Utility of the communications market, leading firms in the domestic Utility Terminals.
The annual compound growth rate is 10.3%, and the global market size will reach $35.1 billion in 2019. Thanks to China’s domestic economic development and the Government’s vigorous efforts to implement a business communications plan, China’s unified communications solution market is entering a period of rapid development and is expected to reach $2.5 billion in 2019, with a compound growth rate for 2015-2019.
The market for unified communications solutions is growing rapidly, and it is expected that demand will break out.
Compared with the trend of depth 300, the unit's processed production model and the sales model of authorized distributors reached a net interest rate of 46.80 per cent in 2016. According to frost&sullvan, the company was ranked second in terms of volume of sales, market share, in 2015.
At the same time, the company launched the Vcs videoconference system in March 2015, the company’s latest unified communications terminal product, which not only enriches the company’s product structure, but is also expected to further increase the company’s Māori ratio. The company draws on corporate leadership and global branding of the unified communications terminal solution.
The company's current net fund-raising is expected to be $1,589 million, with four fund-raising investment projects, of which (1)
UTC upgrading and industrialization projects can further leverage corporate technology, products, R & D, branding and industrial clusters to optimize corporate unified communications end product structures; (2) HD videoconferencing system research and development and industrialization projects will complete a number of HD videoconferencing system end-products and develop a variety of applications-oriented scenarios
Product mix, providing high-quality video experience to participants; (3) R & D and cloud computing centre construction projects that improve the corporate R & D environment and effectively integrate the existing R & D resources of companies; and (4) cloud communications platform construction projects that can provide corporate users with a unified communications cloud hosting service that is user-friendly to corporate communications terminals
To help enterprises build an internal integrated communications ecosystem through the integrated deployment of hardware terminals such as tip, dect, vcs, various software terminals and cloud service platforms.
A unified communications market cannot sustain a high profile: vcs system development is hampered: the mobilization of funds for investment has not progressed as expected. First, a national unified communications terminal leader, a world-class unified communications company (i) a unified communications industry leader, accelerating the layout of diversified terminal solutions
It's done in such a way as to provide smart, efficient corporate communication terminal solutions to global business clients. After years of development, the company has now established 228 research and development teams and a system of channels with global coverage, and has established good partnerships with internationally recognized providers of communication systems such as Broadsoft, Microsoft, Hwa, Hong Kong Telecom, Spain, etc.
The company is currently in the hands of four persons, Wu Jung-yi, Chen Ji-song, Lu Yong-fu and Zhou Weiwei, who together hold 57.59 per cent of the company's total equity, 10.71 per cent of the company's shares, Zhou Wei-wei 8.04 per cent of the company's shares, and four have co-signed the Unanimous Actors Agreement, and have been in key positions such as directors and senior managers of the company, making major decisions about the company's shareholders' assembly, board of directors and the company's performance.
As a result, the corporate equity structure is fragmented and there is no single controlling shareholder, and no shareholder is able to dominate the company alone, thus contributing to democratic decision-making by creating checks and balances of power and playing a substantive role in the shareholders’ assembly. The company has two wholly-owned subsidiaries located in the Netherlands and the United States, respectively, that are used to boost product coverage in regional markets such as Europe and the Americas.
The company was registered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, under Dutch law on 15 August 2016, and is mainly intended to do European sales; and in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, on 25 November 2014, it was registered in Atlanta, Georgia.
The international distribution network is well positioned to boost the company’s share of the international market and its profits. At the same time, the company’s management has worked for years in the communications technology industry, with strong technical experience and industry experience, to protect the enterprise’s ability to improve its product competitiveness.
The company has always maintained the development path of continuous innovation in unified communication technologies, combining the competitive advantages of such core technologies as audio-visual technologies, web-based communication technologies, and so on. The mission is to create the value of network communication and enjoy the pleasure of network communication, so as to achieve the vision of “any moment, any network, any equipment, free communication” and maintain its leading position in the global SME market.
Actively expand high-end markets such as large enterprises, operators, and platform operators, and increase product coverage and branding influence in regional markets such as Europe and the Americas. Over a period of three to five years, the company has been developed into a respected and influential international in the field of global unified communications (ii) pursuing a competitive product differentiation strategy and continuously developing a unified communications terminal market.
Since its inception, the company has focused on the R & D, production and marketing of unified communication terminals, with no major changes in the main business. The company is currently in the business transformation phase, starting with the construction of vcs, software terminals, and cloud service platforms, in an effort to create a unified communications ecological chain.
The development of communication terminals, usb communication terminals and the creation of autonomous brands; the third phase is the proactive promotion by companies of technology innovation-based development models and the initial completion of the construction of global distribution channels; and the fourth phase is to further improve the quality and responsiveness of services and actively expand new operators and platforms by continuously optimizing product lines to meet the changing capacity needs of clients.
Table 4: Introduction of the company's main products Auto-configuration, upgrades and interactive capabilities specifically designed by SMEs with high compatibility, user-friendliness and ease of deployment.
The product itself meets the highest sound standards of the global telecommunications industry and supports high-resolution voice, poe, business newsletters, meetings and other specific needs of the business, and is easily deployed.
In addition, the company vcs high-quality videoconferencing system has web-friendly, easy to deploy, simple and compatible features.
The product also has the following key functions: (1) in the case of 8% of the network, the product is still capable of high-quality video communication: (2) the product supports forward error correction and smart bandwidth adjustments, and can
Rapidly adjust to a weak network connection environment to ensure active and regular communication; (3) product support of 1080 p fully equivocal video per megabits (mbps) per second
The company uses the light asset business model to outsource all products to independent third-party foreign association manufacturers. In the production and procurement model, the company adheres to the “foreign association processing” approach, procures all raw materials on its own and provides production process processes and documents, entrusts third-party foreign association manufacturers to produce: in the R & D model, the company invests heavily to expand the company's product mix while developing a convenient and practical approach.
Uniform communication solutions, corporate R & D systems according to a division of responsibilities, including R & D, Hardware R & D, Software R & D, and Testing Department: in terms of marketing models, use of a global network of authorized operations to sell products in 106 countries and regions across six continents, increasing the market share of companies in international markets and consolidating industry niches.
Figure 3: Corporate product development and production flow chart (1) Production and procurement model: Companies use “foreign processing” production model and centralized purchasing system to strictly guarantee quality stability of products.
Production activities, which maintain more than 98 per cent of batch-sampled compliance rates, effectively reducing business risks and outcomes, allowing companies to invest more resources in R & D, marketing and customer services to strengthen their core competitiveness;
Implementation of source controls ensures product performance. (2) The R & D model: companies are investing heavily and continuously in R & D. ... The company ' s portfolio of products is continuously expanded in a combination of autonomous R & D and authorized co-development.
And 7.04%. Companies develop and roll out innovative products and technologies through integrated research and development platforms, including the Xiamen Research Centre and the Hangzhou Research Centre, and upgrade existing products and technologies to meet changing market demand and consumer preferences. Companies have been built to focus on R&D management, including embedded software, platform software, hardware development, functionality and performance testing.
Co-operative R & D systems for the sustainable development of technologies and products that meet the needs of different markets, using a project-based approach. Table 5: R & D departments and key responsibilities Planning and process management of R & D projects, follow-up and review of R & D workflows and continuous improvement of the Centre's staff
Software Part: Detailed design and testing of bottom and audio software components in accordance with software design specifications; development of corporate embedded software technology Platforming, modularization planning and extension Software Part II: Detailed design and testing of software in line with software design specifications, participation in review and evaluation of deliverables at various stages: Developer
Development of technology platforms, modularization plans for the development of the network andcip modules and planned software technology platforming, modularization design and realization Three software components: development of corporate software technology platform development, modularization plan, organization of resources to complete technology platforming, modularization, and
Design and implementation according to plan, with acceptance of technology results Four software: planning, design and development of corporate end-of-service products Five software: development of technology platforms for corporate applications, modularization plans, responsibility for organizing resources to complete technology platforms, modularization
Software six: in-depth management of the efficiency of the operation within the R & D, planning of automation of the R & D process, design development and dissemination Hardware one: overall design of the hardware programme, outline design and detailed hardware design, testing in accordance with hardware design specifications Hardware two: detailed design of the company's product appearance, structure, etc.; standard control processes for the establishment of the appearance, structure and improvement of the quality of development
(b) Hardware: as an interface between R & D and production ... assumes engineering modeling, trial production process tracking and on-site coordination, first-time production process tracking and on-site coordination
Test one: in-depth management of quality of products, overall planning and design of testing programmes in line with the company's product quality approach and establishment of product testing processes and testing specifications Test two: reduction of learning costs of products through high-quality product documentation, promotion of value representation of products and enhancement of product integration
Test Department Test three: Rapidly responding to market demand for customization and adaptation of R & D, ensuring that these demand is published at a higher quality level, and ensuring market satisfaction with corporate services
(3) Sales and marketing patterns: companies actively deploy a global network of authorized distributors to expand their global distribution networks for greater market opportunities. Companies use a global network of authorized distributors to sell their products in 106 countries and regions on six continents to establish and maintain long-term stable business relationships with authorized distributors through sustained business development and marketing.
Effective business management enables companies to effectively control, expand and consolidate their global distribution channels and contribute to business development and sales revenue. At the same time, companies are actively building marketing and marketing teams to expand marketing networks, select business opportunities, negotiate business cooperation, and establish and maintain cooperative relationships with distributors, operators, and platformers by region.
(iii) A steady growth in performance, with sales of corporate products, dominated by the sip unified desktop terminal, growing steadily overall, and significant growth in operating income and net interest rates. Average annual company product prices for the sip end for 2014-2016 were $326/1, $335.6 and $379.5, maintaining a small increase.
The company ' s Māori ratio is higher in the industry, while the overall cost of the company is well controlled and the share of total revenue is declining every year. The company ' s revenue from the Clear Videoconference system is rising from year to year. The company ' s products are sold on domestic and foreign markets, mainly in foreign markets, 2016.
Foreign markets account for a total of 95.60% of total annual sales and the domestic market 4.40%. Of these, the company’s sip desktop terminal products account for a large proportion of the company’s revenues, which in 2016 amounted to $73,631.5 million, or 79.72% of the total sales of the company’s desktop terminal products.
(i) Policies that promote the development of a unified communications industry and the continued growth of demand for end-products.
To ensure efficiency. Harmonizing all types of information, such as voice, fax, e-mail, mobile SMS, multimedia and data, to facilitate the rapid integration of communications with the IT industry at any time and place, by means of any equipment, any network, data, faxing through the company's equipment, and by embracing the concept of people-centred application, facilitates the rapid integration of communications with the IT industry.
Communications technology, as a strategic industry for the construction of our modern information industry, is strongly supported by national policies. In accordance with the National Development and Reform Commission ' s Directory of Guidance for Strategic and Emerging Industry Priority Products and Services, it has included light communication equipment in its strategy.
Projects: In the framework of the National Medium- and Long-term Science and Technology Development Plan (2006-2020), transmission equipment has been included as a priority theme in the area of information production and modern services.
Encouraging the development of web products suitable for the next generation of high-speed broadband information networks and integrated applications of the three networks that can provide " High-tech-end-to-end service quality, support for multifunctional, secure network technologies and equipment, ip multimedia subsystems "
Guidance on priority areas of technology development Equipment, fluid media systems equipment, new generation of mobile communication systems (web-based devices, smart terminals, dedicated chips, operating systems, business platforms and applications with mobile Internet)
The uc solution market includes the Internet-based uc service market and the uc end solution market. The uc service market includes all forms of services provided for the uc application, such as cloud, hosting and management services, as well as professional services that support application operations. The uc end solution market includes desktop terminals, conference terminals, videoconferencing terminals, software terminals, etc.
The development of the uc solution market will be limited by a number of factors, including limited commercial interoperability, high cost of integration and maintenance of different applications, the required professional services, the benefits of China’s domestic economic development and the Government’s vigorous implementation of the commercial communications programme, and the market for the uc solution in China.
In 2015, the market size of China’s uc solution reached $1.2 billion, and the combined growth rate for 2010-2015 will continue to prosper in the next five years. In 2010, the global uc solution market model reached $12.2 billion, and in 2015 it reached $19.9 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of 10.3 per cent.
The market size of the uc solution will reach $35.1 billion in 2019, with a combined growth rate of 15.2 per cent in 2015-2019, and the rapid expansion of the unified communications market will usher in an outbreak of demand. Videoconferencing plays an increasingly important role in raising productivity and improving cross-geographical communications, with China’s videoconferencing market steadily rising from $210 million in 2010 to $50 billion in 2015.
Annual compound growth rate of 19.2 per cent; as network quality continues to improve throughout the country, China's software-based communication market is expected to continue to grow in demand for conference and software terminals based on market development trends in Table 7: uc Solutions: Sip and other protocols will be replaced with special ip and other protocols, thus driving the sip to the end
The company optimizes the algorithms and performance of audio processing by conducting research on audio processing techniques suitable for the voip terminal, making the company ' s product sound-quality performance a industry leader. The current unified communication terminal is usually a packaged audio-processing development package provided by the upstream master chip factory, or the development of the corresponding audio-processing software by a third-party agreed-upon audio-processing technology.
There are audio processing techniques, specific dsp chips or dsp to check the poor inheritance and portability of the terminal. The correlation between the primary chip and the voip audio processing has led to the gradual homogenization of the product between the terminal. The company has broken through the technology and developed audio processing techniques that support wide-frequency echo elimination algorithms, noise removal algorithms, audio hardware design, etc. and eventually used in the company.
The end product supports echo sound up to 320 ms, bringing the sound quality of the company’s products to industry leaders. The frequency resolution and clearer images provide clients with better communication experiences. Due to the very high volume of data from high-resolution videos, the company developed high-resolution video engines that support 1080 p, including H. 263, H.264hhprofile, 2d, and base code-coding techniques.
High-resolution video engines supporting 1080 p to ensure the efficiency and quality of video communication are supported by technology such as 3d image noise mitigation estimates, qos assurance of the quality of ip video services, automatic tracking based on human face testing, and automatic exposure. (ii) Sip, dect, vcs end product is steadily optimized and research and development is continuously strengthened
The company’s products are based on the sip protocol, which enables two or more end-to-end communications to be established through the Internet, and the sip as an open-standard agreement, which enables the company’s products to be compatible with the vast majority of mainstream communications agreements on the front-line market. Companies sell hardware terminals according to customer demand and provide uniform communications.
Solution services, optimize and adjust product combinations to market demand, and upgrade product functionality and technical specifications to meet rising, unified communications market demand. t4 series products have received far higher revenue than the rest of the series since 2014.
tmcnet Laboratory Innovation Award. Connecting the bt40usb Bluetooth adaptor allows easy access to communication terminals such as t46, t48, and enjoys unhindered mobile phone experience. For business users, the t4 series secures terminal and server or other terminal communications through prefabricated ssl certificates.
In voice processing, support is given to srtp voice encryption to prevent illegal wiretapping. Advanced design concepts and innovative appearances make the t4 series of communication terminals a product that is popular with high-end markets.
t2 series products generated 29.25 per cent of business income in 2016, after the t4 series, and aimed to improve office efficiency by helping small and medium-sized business users build their own communications record servers. Using a powerful network voice processing algorithm, they can provide 150~7khz ultra-broad audio frequency bands that provide users with high speech quality such as real human voice experience.
Ration and network protocols integrated into advanced broadband voice code decoding g.722, qos, aec (repeal elimination), plc (discard package compensation), ajb (self-adaptation to shake buffers), agc (automatic gain control) and ensuring ultra-clear voice effects, combined with critical technologies such as vad (voice activity detection), cng (comfort background sound generation), and dropping packages on the network
With a 30% rate, the user can still have a near-destructive sound experience. In addition, there is a wealth of programmable buttons to satisfy the user ' s ability to improve office efficiency by dialing one key, turning one key and presenting the phone state.
The company uses the most advanced cat-iq 2.0 technology in the industry to provide safer and more clean wireless communication solutions. The dect series can support up to five handles, five accounts and four-way co-location, free distribution of reception rights, and user expansion.
Simple, with lower costs. The company has solved the problem by using a push-through air upgrade method so that users can actually update the current version, configuration management, etc., without any operation, and enhance their experience. The Dect series is also equipped with a full-time, high-resolution sound, 1.8-inch colour screen, built-in poe, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly model, large signal coverage, with a maximum interior signal covering 50-m radius, rooms, etc.
Outside signals can cover a maximum radius of 300 m, allowing users to fully enjoy a free-moved communication experience. The vcs series is primarily targeted at small and medium-sized enterprises with large offices or travels across the region, and the company has developed a vcs series of products with three key functions. In the case of 8% of web drops, the product can still be used for high-quality video communication; the product can support forward-looking communication.
In addition, the company ' s vcs series has network suitability, deployment and maintenance features that are simple and broadly compatible, as well as equipment interfaces with smart penetrators that support remote maintenance.
It can be adapted to the diversity of SME networks. The general population can open boxes and insert them, without the need to hire specialized IT personnel to maintain videoconferencing equipment, which significantly reduces the cost of SME input.
Through cooperation with system platforms such as broadsoft, 3cx, the company has gradually developed from standard end-product sales to the provision of end-solving solutions, including unified telecommunications solutions for telecommunications operators, uniform communications solutions for small and medium-sized enterprises, ip-heart solutions, etc.
The user experience is high: the SME unified communication solution provides SME clients with the ability to enhance intra-enterprise, partner, external client communication collaboration, ensuring timely effectiveness of information communication; the ip focal point solution achieves a steady and continuous operation of the call centre, and raises the voice experience of the sitting personnel.
(1) Uniform communications solutions for telecommunications operators: An increasing number of enterprises are choosing a product package provided by a telecommunications operator on the basis of cost, maintenance capacity or convenience, and users need only apply to a telecommunications operator for an account number to be able to enjoy sound communication body and services. Based on the needs of such users, the company provides a fully functioning telecommunications operator with a unified communications solution for telecommunications operators.
The program, which makes the telecommunication operator’s business model richer and easier to manage. The one-stop solution offered by the company, can support re-directional services (rps), enable bulk automatic deployments, reduce deployment time, and improve efficiency. Under this solution, users can also achieve short dialling, resonance, line sharing, state synchronization, etc., and improve their use experience.
(2) SME solutions: SMEs face an increasingly complex communications environment in which employees, business partners and customers ultimately delay decision-making on information overloading, slow down process implementation and reduce operational efficiency. Companies use a wide range of product lines to design and optimize a set of communication solutions for SMEs.
The program uses ldap (light directory access protocol) and an open xml remote address book to help users easily locate and manage contacts both inside and outside the enterprise, introduce smart searches, and smart matching search objects.
Figure 18: SME solutions (3) p Focal Point solutions: Large backup machines need to be established due to the speciality of the application by the ip Focal Point, the intensity of the volume and the uninterrupted working condition throughout the year, which places higher demands on the stability and usefulness of the communication terminals
, for example, back-up servers, back-up power sources, or even back-up networks to maintain uninterrupted service requirements. The PP connection solution developed by the company supports dnsrv back-up servers, back-up accounts, and automatically switch to the backup pbx server when problems arise in the main pbx server; when problems arise in the user's personal computer, automatic call fractions can be made on the terminal.
In addition, the program terminals are integrated into advanced broadband voice codecs g.722, aec (record elimination), plc (discarded package compensation), ajb (self-adapted vibration buffers), agc (automatic gain control) and other voice processing techniques to ensure ultra-clear voice effects and to satisfy the comfortable voice experience of the sit-in traffic environment.
Figure 19: ip Focal Point solution (iii) Unified communication industry is highly competitive, companies remain at the forefront of the market, seeking a breakthrough in their performance.
One-line branding and a unified communications terminal for the SME market. As the overall technology level of the industry rises, category II end-users, while plowing into the relatively price-sensitive SME market, start building up development operators, large group markets, and products that are recognized by global users and have received many influential domestic and foreign awards, and companies have been solid with their customers for many years.
The main product systems of the company include the voip platform.
Tang Gao Hung Data Network Technology Series, voip relay gateway, voip end product, 3g product series, atm product series, ip call centre, ip humming Ltd.
Companies focus on unified communications, creating a definite advantage in brands, R&D, business models, distribution channels, and management teams, but still have a certain disadvantage in terms of development finance and key raw materials. Companies are the leading global provider of universal communications end-of-life solutions based on the Internet, with highly recognized brands and good reputations.
The company has a strong competitive advantage in the area of unified communications, based on mature distribution networks and experienced management teams. As a result of development finance constraints, and product mastered chip technology, it has been mastered by foreign manufacturers to some extent.
As the level of technology developed by the company rises, dependence on upstream and downstream industries decreases, contributing to rapid corporate growth. Harmonizing raw materials used by communication terminals, including chips, liquid crystal screens, casings, power sources, pcb panels, electronic components and other accessories, is essential.
The industry is a fully competitive and mature industry, with slow and persistent low prices and benefits from improved costs for unified communications terminals. At the same time, while suppliers of the unified communications terminal master core (soc) are concentrated in a few manufacturers, companies have access to development technologies based on the chip and are therefore not subject to a single chip provider to satisfy companies and individual users globally.
Harmonizing the demand for communications end-products creates a more favourable development environment.
The company is expected to raise $1.589 billion in net funds, mainly for communications terminals, industrial development of videoconferencing systems, and the construction of cloud computing centres and cloud communication platforms. The plan is to implement four fund-raising investment projects in which the upgrading and industrialization of communications terminals can further leverage corporate technological, product, research and development, branding and industrial cluster advantages and effectively enhance corporate resistance.
Risk capabilities to optimize corporate unified communications end-product structures; HD videoconferencing system research and development and industrialization projects to complete high-resolution videoconferencing system end-products and develop a combination of products oriented to different application scenarios, providing participants with efficient and high-quality video experience and improving co-operation and efficiency; and research and development and cloud computing centre construction projects to improve the corporate research and development environment and attract high-quality people
In the meantime, the existing research and development resources of the company will be effectively integrated; the cloud communications platform construction project will provide business users with unified communications (ii) a unified communications terminal upgrading industrialization project The company will conduct a mega series based on its own years of experience in research and development and mastery of high-technology technologies related to unified communications
The upgrading of terminals, research and development of the gigabytes of terminals and the development of wireless and video series terminals, and their progressive industrialization, is an investment plan implemented by companies, based on existing technologies, building on existing backbone operations and taking into account national industrial policies and industry development characteristics.
The advantages of goods, R & D, brands and industrial clusters effectively enhance corporate resilience to risks, optimize corporate harmonization of communication end-product structures, enhance corporate profitability, enhance corporate overall competitiveness and meet the needs of corporate development strategies.
As unified communications products move from closed to open, cloud-based and unified communications services markets develop, and the demand for uniform communications end-products is growing. In the face of this huge market space, companies, as globally renowned providers of corporate-level unified communications terminal equipment, will certainly seize this historic opportunity to take advantage of the industry’s greatest potential.
New technologies have developed and launched up-to-date products to meet changing market demands and capture market shares. Companies have in the past gained a niche in the market in low- and medium-end images and value-for-money advantages, not in the final thinking of a company’s long-term development strategy.
Harmonizing telecommunications technology is fast and firms need to upgrade their autonomous R & D capabilities to respond to industry competition. Harmonizing communications terminal equipment is a technology-intensive industry, which is accompanied by rapid and rapid developments in unified communications, and increasingly rapid changes in industry technology. Intra-industry enterprises must evolve over time to continuously upgrade their R & D levels in order to keep pace with technological developments in the industry and take advantage of the latest technology in the industry.
It is difficult for an enterprise to continue to survive and develop in the industry if it lacks rapid and efficient product design, development capacity, and ahead-of-the-curve judgement on markets and products. (iii) Research and development and industrialization projects for high-quality videoconferencing systems
This project is the innovative construction and development of a software and hardware system for the high-quality videoconferencing system, based on the available communications technology of the company, and the enrichment and refinement of new products in line with the requirements of modern corporate co-location and integrated communications. Through this project, the company will complete the system end-to-end Vc400, single-way Vc120, and high-key systems that include integrated multi-point control unit functions.
A number of high-resolution videoconferencing system end-products have created a combination of products oriented to different applications, providing participants with an efficient and high-quality video experience, improved co-operation and efficiency, and constructed a complete integrated and coordinated communication system. Market demand is enormous, and there is a trend towards a clear video-to-high-resolution video upgrade.
The global videoconferencing system began to grow rapidly, and the market has matured, especially with the launch of the H.323 agreement, making videoconferencing increasingly available to governments, the military, finance, telecommunications, health care, education, businesses, etc.
Parallel to the expansion of the market for frequent meetings, videoconferencing products are being refined, with video clarity as a key technical indicator of the videoconferencing system, driven by a number of factors that are more efficient and high-quality client experience requirements and the spread of equipment such as hdtv, hd cameras, etc.
This project is based on the company’s existing main business, and is based on the company’s current business, and is based on the company’s current business, and on the company’s current business situation, the company’s ability to build on the company’s ability to build on the company’s ability to develop its own business.
In the context of the corporate development strategy, based on existing communication technologies, innovative construction and development of the software and hardware systems of the high-quality videoconferencing system is carried out, with a rich and well-developed product research and development and industrialization plan in line with the requirements of modern enterprise co-location and integrated communications, further expanding the existing business and enriching the product structure by seizing good opportunities for rapid growth in the industry.
(iv) Integration and synergy of operations to effectively enhance the ability of firms to resist the risks of market change, market competitiveness and sustainable development in response to domestic and foreign competitors. (iv) R & D and cloud computing centre construction projects
The project envisages the construction of a research and development and cloud computing centre, with built-in office areas, audio and video laboratories, cloud communications data centres, intermediate-test production lines, and technical support centres. The implementation of the project will improve the corporate research and development environment and attract high-quality talent, while effectively integrating the existing research and development resources of the company, changing the fragmentation of existing research and development regions and facilitating the sharing of corporate research and development resources.
With the rapid development of a globally integrated communications market, the corporate business area has expanded, and the R & D environment and R & D configuration has become difficult to meet the existing demand. To ensure that the company’s strategic development objectives are met, the company’s existing office space, R & D equipment, and R & D personnel are already in place.
The inability to meet the R & D needs involved in a company’s business makes it difficult to match the strategic requirements of a company’s rapid growth and becomes a bottleneck to a firm’s long-term, healthy development. And a good R & D environment and high-level R & D personnel are the strongest expressions of R & D power, and their full integration is a sine qua non for successful R & D. Building their own R & D building as a company’s operating centre and a research and development centre.
The project is intended to enhance the corporate brand image, enhance customer service capabilities, and facilitate rapid business development. The implementation of the R & D and cloud computing centres will provide a modern research and development base and a modern office centre for companies, while at the same time strengthening their customers.
Business-to-business confidence is conducive to firm-to-customer closer ties of cooperation and to corporate branding. Moreover, customer service capacity is an important expression of corporate brand value. Through the implementation of this project, the company intends to build a call centre for teleservices and customer experience and a 7* 24-hour hotline to enhance corporate global customer service.
Capacity; the corporate informatization platform will further improve the efficiency of service operations by improving client perceptions, fostering customer loyalty and enhancing corporate brand value, which will facilitate successful implementation of long-term overseas business expansion plans. (v) cloud communications platform development
The project plans to develop a unified communications platform based on cloud platforms - the cloud communications operating platform - to provide corporate users with cloud hosting services for unified communications. The company will build on core technologies such as high-resolution audio processing, high-resolution video processing, network communications, echo elimination algorithms, drop-back compensation, sip hangars, etc., and will use technology such as distributed deployment, load-balanced clustering, etc.
A distributed data centre, with a multilayered load-balanced design that achieves the load capacity of 100 million-grade users, will eventually lead to a cloud communications platform structure that will provide a unified communications cloud hosting service to business users. The cloud communications platform will integrate a unified communications base application and provide customized value-added services to enhance enterprise communication efficiency.
In general, enterprises in their growth phase, as business size expands and staff increases, will eventually face problems of complicated communication collaboration, process redundancy, overall communication efficiency and lower average efficiency of the enterprise’s employees, and the continuous development of the enterprise’s communications system will place higher demands on the enterprise’s communications system. And the cloud communications platform will combine well-developed basic functions with customized professional services that match the needs of the particular enterprise’s users.
The successful implementation of the cloud communications platform project will support companies’ present-day and consistent market patterns in a neutral manner. The construction of a whole-of-the-industry business system will strengthen corporate leadership.
Business clients provide smart and efficient business communication terminals, which belong to the end-equipment provider in the unified communications industry chain. But at this stage, the company ' s lack of system integration and overall programme resolution capacity limits the client base of the serviceable enterprises and hinders the profitability. The successful implementation of this cloud communications platform facilitates the company ' s ability to deliver value-added synergistic services from the end-product provider to SMEs.
The crossing of cloud hosting service providers is aimed at further upgrading the sale of EKO operations in the field of deployment, diagnosis, management, maintenance, use, etc., followed by an orderly extension of the company ' s business model in the form of a unified communications service and a comprehensive distribution of the communications industry chain in conjunction with other fund-raising projects.
Assumption 1: company sip unified communications desktop terminal operations, continuously optimizing product combinations according to market demand, upgrading product technology specifications and 36.24 per cent, 36.53 per cent, 34.44 per cent, respectively, of unified communications desktop terminal operations in 2017-2019; assumption 2: corporatedect integrated communications wireless terminal operations, with an emphasis on small and medium-sized enterprise applications, upgrading user freedom of movement
(b) Assumption 3: company vcs high-quality videoconferencing system operations, integrating and synergizing corporate operations as funds are raised to improve product research and development and industrialization plans, and vcs high-quality videoconferencing system 71.82 per cent, 71.00 per cent, 71.00 per cent and 71.00 per cent of corporate operations are maintained in 2017-2019.
The unified communications market cannot maintain a high profile; the development of the vcs system has been hampered; and the mobilization of funds has fallen short of expectations. Jung Ping, team leader.
Masson, graduate from the University of Hoyoji, Master of Business Administration, joined the civil securities in 2016. The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeking objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions that are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.