On January 15, 2018, the Volkswagen Group stated that it had benefited from strong growth in autonomous brand sales and a robust joint venture investment of $35.27. Looking ahead, we believe that the Volvo Group has three main drivers: 1) completion of new plants, energy bottlenecks; 2) robust new product lines driving robust growth in sales; 3) strong profit growth in 2017 (the annual report will be published)
On January 15, 2018, the Volkswagen Group issued a performance advance announcement that net profits had increased to 3450 million - 5340 million in 2017, and that companies attributed robust profit growth to strong growth in autonomous brand sales and solid joint venture investment returns. On January 3, 2018, the Volvo Group also announced sales of 2.01 million vehicles in 2017, 2.3 per cent lower than our forecast of 20.48 million vehicles.
Three key drivers, we believe, are the following three key drivers: 1) strong profit growth in 2017 (the official annual report will be released in March 2018);
Lines (Bang-bang Honda: a new generation of Yakota/Kyototlx/rdx; Toyota: a new generation of Camery/chr; Bwan-bang Fik: k8; Hiro-bang Mitsubishi: eclipsecross; Gs7/gs3/cm8/gs5/ge3 pure electric vehicles built by autonomous brands on dedicated new platforms);
3) The completion of the Toyota 3rd Production Line and the Botanical Fax Plant at the end of 2017 should remove production capacity bottlenecks.  The end of the car acquisition tax concession policy has led to a weakening of the overall market and a low volume/price/māori ratio
Increase in marketing costs and dealer return points in the fourth quarter of 2017 Increased impairment losses, especially in the area of autonomous branding research and development Increased compliance costs of fuel consumption/new energy car component policies
The author thanks Liu Wichi for his contribution to this report, and we, Yang Ying and Tin Hsing, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the research industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. Returns are the sum of the capital return indicators projected for each year, such as croci, average application of capital return and net asset return. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gain, dividends return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of historical fluctuations of 12 months and adjusted for dividends.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%) and three of which is a lower probability of Qantum.
Quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or to compare gssustain gssustain between firms in different industries and markets, a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries.
Rewards, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of the risks of esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance) are expected to perform well in the long run vis-à-vis industry leaders around the world. Candidates are based mainly on a comprehensive quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas.
a A fleet of vehicles: Jiang Huai, Biadei (a), Chang An, a car, a car, Fukuyo Glass (a), Walle (a), Guanga (a), Huajia, All Electric, Upper Steam Group, Chai Chai Moi (a), Wei China Motors: Huaming Motor, Biadi (h), Harmonious Car, East Wind Group, Foyoga Glass (h), Jili Car, Guangxun Shun, Long City Car (h), Guang Gas Group (h), Min-Shu Group, Nishte, China Gar, Chai Chai Moe (h), Heng-Chai Motor Group.
In the next three months, Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies: Hiroshima Group (a) (rmb24.33), Hiroshima Group (h) (hk$18.34) Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
The distribution of buying and selling ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy or sell list, which changes the investment rating of those shares.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information does not make sense, because it is irrelevant.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.