Alternative car and car parts: 17 years of high performance, growth in development patterns. Group car sales outpaced 2 million doors, 21.27 per cent more than in passenger cars.
The rate of growth in the industry is 1.40 per cent. Of these, the number of vehicles is 50.86 million, an increase of 36.70 per cent in the same year; the number of vehicles in Honda is 10.37 million, an increase of 10.37 per cent in the same year; the number of vehicles in Toyota is 44.24 million, an increase of 4.88 per cent in the same year; the number of vehicles in Fyke is 205.2 million, an increase of 40.11 per cent in the same year; and the number of vehicles in Mitsubishi is 11.4 million.
With the benefits of a sharp decline in the market share of the new vehicle-type centralized and Korean cars, the data on the sales of solar and autonomous brands under the banner of the Volkswagen Group is bright, leading to high annual performance growth. High sales growth is expected to continue, with the distribution of medium- and high-end layouts increasing profitability.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Toyota and Toyota branding target sales of 500,000 (+13.5 per cent) and 700,000 (+ total market value/flow (millions) respectively
The two brands are still in a strong product cycle, with the market’s good reputations and production capabilities releasing, and sales targets are expected to be easily achieved. At the same time, high-end layouts are being improved in the sedan, suv, and mpv sub-sectors, and the increased value of bicycles is expected to further increase profitability.
A major push for new energy and smart networks to accelerate the upgrading of the development landscape. Research on new vehicles and forward-looking technologies for companies with code additions, and extensive cross-border collaboration with high-tech Licorne companies such as Tetsu, Huaieng, and Science Major Air help to enhance future competitiveness.
The company's value is expected to rise with the improved line and forward technology layout.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.