In 2023, q1 achieved operating income of $17,619 million, q1 annual Māori rate of 23,01%, ring increase of 5.48 pct, net interest rate of 13.99%, ring increase of 4.76 pct.
Ping is expected to continue to rise, subject to a January-February restructuring of the industrial chain, with an average of M$0.14 per q1 and a single-watt > technology in March: a clear advantage under core technological advantages and industrial manufacturing capacity of 4.0 per cent. q1 in 2023, as a window period for R & D, incurred a cost of R & D of R$ 1,018 million, or 5.78 per cent of total revenue.
With the upgrading of smart manufacturing, companies have been able to supply more than 500 full-size products in a quarter, in line with the trend of differentiation of battery components, leading to changes in manufacturing patterns in the industry. Semiconductor materials: high-intensity R & D will be undertaken this year, and this part of R & D is expected to reach nearly 10%. Battery assemblies: the recently announced Guangzhou project will use topcon battery technology, with continuous investment in type N R & D.
The company has strategic layouts in silicon, gold lines, and \triangleright equipment. For quartz, the company pre-empts the supply of platinum sands and locks.
And the price of the locks, which protect the inner sands and the middle sands, builds on the cost side of the two-lined enterprises. Moreover, the company has long been nurturing a mix of long-term strategic collaborations ranging from five to ten years in areas such as Quartz products.
The company is the leader of the silicon, n-style technology and the advantage of the supply chain. We expect the company to be 2023- series, using data information that is legally compliant, to carefully draw conclusions, and to produce the report independently and objectively.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.