Accurately silicon silicon silicon with a chain of sand, a power totcon relay of 2025, a force semiconductor industry with a steady increase in production, and a new topcon “firepoint” in addition to solid n silicon, 14042023
Pure thin monolithic silicon project, with a total investment of $3.65 billion, proposed to raise $3.5 billion, construction period of 18 months, construction site in Sinakawa, 50gw (g12), solar-scale single crystal silicon plant kit manufacturing project site; (2) 25gw topcon photovolt cell project, with a total investment of 10.37 billion, proposed to raise funds of 10.3 billion, construction period of 24 months, to be established
The big silicon size can spread the unit production costs of batteries and components, which is important for improving the PV efficiency, reducing the level of output and optimizing the cost of bos. 182mm + 210 mm large silicon tablets account for 45% faster than in 2021.
The rapid increase to 82.8 per cent in 2022 has become the dominant market, with 210 mm large silicon in 2023, with a national silicon production of 357gw in 2022, with 19 per cent in the company ' s domestic municipality, 140gw in the company ' s final crystals in 2022, an increase of more than 30 per cent in the same scale of sales, about 68gw in output, and a silicon outlet.
As the Silicon project continues to grow, it is expected to be 180gw by the end of 2023, keeping the world at the top of the scale. When this 35gw Silicon project is completed, the public will be able to make up 70%.
Silicon production capacity is expected to increase further. We expect a “re-distribution” of profits from all segments of the photovoltaic industry after 2023, depending mainly on a number of factors: the relative “resistency” resulting from the differences in the rate of production of the various links; and the value of the dominant firms in the new technology chain.
Significant upscaling; global “voice rights” of domestic industry in this area; higher concentration of cr5 is the greater the pricing power. Thus, the future price of silicon is expected to continue to fall, and the corresponding profit transfer rates are likely to be in silicon, batteries (the silicon symbiosis of future batteries and components) and end-users (the sale price is lower).
A shortage of aggregated sand will result in the overall production capacity of the silicon chain remaining at historically low levels and becoming a scarce ring in the chain of the main industry, with the result that the "n+large size" silicon is expected to yield excess returns. When the synthetic sand technology matures or a new mine is delivered in 2025, the silicon chain will overcharge or transfer to the n-cell chain. Thus, in 2025, 25gwtopcon
By the end of 2022, domestic topcon produced more than 55gw and demand continued to grow. This 25gwtopcon tcl (002129) - 2022 high
The battery project will be combined with 210 mm silicone technology, stacked tiles technology, solid g12+ tile diversity growth, with 2023 continuing the main silicon n-type 2023-03-chemical development route, taking full advantage of large silicon and stacked tiles.
Technologies such as the replacement of the tungsten line can be successfully transferred to future new technology applications.
At the same time, it is important to note that the cost of topcon battery manufacturing equipment is decreasing from year to year, and that current investment planning and fund-raising regulations are in place.
Larger, with potential for greater productive capacity-building, more fully automated capacity-building, or over-funding for supplementary operations in the future – good performance in the first quarter, with a greater contribution of photovoltaic chain sands, semiconductor operations – much more promising – company announcement of April 14 that 2023q1 will receive about $17 billion-18 billion, corresponding to about 27-35 per cent of the net profit of the mother
Demand is expected to rise, quartz becomes a “crystal” link in the light-voltage industrial chain, and according to smm, the average price of high-purity quartz sand (in the middle and outer layers) rose from 50,000 yuan/tons at the beginning of the year to 120,000 yuan/tons this week, an increase of 140%.
As a result of industrial policy guidance and the upgrading of domestic technology, domestic semiconductor silicons are expected to continue to grow in volume and share globally, and will grow at a higher rate than the global semiconductor silicon market. By the end of 2022, the company could produce 900,000 per 1 million silicon tablets per month.
In the future, production capacity will be scaled up and the product structure upgraded in order to enhance the competitive edge in the area of city occupancy and semiconductor silicon. Currently, the leading technology of the controlling subsidiary is still in the forefront of the country, with wide product lines, logic, memory, cis, and a wide range of applications, including aerospace, wind power, high iron, and ic.
The ring leads in the direction of products such as memory, logic, Cis, Sensor, Powerdvice, etc. R & D platform. Tianjin leads in the direction of products such as igbt, mems, Sensor.
The market position of the memory and logic circuits with light silicone is raised to 1.3 million silicons per month. The sales and market share ratio of the firms are expected to rise gradually.
Two major projects – the release of tradable 35gw silicon and 25gwtopcon light volts – will consolidate corporate silicon leadership in the future and increase the profitability of the cellular chain. Meanwhile, the company reserves a total of $113.753 billion, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
High volatility in raw material prices; replacement of crystalline silicon products by new technologies; under-investment in corporate production capacity; trade and protectionism hampering overall industrial development.
A clear trend (mm) of thin silicon n polycrystal thickness — single crystal silicone thickness — p silicon silicon
- Single crystal silicone thickness -n silicon silicon-n silicon thickness -hjt
Figure 13 Silicon prices rebounded with a downward trend (millions per ton) Figure 14 Silicon prices flattened since the beginning of the year (m/s), financial statements and financial indicators (millions of dollars)
The industry of arms, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and periodicity, continuing in-depth research in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation, creating a framework for research on “China’s manufacturing investment cycle.” Focusing on the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage energy, the team has devoted limited energy to serving the second- and second-tier markets where the country’s needs are met, the industry is flourishing, and the people have faiths, and if not, the second-tier markets will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.