The performance continues to increase, and silicon profits are expected to remain high at zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn, where silicon taps are firmly established.
In 2022, the company achieved an operating income of 67.01 billion yuan, an increase of 63.02 per cent, or 12.72 per cent. Performance was in line with previous performance forecasts.
The company sells 10.6 billion tablets of photovoltaic silicon (converted to m6 products) throughout the year, with a strong leader.
Do not achieve business income of 509/108.4/32.6 and 62 million yuan, corresponding to growth in the same year silicon: big size, thin and n-type technology leads, silicon is profitable, and companies maintain strong product competitiveness and synergy in silicon technology.
Super-expected performance, looking at the company's n silicon and nectar, creating a unique lead in terms of size, thin silicon, n silicon, etc. 2022-10-08.
The first advantage is that by the end of 2022, the company's crystal production capacity reached 140gw, the market for silicon export was the world's largest, and that, as the Sinakawa project continues to grow in production and technological capacity, it is expected that by the end of 2023, the company's crystal production capacity will reach 180gw.
The current high rate of growth in photovoltaic machines has led to an increase in the demand for silicon, while silicon support material, higher supply of pure rocky sands upstream, rising prices, corporate leadership in the silicon industry, which is expected to be obtained by pre-targeting the supply of high-quality quartz.
Cost advantages to maintain higher silicon margins. Component: Globalized industry layout, industrial 4.0 enabling intelligence manufacturing, Inc. in partnership with Sunpower in 2015 and subsequently in the United States in 2020
Nationally listed company, maxeon, layout component operations, extending downstream into the industrial chain.
In addition, firms are engaged in industrial transformation by 4.0, with significant results in terms of industrial automation, flexible manufacturing, intelligent logistics, and industrial big data platforms, and the competitiveness of component operations is expected to increase gradually in the future.
Silicon competition increases the risk; n silicon development and supply of quartz are less than anticipated; photo-voltaic demand is less than anticipated; large-plate systemic risks are covered: Head of the Electrical Equipment Group, Master of Finance, Bachelor of Science, University of Nakayama, 4-year securities industry study
Experience, with emphasis on photovoltaics, wind power, and storage energy.
Rodithopus: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, and two degrees in Energy and Power Engineering and Finance, Xian University of Transport, in the direction of new energy sources.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.