Village gold mining (601899), with significant control results, steady upswing in the volume of main mineral products and significant cost-control results, leading to higher profitability: 1 M: 24q1
Mineral copper production ring ratio +3.8 to 26.26 million tons, mineral gold production ring ratio - 4.7 to 16.81 tons, mine/tonne. 3) Ben: 2401 company copper concentrate/copper/copper electrolytic unit sales cost ratio - The rise in cost has been effectively contained, with a significant decline in the operating cost ratio represented by overseas projects.
The significant increase in the price of mineral varieties and the success of the control book has been marked by a significant increase in the company Māori, 24q1 Māori, 54.5 per cent Māori, ring ratio + 8.88 ptt. The priority copper gold project has moved forward in an orderly manner, with new energy sources opening up future growth space: 1) copper: Camoa copper
(b) Mining: according to April's latest announcement by Eiffonhow, the ii version plant will be ready by May 24, with capacity up to 600,000 tonnes/year; the Serbian copper gold mine and the Bor copper mine will be fully modified by 25 years.
The extension project, which is expected to reach 300,000 tonnes/year, the Tibetan Dragon II conversion project, was approved by the relevant authorities and is scheduled to be completed by the end of 25th year, with a capacity of 300,000-350 million tonnes/year for the production of copper from the post-natal period.
(c) Lithium: 3q salt lake: phase 1 20,000/year carbonate lithium project has been largely completed and phase 2 30,000/year battery lithium carbonate project salt field project has been built in an orderly manner;
With the support of the reserve project, the company plans for 2024 copper/investment proposals: the company’s priority mining projects are rich in reserves, and future copper mineral volumes are expected to grow steadily.
Growth is certain. The rising cycle of gold and copper is becoming clear, and the company’s cost-control effect can significantly increase the volume of metals and the company’s performance on the steps, and the profits from the price increases are fully released. With the production release from the project, the company’s profitability is expected to increase.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.