Accelerating the release of mining capacity and striving to reach the original target two years ahead of schedule — the report of the event review of the company Purple Mining (601899.sh) — The plan for the production of major mineral products for the next five years (until 2028) was issued by the mining industry.
Publicity: The company aims to achieve the main economic indicators to be achieved by 2030 two years ahead of schedule (by 2028), to fully implement the advanced global business management system and the esg sustainable development system, and to essentially shape the global competitiveness of the mining sector
With a comparative competitive advantage, the project “Green High Technology First International Mining Group” reached its original target ahead of schedule, and future production will continue to rise in tons, 470,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead), 420 tons of mineral silver and 2.5 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent.
(2) 1.22 million tons of mineral copper, 85 tons of mineral gold, 500,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead), 500 tons of mineral silver, 100,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent, 556.6 million tons of mineral zinc (lead), 600-700 tons of mineral silver and equivalent carbon in 2025
Lithium sour, 25 to 300,000 tons, and mineral molybdenum, 2.5 to 35,000 tons. Expediting world-class project resources to accelerate the release of copper plates: accelerating the release of three major copper mining bases, including Tibetan dragons
Mine 2 open-air mining, three pre-works to activate Tibet Juno 1, Purple gold mining (601899): copper gold mining, Shetongmen copper gold mining; completion of three phases of Congolese Kamoa copper mining
The volume will continue to rise and the main mines will be further expanded and four phases will be initiated; full progress will be made in the production of copper gold from Chukalu-Pej in Serbia (2024-03-31).
Safe and efficient underground mining of mining belts and jm copper mines, etc., 2, Purple Gold Mine (601899): Pogra gold mine will be reopened and corporate gold production will continue to increase.
Gold plate: maintenance of the Rosebel gold mine in Suriname, Vuritica gold in Colombia, 2023-12-13 mine, Bazhu Pogra gold mine, Orora gold mine in Guyana and gold mine in Central Asia
3 Ugly Gold Mining (601899): stable and high-yielding minerals such as polymines; harnessing domestic capacity advantages such as South Ugly and Shanxi Ugly gold; growing sustainably and buying up and expanding resource reserves.
Accelerating the completion of gold mines in the eastern part of the mountain region and the Savaton gold mine in Xinjiang. Zinc lead silver plate: zinc is the company's top global producer, and the company will focus on the development of new energy-related silver resources and on the increase of lead zinc plate.
Lithium plates: the first and second phases of the project to promote the exploration and exploitation of the north-eastern part of the Manono Lithium mine in Argentina's Lake Salt 3q, Lake Missalm in Tibet Lago, and Lithium in Hunan, will make the two lakes one of the world's most important lithium companies.
Molybdenum plate: Accelerating the development of monomagnetic molybdenum, the world's largest global reserve, in collaboration with the co-magnification resources of dragon copper, the Dobble Mountain copper mine, and promoting companies to become one of the world's most important production companies.
Implementation of counter-cyclical M&As combined with autonomous surveys Global allocation of resources focused on global important mineral belts, global mega-resources, domestic and neighbouring countries ' major resource projects M&As; and mining lows
To identify suitable M & As opportunities to increase autonomous exploration during the boom period, through autonomous surveying and M & A to achieve a significant increase in resource retention; and to give high priority to M & As for strategic mining projects with challenging low-value production.
The company's mineral copper production has broken through millions of tons of majors, copper, gold, lithium carbonate, etc. The production of products will continue to grow in the future, and the prices of coins and gold will be good, and the company will grow in a diversified way. We expect the company's performance to continue to grow, so we expect it to grow.
Maintenance of the “buy-in” investment rating. 1) Risk of significant price reductions for products; 2) Copper mine expansion and reptiles below expectations; 3) Gold mine expansion and reptiles at a slower pace than expected; 4) lithium carbonate capacity construction at a slower pace than expected
Period; 5) political risk of mining overseas; 6) exchange rate fluctuations leading to higher costs; 7) environmental safety and risk of natural disasters, etc.
Chinese University of Hong Kong, Master of Science in colour and new materials research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.