During the Ningde era (300,750), performance exceeded expectations and long-term benefits went to good certainty Events: companies issued their third quarter report in 2022, achieved by the company in January-September 2022
Performance is higher than expected and profit levels continue to rise. Company q3 operating income is $97,369 million, corresponding to +23,447 per cent, ring + 51.45 per cent, net return to mothers + $9,424 million, equal-scale effects + continued to fall, and the profitability of the main business continues to improve.
The company ' s profitability is considered to continue to rise in the context of accelerated delivery + continued low price: (1) power and storage cell output is high and the total quantity of company ' s q3 batteries is expected to be above 90gwh, with storage cells around 18gwh and power cell single wh net gain of 0.07 yuan.
On the other hand, the scale effect has been further developed, with a double gain, with batteries expected to deliver around 300gwhh throughout the year; (2) large storage surpluses have continued to fall, and most low-price orders should have been delivered, with revenue-cost errors, total equity/flow (millions of shares)
The pattern has improved considerably, returning to a reasonable profit margin, and we measure the total market value/flow (millions) of the storage energy cell unit, and the amount of income such as authorization/licensing (as a percentage of battery income) will contribute in a significant way.
The profitability of the company’s main business continues to rise, with both technology leading and technology leading. In the Ningde era (300,750), Lithium Power is strong, and research and development leads + resource end-charts are expanded across the board, with long-term quantitative benefits moving towards greater certainty.
In the end, continuing to lead industry change. Corporate R & D manufacturing is leading, client groups are of significant quality and breadth, and the market position is further stabilized. The global market for company power cell loads was 39.3 per cent in August of the year, a record one-month high.
Following the release of the BMW-type heavy weight, the company recently seized the BMW new generation series of batteries, orders, large cylinder routes, and demonstrated its research and development power, efficient R & D + maximum manufacturing guarantees, long-term brand premiums and cost advantages.
(c) Full expansion of the resource end map to promote long-term decline: the company ' s upstream resource end-to-end layout, the IYi Chun Lithium mining is proceeding steadily, as planned, and the lithium resource layout is expected to accelerate; recent acquisitions
A 24.68% share in the leopard industry, a coded cobalt and nickel resource, and a steady rise in the self-supply of metal resources, optimizing supply chain stability and cost-control capabilities, with long-term quantitative benefits well-defined. Investment advice: companies outperform expectations and maintain high levels of profitability over the long term.
Performance exceeded expectations, long-term quantitative benefits were more certain than expected, and the sea-going process was less than expected  profitability projections and financial indicators:
It's over-expected, long-term profit to a certain level.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.