q3 Performance exceeded expectations and profits continued to improve Events: Companies released three-quarter reports in 2022, with operating income of $21.34 billion in the first three quarters of 2022 Ningde (300,750.sz)
q3 is more than expected. The company q3 returns a net profit of $9,424 million to the mother, an increase of 41.2 per cent in the ring, \triangleright includes a partial retroactive adjustment in the second quarter, and the real three-quarter power and storage battery Maori rates have improved.
With regard to power batteries, the outlook for the four-quarter period was accompanied by a restructuring of the price linkage mechanism, the company expected the q4 profit ring to be consistently better, the three-quarter Maori rate had been restored to double-digit levels for energy batteries and the rate for new land projects had improved.
Saturated capacity is used to start overseas. Three-quarter battery system sales are around 90gwh, power cells are about 80%, overseas customers are targeted for future progressive release, Europe has 18.1% penetration in January-August 2022, the United States is about 6.8% penetration rate for new energy vehicles overseas.
The company’s global power cell usage rate is 35.5%, with a strong leader. Production expansion is high, and in July the company plans to build the Jinning New Energy Battery Industry Base project; and in August, the company’s Hungtooth Production Plan, with a 100gwh master plan, is expected to begin construction this year and is expected to begin this year.
In 2024, a partial release was planned in September for the construction of a production base in Luoyang, with investments of not more than 14 billion dollars, and the company’s leading position in the lithium battery industry.
Risk factors: the need for new energy vehicles does not meet the expected risk; the risk of a change in lithium battery technology; the risk of over-anticipated fluctuations in the price of materials; environmental and safe production risks, etc.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry.
The Voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector, Hu Ying, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People's University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, was a Research Assistant in the Workforce for Securities and Mechanics in the Henging Industry and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, 2022, and became a research assistant in the new electricity system and electrical equipment industry, Chen Shujie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, 2022, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, 2022, in the lithium electric materials industry.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business that the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.