A strong recommendation (maintenance) for the first three quarters of the Ningde era (300,750.sz) performance forecast rating: q3 performance over-expected, global layout contributing to growth
Li Zh Cheo’s high profile in the new energy automobile industry has led to a significant increase in the size of the company’s power cell. The company is constantly pursuing the industry’s leading product solution by keeping pace with the opportunities for the development of the new energy automobile industry at home and abroad.
A strong basis for a substantial increase in corporate sales is provided by the intensification of market openings and the build-up of pre-distribution capacity. According to sneresearch data, the size of the company’s powered batteries in January-August 2022 was 31.1gwh, an increase of 112.9%.
For power batteries, on 9 September 2022, the company entered into a framework agreement with the BMW Group for the supply of cylinder batteries.
The agreement provides that the company will supply BMW with new cylinder batteries of a standard diameter of 46 mm each year from 2025. With regard to storage of energy batteries, the company entered into a cooperation agreement with flexgen, the United States storage company, on 21 September 2022.
On 21 September of that year, the company's collaboration with flexgen on the battery storage energy system exceeded 2.5gwh, while on 5 September 2022, the company formally signed a pre-purchase agreement with the Hungarian city of Debressen to build a battery plant with a planned capacity of 100 gwh in Debressen, where the first plant will be located.
Work began during the year to further improve the global industrial chain layout. The Ningde era (300,750.sz. ): In addition, the company actively promoted the construction of Bump integrated industrial parks and improved the battery material supply chain.
According to the Network of Company Officials, on September 27, 2022, the company Bump Integrated New Energy Industries Park Bump Age Project began work. The company Bump Integrated New Energy Industries Park invested $32 billion in a combined market value of 202,105.31
A key link, such as phosphorus mining-materials-pre-drives-orthodox materials-cell recycling, connects the battery to the whole life-cycle industrial chain in the field of deep-dry lithium, global power cell pilot.
The start of the Bump Age project will be effective in improving the supply capacity of the company’s upstream materials, building supply chain resilience, and further enhancing the company’s resource security capacity. The company’s future development.
New energy cars are sold less than expected, domestic epidemics are repeated, and prices of raw materials are extremely volatile.