Events: 8 December 2022, the Ningde era announcement that the company will move to the Ningde era in 2024-2030 (300,750.sz)
Honda is expected to supply 123gwhh power cells, and Beijing will procure lithium ion battery module products from the company and sell them to Honda’s China Associates, which continues to expand production capacity, both within and outside the country, and has a strong leader.
\triangleright domestic market, where companies build new production bases in Jinning and Loyang; in the European market, where companies add 100 gwh to production planning in Hungary and expand production capacity in the United States through joint ventures.
We believe that there is still much room for increasing the penetration rate of new energy sources in overseas markets like Europe, the United States, etc., and that the Ninder era, as a power cell leader, is expected to continue to benefit. Storage energy operations have gradually become the second largest growth in corporate performance.
With 12.7 billion yuan, a 171% increase in the same year (a 160% increase in power cells), the storage market is expected to grow rapidly in the year, and the company’s output is expected to increase significantly. At the same time, it is expected that the new storage capacity project will contribute to a gradual improvement in the Māori rate, which is expected to continue to be strong in the future.
Risk factors: the need for new energy vehicles does not meet the expected risk; the risk of a change in lithium battery technology; the risk of over-anticipated fluctuations in the price of materials; environmental and safe production risks, etc.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry.
The Voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector, Hu Ying, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People's University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, was a Research Assistant in the Workforce for Securities and Mechanics in the Henging Industry and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 and was responsible for research in the new electricity systems and electrical equipment industry. Chen Jie, member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 and was responsible for research in the lithium electric materials industry.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business that the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.