The three-quarter review of the Ningde era (300,750) in 2022, event: the three-quarterly edition of the Ningde era in 2022, with $21,340 million in revenues in the first three quarters of 2022, Huang Soo Yo.
The profit ring of 2022q3 continued to improve. Growth in the size of corporate business, output and sales in the first three quarters of 2022 led to a significant increase in revenue, with some of the higher prices of upstream raw materials leading to higher profitability compared to 21 October 2022.
The q2 Māori ratio and q3 are not directly comparable. With the continued release of material capacity in the last two years, most upstream material prices have the potential to decline further, while companies and most new consumer battery products are emerging and leading the industry.
Three quarters of R & D costs $10,577 million, an increase of 130.18 per cent. Sodium battery systems, released in June, have achieved a new global level of integration, with a total increase in shipping continuity, fast-filling, safety, longevity, efficiency and low-temperature performance.
In consultation with some of the users of the vehicles, official production is expected in 2023, with a steady increase in global city occupancy and continuous breakthroughs by overseas customers. The company’s power cell system sales in the third quarter are around 72gwh. According to sne data, the company’s global power cell load market was 39.4% in August.
The company plans to invest in a battery plant in Hungary, with 100 gwh capacity planning, which is favourable for overseas production.
Reservation performance has grown rapidly, and the q3 Mäori ratio has improved. Global storage markets have grown markedly since this year, with firms operating faster, selling about 18gwh in three quarters.
The company’s portfolio is well-placed, and the demand for large and household holdings is growing rapidly. The three-quarters Māori ratio has returned to double-digit levels, the Māori rate for new land projects has shown a positive trend, the company’s leadership is strong, and the profitability is expected to improve marginally and keep pushing.
The risk of falling demand for storage energy products; the risk of falling Maori rates as a result of large increases in raw material prices; increased risk associated with competition in the city; and the risk of overlap between new products and new technologies.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.