The power reserves are both powerful, and the lithium taps are firmly in place.
The power cell city share is increasing the income ring. The power cell capacity of the company's layout is gradually released, and the load is rising steadily. According to sne data, January-August 2022, the company's global power cell load was 102.2gwh, yoy+114.7%, accounting for 35.5% of the city.
The company’s global loading capacity in August was 18gwh, with a market share of 39.3% and a market share of 6.7 pcts. The company’s global power cell tap continued to grow.
The storage market has grown by more than 200% for two consecutive years. In September, the company announced a partnership agreement with the United States storage technology platform and solution provider, flexgen, to supply the latter with an advanced storage energy product of 10gwh over a three-year period.
An agreement with the U.S. utility and distributed photovoltaic and storage energy developer, Primergysolar, to provide single-source batteries for the Gemini photovoltaic and storage energy project. The project plans to invest a total of $1.2 billion and deploy 690 mwac/966mwdc solar panels and
1.416 gwh storage system, which will be completed as one of the major photovoltaic storage energy projects in the United States. Sodium electric products are about to be produced. The company's sodium ion batteries are scheduled to be produced in official quantities next year.
There is a gap between long-lived lithium batteries and traditional lithium batteries; the product model depends on the needs of the customer, and the output expands faster. The cost advantage of sodium batteries is further highlighted at a time when lithium carbonate prices are high.
The decline in the q3 Māori rate is the main reason why profits are not growing at the same rate as revenues. Company sales of 22q3 are higher because of the price of some of the upstream raw materials. As product prices such as lithium carbonate move down, future Māori rates are expected to continue to recover.
Investment advice: There is still a vast market space for electric cars and storage power in the company’s products. As the global champion of lithium batteries, companies have significant advantages in technology leadership, product quality, customer resources, industrial layout, brand influence, cost control, etc.
One, the company's evaluation of the Ningde era. In addition, the company's continued deployment of new energy mineral resources and upstream materials, no. 2, mid-2022 investment policy in the new power sector.
Slight: Policy warmth, technological innovation for the future _ 220630 3; company review _ the Ningde era (300,750) _ risks of industrial policy changes; the upswing of upstream raw materials is too large to be transmitted downstream
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Worked at the Arizona state headquarters and Beijing branch in the United States (Christensen) and worked as a customer director for financial counselling (ir) and marketing.