"Indirectly holding the share of the leopard industry, deepening the upstream integration layout.
The company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Sichuan Times, signed an investment framework agreement with the Luoyang National Macro Investment Holdings Group Ltd. The company intends to replenish the Sichuan era with 100% of its shareholding in the Luoyang Group.
Meningde will be the second largest shareholder in the Luoyang industry, working together to deepen the new energy metal layout. The Luoyang industry is the world’s largest producer of tungsten and the second largest producer of cobalt and thorium, and the top five producers of tungsten.
Molybdenum producers and leading copper producers, who indirectly hold 30% of the nickel-cobalt stake, the nickel smelting, and the refining power. Previously, the kfm had transferred 25% of its holdings to the new power source of the Ninder era, the world's largest and highest-grade copper-cobalt mine.
First, it contains more than 620,000 tons of copper and 3.1 million tons of cobalt. This entry into the Qinyang molybdenum industry helped to secure the company’s supply of cobalt and helped to build a resilient global supply chain system with the resources of the excellent platform of the Luoyang industry.
For cobalt resources, the company indirectly holds 24.5% of the share in the leopard industry and shares 25% in kfm, and for lithium resources, a subsidiary of the company.
The right of prospecting for ceramic soil (with lithium) in the mining area, with an estimate of more than 6 million tons of lithium equivalent carbonate; Ningde, share of Pilbara, deployment of overseas lithium resources, and the establishment of Sichuan Kande, through a joint venture between the corporate divisions of Sichuan Age and Skydom Mining, to develop the resources of the Sichuan lithium mine, which we expect will be laid out.
With regard to nickel resources, the company plans to invest $111 million (49% of the shares) in the Indonesian nickel development project in red-earth Indonesia.
The delivery is expected to be around 105gwh, q3 production close to 100gwh, 40% ring increase +, we expect the price to rise further in the second half of the year, the storage rate is still low at 6.43% in the first half of the year, q3 is expected to recover significantly in the second half, and the overall power and storage ratio is expected to rise by the end of this year.
Effective association, given the company's effective distribution of lithium and cobalt on the resource end, and especially the effective release of lithium next year, Māori rates are expected to rise further next year, with a clear profit point and a long-term expectation of stable Māori rates.
When this deal is completed, the company will become a fully-owned subsidiary of the Sichuan era, in which Sichuan will indirectly hold 24.68% of the shares in the Luoyang industry.
Ninder will be the second largest shareholder in the Luoyang molybdenum industry, working together to deepen the new energy metal layout. The Luoyang molybdenum industry is the world’s largest producer of tungsten and the second largest producer of cobalt, zirconium and the world’s top five producers of molybdenum and leading copper producers, and currently operates mainly on five continents, Asia, Africa, South America, Oceania, and Europe, with a positive addition to the new energy collars.
The local resource industry chain, which indirectly holds 30% of the nickel-cobalt stake over the dollar, has arranged nickel smelting capacity. Earlier, the kfm had transferred 25% of its holdings to the new energy source of the Ninder era, one of the world’s largest and highest-grade copper-cobalt mines, containing more than 620,000 tons of copper metal and 3.1 million tons of cobalt metal.
The sub-entry into the industry will help to secure the company’s cobalt supply, and will help to create a resilient global supply chain system by co-locating the global new energy-related metal resources with the resources of a high-quality platform in the industry. The continued up-scaling of resources to secure the future supply chain.
24.5 per cent of the industry, with 25 per cent participation in kfm, and lithium resources, the company's subsidiary, with an offer of $865 million from the ISP, successfully engaged in the exploration of ceramic soil (with lithium) in the mining area of IYe Fong, Jiangxi province, with an estimated lithium carbonate equivalent of over 6 million tons; Ninder shares, Pilbara, with the deployment of lithium resources from overseas, and through the subsidiary Sichuan era and Tengo.
With regard to nickel resources, the company plans to invest $111 million (49% of shares) and Indonesiaantam in the development of the Indonesian Redscopic Nickel. The deep layout of Ninder’s industrial chain will help to secure its critical resource supply and further increase its profitability and cost advantages.
The power q2 profit point, the q3 reserve can make a big profit, and the profit recovery is strong. Ninder's 22h1 output is expected to be about 105gwhh, q3 production is about 100 gwhh, with 40% ring increase, and we expect to be around 80gwhh, all year round, the company's location of lithium and cobalt at the end of the resource, especially the effective release of lithium next year, and the Māori rate is expected to rise further next year.
Corporate technology, cost, customer leadership, and long-term patterns are determined, and the global market share is expected to rise further. Ningde-era technological innovation leads industry trends, 23 years of thorium battery production, manganese lithium discharge, sodium small batch, ab battery load; supply chain systems are well developed and cost advantages are evident, enhancing recovery and resource end layout; and maximum manufacturing capacity is complete.
In the long run, Nender maintained its main supply position among the vast majority of domestic customers, with a projected 45-50 per cent share of the domestic market; the European market, based on German construction, planned a new 100gwh requirement in Hungary, but the company has entered into a global strategic partnership with Teslafor Principal Motors, with a strong comparative advantage in the future of the United States market.
Other markets, such as Japan and Korea, are still expected to make breakthroughs; even though they are small, companies are now the main suppliers, and in the long run the company is expected to achieve nearly 40% of its share in power cells. Energy panel companies are equally technologically superior to size, and we expect to see this year’s speed as a new growth point. We expect the company’s power + storage capacity to reach 1 twh in 25 years, with a long-term leader.
Three major financial forecasts from the Ningde era have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) by Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd.