Rehabilitating profitability, increasing municipal ownership and deepening overseas cooperation Investment rating: buying (maintenance) of batteries, repair of storage power batteries Māori ratio, development of new technology at a cost of more than 10 billion layouts
We expect the company ' s q3 lithium battery to deliver about 90gwhh, ring + 55%, of which the power cell is about 75gwhh, or 83%, and the storage battery is about 15gwh, all showing steady growth. The quarterly price increase dates back to the unadjusted portion, is not fully comparable, excludes retroactive factors, and moves three quarters.
The price of a company compared to its 300-deep Māori ratio is actually rounded up in the second quarter, with a return of q3 to a two-digit Māori ratio, which is expected to double throughout the year. In addition, the company ' s q3 R&D cost is $4.81 billion.
R & D costs are 4.9 per cent, and the cumulative R & D costs of the last three quarters have exceeded 10 billion, and the company is now fully engaged in upgrading the volume of battery technology and loads such as ion, m3p, condensation, cobalt-free batteries, full solidity, non-wealth metal batteries, and deepening overseas power storage project cooperation.
According to the sneresearch, the company ' s total capacity for the first eight months was 102.2gwh, compared to +114.7%, with 35.5% of the city, the world ' s largest, with 39.3% of the city in August, creating a single-month calendar and a single-time high. The company continued to deepen its overseas cooperation, the power side, and established strategic cooperation with Ford ' s vehicle.
Yes, cooperation covers the supply of power cells in China, Europe and North America, where the company intends to build a battery plant in European Hungary, and with regard to storage energy, where the company has entered into a cooperation agreement with the United States energy storage technology platform and solution provider flexgen, which will supply the latter with 10 gwh's capacity over a period of three years.
Products, with an agreement with the U.S. utility and distributed photovoltaic + storage energy developer, Primergysolarllc, to supply batteries exclusively for the gemini photovoltaic + storage project, which, when completed, will be one of the largest photovoltaic storage energy projects in the United States.
The company is the world’s leading power cell and storage supplier, with increasing competitiveness, considering the expected smooth realization of the company’s electricity tank price hikes, and the ongoing repair of profitability, and we give the company back in 22/23/24.
The raw materials were higher than expected, battery prices were higher than expected, and industry was less advanced than expected.
“New Energy in the World of Huaanan Securities — Corporate Review — Ningde Quarterly Review — Cost escalation performance pressure,” 2022-4-22.
"New Energy in the World's Securities _ Corporate Review _ Ningde's Mid-Year Report evaluates the performance of higher prices above expectations.
Hua-An-Secret New Energy and Automobile Research Group: Covering New and Automobile Industries General People's China, Teco Electronics. Song Wei-jin: Five Years of Automobile Industry Research Experience, Master's Degree, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Fields of study cover passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, covering new energy.
Source and traditional vehicles. Niejie: Master of Economics and Finance, University of New South Wales, formerly in the Department of Credit and Approval, Bank General, one year of industry research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.