Winch shares (300498): keep a steady line of stock, a livestock-breeding and related business.
The multi-regional group of modern agro-pastoral enterprises is mainly involved in the price of pigs, which rises in an unstoppable way, and in the up-to-date cycle, which has a positive impact on the country’s pigpest, the country’s pig-producing capacity, poultry farming and related activities.
Continued contractions, supply and demand gaps have been released, and prices of pigs have been rising faster than expected since March, keeping them up to date. Corporate pig-breeding operations have been booming since the second quarter and will continue to be profitable as pig prices rise significantly. There is currently no effective vaccine in the market, production capacity has not recovered, and prices are expected to continue to rise.
By 2020, the average price of a pig would be 23 yuan/kg. According to the company’s 24 million head out, 115 kg would be heavy, and 13.5 yuan/kg at full cost, the company’s profits would be $26.2 billion.
With the African swine plague, companies have effectively managed to control the impact of the epidemic, using their strengths in source and disease control. The company’s productive bio-assembly of 3,281 million yuan, with an increase of 0.7% in the ring, is recovering.
By 13.7%, more than half of the year's goal has been achieved. The epidemic has accelerated the withdrawal of small and medium-sized households, raising industry thresholds and concentration. The firm's steady production and growth will continue to drive up the city's share and drive the company's goal of 70 million (10%).
Animals are caught with both hands, improving the layout of the poultry industry in many ways. To benefit from the business landscape and the alternative logic of demand, the yellow feather chicken price continues, the company seizes the opportunity to actively expand production and achieve a full rise in volume prices, and in the first half of the year, the sales of chickens were 394 million, an increase of 17.51%, and the sales of ducks were 178.4 million, an increase of the same.
The prices of pigs have been at an all-time high, and the prices of yellow feathers and chickens have been year-round, driven by demand. The company’s meat industry has been improving, with the acquisition of the Kyoto poultry industry, in terms of variety, in the white chicken industry; and it has been actively developing wholesale retail outlets in the industrial chain to increase the proportion of the sale of slaughter.
The company continues to build a complete multi-culture ecosystem and improve its risk-response capabilities.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of poetry and poetry in the East.
M.A. in Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry, focusing on the sub-sectors of livestock farming, feed protection, pet food, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Wen's shares (300498) have risen steadily in stock, and that the farm carrier has been able to travel safely without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.