q3 has improved significantly with the continuous upgrading of the product client structure
q3 overall performance is positive and q4 is expected to increase. With good policy incentives, the q3 automobile industry is rapidly warming, the company’s main customers have improved considerably. One of these – the Toyota + 59%/+ 5%, the Toyota Honda + 22%/+49%, most of the winning industries, the company q3 overall table.
In terms of sales, q3 front lights, post-combined lamps, and small lights sold respectively, 196/41.0151 million Māori rates are slightly lower than expected, and q4 performance is expected to continue to improve as the ratio of high-value-added products rises.
See, there is still room for improvement in the penetration of the front headlights of the Led; in terms of functionality, the products of smart car lamps such as adb, atmosphere lamps, grid lamps, cross-cutting taillights, dlp, etc. have become new trends, leading to an upgrade of the rest, the 21-year company car of the car of the company of $112/only, and the 17-21 cagr of 14.2 per cent are projected to be used in the country by 25 years.
The market will be more than $100 billion in size, with a four-year capr of 19%, of which adb will grow at a significant rate of 53% and space is significant, and corporate car bill prices are expected to continue to grow as the penetration rate of high value-added products rises. Client maps are expanding, and new energy sources are on the rise.
There are 22 H2s and the client structure is improving. The technical barriers in the carlight industry are high and the market is more concentrated, with a global cr of 66%, with the company ' s domestic share of about 14%, ranked second. The company has accumulated 22 years of research and production experience and is a home-grown brand with fully autonomous technology, compared to foreign firms.
The Division has a more obvious cost advantage and an advantage in home-grown services, and its profitability and capacity expansion are much higher than that of its competitors, and there is still much room for increasing future market share as the company ' s high value-added product billing accelerates.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no.