The company is going to buy back shares to motivate it, and it's going to recommend an autonomous headlight, and it's going to study it.
The company's announcement: The company's announcement on the repurchase of shares in the company by means of a centralized competitive transaction is proposed to buy back at not less than $60 million.
The duration of the repurchase is not to exceed 12 months from the date of consideration by the company’s board of directors for the adoption of the buy-back scheme. The company’s current repurchase is intended to be used for the implementation of equity incentives and/or employee holding schemes, which will facilitate the creation of a community of destinies and events for companies, shareholders, core staff, full mobility of core staff, greater employee cohesion and company competitiveness, greater investor confidence in the company, and promotion of confidence in the company.
The company’s long-term, sustained and healthy development. The country’s car perspective: Starwoo is on a high-start, flexible, long-duration light track, taking steps towards high-end (Japanese, High-end German), globalization (Serbian plant) and actively opening up head autonomy and new power in the larger context of the rise of autonomous brands and new forces.
New customers, long-term logic. With the long-term potential of global lights, we maintain a profit forecast, with a profit forecast of 22/23/24 for the company to issue a notice on repurchase of company shares in the form of a centralized competitive transaction and to buy back shares for equity incentives and/or employee holdings.
60 million yuan and not more than 12 million yuan for the implementation of equity incentives and/or employee holding schemes. Repurchase prices do not exceed the RMB 150 purchase price cap simulation, and repurchases do not exceed 12 months from the date of consideration by the company’s board of directors for the adoption of the buy-back scheme.
In the view of the conglomerates and the business community, which are fully motivated to mobilize core staff, enhance staff cohesion and corporate competitiveness, enhance investor confidence in the company, promote its long-term, sustained and healthy development, we believe that equity incentives and/or employee ownership schemes are being implemented by companies in their current positions, mainly on the basis of the following considerations:
1) Stock prices have been more revalued and valued at a higher value than 60 billion at the end of last year. The company’s business has been continuously improving from over 30 billion dollars in high market value to 37.5 billion (2022,1292), the company looks forward to the development of new energy vehicles, and its access to new energy customers and related projects has continued to increase. In the first half of 2022, the number of new energy vehicle projects undertaken by the company was about 40%, and high-quality new projects have provided strong guarantees for the company’s future development.
3) Stimulating the motivation of R & D personnel in the form of equity incentives, while at the same time substituting equity payments, to a certain extent or to a lesser extent, for the expansion of R & D. Companies undertake regular equity incentives/employee ownership schemes from the start of the market, almost once a year in 2012 - 1999, and we have been collating the historical stock dynamics of the company.
At the end of the industry, the technology trend is towards digitization and intelligence. In front lights, with the spread of Led front lights, the front lights turn to adb,
With regard to post-combined lamps, there is a clear trend towards a cross-cutting, post-combined lamp, which increases the size of the vehicle's tail lights, makes the whole vehicle more beautiful and secure. With regard to small lamps, the internal atmosphere is a different point of growth, owing to the needs of consumers.
At the end of the company, the product dimension enhances new technology development applications, and the customer dimension continuously increases the start-up of new energy vehicle-type projects. The product dimension enhances new technology development applications.
Iso standard project “Roadvehicles-anti-fogcoatingfor externalighting application-specifications” was approved for release; high-resolution digital lamps were developed successfully and obtained c-ncap high ratings; and the development of front lights for “all-Cutting One” was advanced, with large product sizes and high electronic technology and process requirements, raising smart lights.
An interactive experience of car-to-car, man-to-car information; and an increasing exploration of front-line technology and car-to-electronics-related business by the Starwood Institute. Figure 6: The first Iso standard project in the domestic automobile lighting industry, initiated by the Starwood stock, has a client dimension, and companies continue to scale up new energy vehicle-type projects.
In the first half of 2022, the number of new energy-car projects undertaken by the company was about 40%, and the quality of the new project provides a strong guarantee for the company's future development. Currently, the company's clients cover a single-voltage, upper mass, upper-air, Daimler, German BMW, General Motors, Toyota, Hiroshima, Toyota East, Hiro Honda, Toyota Toyota, Changfumi, Chang Amada, Red Flag,
One car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car, one car.
On February 16, 2022, Changzhou Starlight Co. Ltd. and Hua Tsang Ltd., China, hosted a signing ceremony of the Chinese letter of intent on cooperation in light-line smart and light-car-car-car operations. Under the agreement, the two sides will use their respective advantages to win and benefit from each other, with the objective of serving global customers, and will work together on a strategic partnership for sustainable development in the area of smart-lights.
Taking into account the end-to-end capabilities of manufacturing delivery, leading the development of the smart car lamp industry, competing for sustainable leadership of smart car light system solutions in industry, and other business collaborations in the area of smart vehicle lighting, the dlp projector and adb lights are, in our view, increasingly entering the market, both as an opportunity and a challenge for the traditional lights industry, with the industrial chains working together.
This is particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the carlight industry, where companies such as Stars, in collaboration with upstream chips, software algorithms, and based on their own advantages such as traditional structural design, optical and electronic design, are expected to continue to take the lead in forward product development and development, widening the gap between the branding of other autonomous cars in the country.
Figure 9: Signing of the letter of intent on behalf of the two parties Mr. Lin Hsien-kun and Mr. Liu Xing-King. Investment proposal: long-term potential for global headlights, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating, steps towards globalization (construction of plants in Serbia) and active head-breeding in the larger context of the rise of autonomous brands and new forces
Comparable company valuations: we have selected the same import substitution logic as Burtley, Kobuda, the leading soundproofing company, which is also the core of the chain of carlights industry, and the Business Top Group, which conducts comparable corporate valuations (comparable market value levels or close to the business area), with three comparable companies averaged around about the industry core risk in 2023; the domestic market climate continued to decline; and the risk of annual drops and price volatility of raw materials.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject