The net profit has increased by about 75% in the first three quarters, and the net interest rate has risen by 3.4 pct.
Xuxia, company announcement: Changzhou Starlight, Inc., issued an announcement on the main operations in the third quarter of 2022, company's third year in 2022.
Quarterly performance is good. Preliminaryly, the company achieved an increase of about 30% in its operating income in the third quarter of 2022, with net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increasing by about 75% in the same year. Currently, the company operates in normal conditions, and its operations are proceeding in an orderly manner. 1) According to company announcements, in the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved an increase of about $5.938 billion, or 4.9%.
Billion dollars, or about 30 per cent of the year-on-year increase, 39.9 per cent of the year-on-year increase, about 296 million net return-on-year gains, or 75 per cent of the year-on-year increase), and the acquisition tax policy has stimulated the expectation that company performance will improve on a quarterly basis; (2) customer dimensions, July 2022, with a Toyota-on-one share, the year 2021 was awarded the Competitiveness Enterprise Award.
With new clients at the front end, the industry chain is working together to expand the capacity circle, construction abroad is steady, long-term logical, short-term absence cores are not changing industry needs, companies have long-term global motorlight potential. Given the impact of the second half of the epidemic on the company’s downstream customers, we lower profit forecasts, revenue collection and net profits, according to the company announcement, in the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved about $5,938 million in operating income, an increase of 4.9 per cent.
For 100 million yuan, or about 30 per cent of the increase in the same year, the ring grew by 39.9 per cent, with a net profit of about 296 million to the mother increased by about 75 per cent of the increase in the same year, the ring increased the sales side of the lamp, the output side of 220.3 million headlamps, post-combined lamps, light volume of 201/41.0.8 million headlamps, the same side of the same year +52.3 per cent/+35.9 per cent/+39.2 per cent, the change in the ring side +38.6 per cent/+29.9 per cent/+46.9 per cent, the sales side of the 22q3 headlamps, post-combined lamps, light of the light side.
Overall, the company performed well in three quarters, which we consider to be related to the recovery of the public ' s sales volume of 03, the solar system and the new output of autonomous brand clients, which is expected to improve on a quarterly basis as a result of the acquisition tax policy. 202203 core customers, Toyota sales are growing at the same rate, and according to the Sino-Association sales data, one populist is equal to 65%, ring to 24%, one Toyota is equal to 44%, ring to 28%, and one red flag is equal to the other.
+14 per cent, Ring + 18 per cent, Upper Volcano and Autonomy + 23 per cent, Ring + 59 per cent, Broad Car + 71 per cent, Ring + 118 per cent, Wide Leaf + 40 per cent, Ring + 22 per cent, Chiré + 92 per cent, Ring + 69 per cent, Japanese and East Cob + 9 per cent, Ring + 61 per cent, q3 by car + 37 per cent, Ring + 13.8 per cent, q3 1 Volcano, Toyota, Wide Car, Wide Leafron and Broader, Chirry sales were also overperforming, followed by a purchase tax + 37 per cent.
A sustained improvement in corporate performance is expected to be expected as a result of the policy stimulus. Figure 7: Annual comparison of annual growth rates of vehicle/car fleet production and shareholding growth rates in Starwood, Figure 8: Quarterly comparison of productivity increases in automobile/car fleets and rate of growth in shareholding in Starwood
In July 2022, the Toyota Award for Competitiveness was awarded, and the Toyota Award for Competitiveness was awarded in July 2021. Minister Lee Changchun of Toyota Purchasing is here to present the Award. Minister Lee Changchun congratulated the Toyota Award for Competitiveness and gave him a high-quality development.
According to Minister Lee, he is expected to work with toyota in all aspects of chip management, cost, quality, and qcdss to innovate, work together. In the current harsh market environment, he is able to face challenges, seize opportunities, prepare carefully, plan carefully, innovate, break rules, work together, and win both sides.
Figure 9: The Toyota Award for Competitiveness 2021 awarded to the stockholding: 2203 companies perform well, have long-term global vaning potential, maintain a “buy-in” rating Investment proposal: short-term dimensions, three-quarters company performance robust, which we consider to be in line with the popular three-quarters resumption of production, solar system and autonomous brands
Clients' new projects are relevant, and the acquisition tax policy has stimulated the expectation that company performance will improve on a quarterly basis. The medium- and long-term dimensions, new orders from Starwoo shares plus new products plus new products will protect performance. The client's dimensions, the current Toyota and the Japanese system are happy to work together (take the next Toyota “Competition Enterprise Award”, the Hiroshima Toyota Research and Development Co-operation Award, the Quality Winners, etc.), are now in the hands of new forces (incoming, peng, ideals) and head autonomy.
(a) The system of suppliers of branded clients (Gili) has acquired projects. In the first half of 2022, the number of new energy vehicle projects undertaken by companies accounted for about 40 per cent, while the quality of new projects provided strong guarantees for the future development of companies, production dimensions, phase I, II and III of the company ' s smart manufacturing estates have been completed and put into operation, the overseas Serbian plant has been steadily advanced, and the European mainframe project has entered the production phase from 2022;
Product dimensions, continued penetration of adb (the penetration rate rose from less than 2 per cent in 2019 to 6 per cent in 2020), as new technologies, such as dlp projector lamps and adb lamps, were brought to the market, new technology development applications were enhanced, high-resolution digital lamps were developed successfully in the first half of 2022 and received a high c-ncap rating, and companies continued to promote the acquisition of carlight projects, such as adb headlights, dlp headlights and climate lights, and other car intelligence projects, on a case-by-case basis.
In 2023, companies are expected to move forward with the release of car-type orders plus overseas plants and products from the +db industry (Japanese, high-end German), globalization (Serbian construction) and to actively explore new clients of head autonomy and new power (smallness) in the larger context of the rise of autonomous brands and new forces.
Comparable company valuations: we have selected the same import substitution logic as Burtley, Kobuda, the leading soundproofing company, which is also the core of the chain of carlights industry, and the Business Top Group, which conducts comparable corporate valuations (comparable market value levels or close to the business area), with four comparable companies averaged around about the industry core risk in 2023; the domestic market climate continued to decline; and the risk of annual drops and price volatility of raw materials.
“Sung-woo Shares (601799.sh) - New technology for forward-looking lights, keeping new orders in hand” - Schedule 2022-03-16: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author