22q3 performance meets expectations, and the global landscape is expanding its capacity to deliver.
Ring ratio - 2.58 pct, further enhanced cost control capacity, sales/management costs/R & D costs/financial fees, $135 million for R & D, an increase of 37.35 per cent over the same period, and higher innovation, mainly in R & D salaries
The company is expected to reach a point of performance, driven by a multilateral drive of “product upgrading + customer expansion + capacity expansion.”) Guo Yumong, Research Assistant.
End of product: sales of 22q3 front-lights, post-package lamps, fog lights, etc. increased rapidly, at 1.96 million / + 47.7%, respectively, supporting performance on a continuous basis. Led front-light upgrades to adb further increased the value of the front-lights, with the company taking on a new project order of approximately $13.5 billion in 2021, including adb pre-filtration
Projects such as lamps, dlp headlights, and carlight controllers.
The company's product structure will continue to upgrade up. 2) Client: The company's clients continue to expand, and new energy-making “new power” projects, such as Ping, Ideas, 22h1, have been established on the basis of the original German, Japanese, American and other systems, such as BMW, East Wind, General Motors, Daimler and others.
The number of new energy projects has reached 40%. As sales from core clients, toyota, Jili, Red Flag, etc., have risen, the number of corporate orders is expected to continue to rise. 3) Energy end: the company’s productive capacity continues to expand, actively opening up global markets.
The heart has been built and put into use; five phases of the smart manufacturing industrial park have been built, and the future expansion of capacity will drive the company to repair its performance by holding on to hand orders. In addition, Serbian factories abroad started working in 2020 and were built well. According to company announcements, the project from the European mainframe has been in production since 2022.
Based on the Serbian factory, the company will gradually open up the European and even global lights markets, bringing an important increase in the company’s long-term growth. Multilaterally driven, the company is expected to come to a point where it can perform. \triangleright
The company, as a leading domestic car-light company, is expected to enjoy a valuation premium and maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright’s methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.