Twilight Flying Biologicals (300122): Autonomous Agent Double Wheel Drive, with sustained rapid growth in performance 7 November 2018 Medical Organisms
The exclusive ac-hib vaccine is in rapid release. The company ' s ac-hib vaccine has a significant advantage in the low number of vaccinations, low negative reactions, and high value for money, and is officially on the market at the end of 2014, with rapid release in 2015 and coverage in 2016.
The event affected the suspension of batch issuance, normal sales were re-established in 2017, and rapid release was maintained in 2018, with 6 million batches expected to be issued throughout the year. The market space for the triple seedlings is in the market for replacement and additions to the single seedlings, ac-hib.
The Hpv vaccine is in short supply and market space. The company’s sole agent, Mossatón, has a stock price performance (the last year).
Officially approved domestically in May and April 18, with nine-priced vaccines on the market, it is clear that the target population of the Hpv vaccine is expected to reach 300 million and the market space is huge. The company and Mercerton signed a new base purchase of 4+9 hpv in the first half of the first half of 2019-2021.
Net profit gains of about $5 billion, supermarket expectations. The company’s main sales of Hpv vaccine for 18 years are currently in short supply, with a year-round distribution of 5 million: the 9-priced Hpv vaccine is expected to be released quickly in 19 years and become new.
Five-priced rotavirus vaccine is on the market. Mercerton five-priced vaccine, a company agent, has recently been officially marketed, and it has a significant advantage over the single-priced rotation vaccine that is being sold in the country.
The market for the former domestic round vaccine is about $1 billion and the vaccination rate is low. Five-priced rolls, with their significant product advantages, combined with strong marketing power, are expected to quickly capture the market share and expand the incremental market to become a new company.
• Research and development pipelines are abundant and heavy-pound varieties in the field of nodules are on the market. The company is producing a large number of products, including a 15-priced pneumonia vaccine, a double rabies vaccine, etc., of which the diagnosing reagent and microcards for prevention in the area of nodules have been included in the priority review, and it is hoped that this will be achieved
In 2019, it was officially listed, and it was well-known. We are a large country with tuberculosis infection, with a potential market space of 10 billion dollars, and the company's microcard for prevention is expected to become the world's first tuberculosis epidemic, and the company's new heavy-pound product will become marketed.
1. The large private vaccine industry, with its rich and productive growth, was launched in 2002 into the biological industry by Chongqing Ji Fei Bioproducts Inc. ("Twisfing Bios").
In September 2010, it was listed as the first private vaccine company to be listed on the business board, with four fully-owned subsidiaries, including Green Bamboo, Ji Feilongkoma and a participating subsidiary, a bio-high-tech company that combines vaccine research and development, production, distribution, and export and import operations.
The company’s equity is concentrated and stable. Chiang In-sheng, Chiang Feng and Chiang Hee-sheng are now acting as co-actors.
(b) Three other shareholders, Wu Hongjiang, Liu Tieh Eagle and Chen Yongfeng, together held 13.90 per cent of the company's shares.
• Founded Chongqing Ji-in, “ac multi-sugar vaccine” and “acyw 135 multi-sugar vaccine”, which was developed autonomously.
Autonomously developed Hib vaccine is on the market.
• Establishment of a smart-flying port, a Chinese science-scientific-flying agent, and the issuance of a four-priced Hpv vaccine — cooperation with the American Health Signing Strategy
• Write-off of the nine-priced Hpv vaccine
The company currently has four fully-owned and a participating subsidiary. Of these, Quinoa is mainly involved in the development, production and marketing of bacterial vaccine products, mainly for the prevention of meningitis and pneumonia; and Quixing is mainly involved in the development, production and marketing of nuclear biological products and vaccines for the prevention of rabies, influenza, etc.
Ji-hwan is mainly involved in the sale of generic medicines; the Jian Fung Port is mainly involved in services such as the import and export of goods, bonded storage, etc. Investment Limited, established for 10% of company participation, for incubation and nurturing of promising biotechnology and products in the form of equity investment, targeting mainly neoplasms (e.g. mono-resistant, car-t, etc.), metabolic diseases, cardiovasculars, etc.
1.2. Corporate product structure. Corporations have a wide variety of vaccine products, including both autonomous R & D and proxy promotion products.
The company ' s autonomous products include the ac-hib III vaccine, the acyw 135 cerebral multiple sugar vaccine, the ac-combined vaccine, the haemophilus influenzae type b, the haemophilus influenzae combination vaccine and the microcarda; the proxy extension products include the four-priced Hpv vaccine, the nine-price hpv vaccine, the five-priced rotavirus vaccine, the 23-priced pneumonia vaccine, the live A hepatitis vaccine and the frozen dry A vaccine.
Starting in 2015, the company’s own seedlings ceased to be produced and all vaccines were sold as type II. Starting in 2013, the company’s own product revenues and Māori revenues rose rapidly to 70.93 per cent as a result of the four-priced Hpv market circulation.
The share of Māori rose accordingly to 54.20%, and the net profit was around $150 million. In 2016, as a result of the negative impact of the Shandong vaccine incident, there was a significant decline in corporate operating income and net profits.
The company ' s performance during the reporting period was dominated by its own vaccine product, represented by the ac-hib III vaccine. In the first half of 2018, it benefited from the rapid release of the agent ' s four-priced Hpv vaccine, generating business income of 2,072 million yuan, an increase of 365 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 682 million yuan over the same period.
The vaccine industry has grown rapidly and the domestic market has been reshaped by a re-engineering of the 2.1 vaccine industry.
The World Health Organization survey shows that there are currently 26 vaccine products in the world that can prevent infectious diseases. From a health-economic perspective, the cost-effectiveness of using vaccines is 1:2 to 1:27, which is to invest $1 in vaccinations, saving between $2 and $27 in health costs. In recent years, the global vaccine market has grown rapidly, with 2010 globally.
The size of the vaccine market was $25,113 million, growing to $46,137 million in 2016, with an annual compound growth rate of 10.68%. Global vaccine markets have few competitors, with stable patterns of competition, with four major corporations, led by Mercerton, Pfizer, GranzoShick, and Sénofie, occupying 84.30% of the global market, and the global vaccine market structure is oligopoly.
Vaccine practice in our country is relatively early, but it is relatively late to industrialize. The first type of seedlings is free varieties, larger batches, low unit prices, relatively low profits; the second type of seedlings are self-financed, highly profitable, and are dominated by domestically produced products, which have had a greater impact on the overall size of the market since 2010.
In 2017, apart from the introduction of heavy-pound vaccine products from abroad, domestic vaccine research and development also entered the harvest period, the vaccine market for category II gradually recovered and the total volume of total vaccine issuance in 2017 amounted to 577 million doses, an increase of 5 per cent over the same period, with one batch of seedlings falling by 2 per cent over the same period and another 24 per cent over the same period.
The vaccine industry has the following characteristics: first, there are higher barriers in the industry. Vaccines, as a biological product with a longer research and development cycle, themselves have higher barriers in the industry and are oriented towards different clinical needs, and competition is easier and easier.
In particular, a number of multi-priced vaccines, benefiting from a good policy environment for health reform, are in line with future vaccine developments and are expected to take up the market quickly. Second, the Māori rate is high. Prices of seedlings, type II seedlings are more market-oriented than those of the first type. Good competitive patterns in the market make vaccine producers available.
There is better pricing authority; following the Shandong Vaccines case, the State amended the Regulations on Vaccine Circulation and Preventive Vaccination, establishing systems such as the “one vote” and the “retroactive cold chain” for running vaccines, eliminating the distribution of vaccines, increasing the price of vaccines at the factory, and thus increasing the Māori rate in the vaccine industry.
In other words, vaccine use has a lower negative response rate than drugs, and has a better disease prevention effect, with wider application; and the end-point for the distribution of vaccines is the end-point.
The district centres for disease prevention and control have unlimited procurement requirements for vaccines, which are easy to achieve. As people ' s standard of living improves, there is also a greater awareness of vaccinations, especially for the prevention of some major diseases, and therefore the penetration rate will continue to increase.
In March 2016, the Shandong Police uncovered 570 million dollars worth of illegal vaccines, which were shipped to 24 provinces and cities without a strict cold chain of storage. Following the case of illegal vaccines in Shandong, the State amended the Regulations on the Distribution and Prevention of Vaccinations.
This has led to fundamental changes in the modes of procurement, distribution and distribution of services such as vaccines, which have established systems such as a “one-vote” and a “retroactive cold chain” that require vaccine enterprises to adjust and adapt as quickly as possible, resulting in poor flow channels for the distribution of vaccines, which in the short term has had a significant impact on market sales.
As a result of the Shandong vaccine incident, the vaccine industry has been reshaped. This is reflected in: first, the increased cost of the vaccine industry. Under the country's revised Regulations on the Administration of Vaccine Distribution and Preventive Vaccination, the vaccine industry is required to adopt a system of “retroactive cold chains” with a standard of 2-8°C.
As a result of new policies, such as the "provincial tender" and the "Access Control Sector No More Prices" proposed in the consultation draft, companies are under new pressure to sell. Secondly, the vaccine industry has become more concentrated.
Small, poorly controlled enterprises will also be phased out, while large, regulated enterprises are expected to take advantage of the opportunities to expand their market share. The Regulations place higher demands on vaccine-distributive enterprises, which face new pressure on their production and marketing and higher industry thresholds.
In this context and in the context of the enormous negative impact and impact of the industry, whose safety is at stake for the human health of the population, the industry as a whole will have to move towards stricter oversight and industry thresholds will be further raised, and the vaccine business, which will combine the development, production, marketing, extension and distribution of a single vaccine, will be able to develop a single vaccine.
Intelligent organisms construct a comprehensive, integrated business model that is not merely rich in product lines, capable of autonomous R&D production, but also self-promotion, with mature cold chain distribution systems. An integrated business model provides strong support and guarantees for the long-term development of companies.
3. The exclusive ac-hib vaccine is fast-growing and long-term. The company ' s ac-hib III vaccine was created in 2003, the application for production of a clinical trial was completed in July 2011, and was approved for listing in April 2014 and placed on the market on 30 December of the same year.
In the case of children, the complete immunization process requires 4 doses, which can prevent diseases associated with group a, group c meningococcus and type b hemorrhagic b. The company ' s ac-hib combination vaccine, compared to the regular ac brain vaccine and the hib vaccine, has fewer vaccinations.
Accumulated adverse response risks are low, reasonably priced, and high value for money. 4 traditional ac combination vaccinations (base 3, plus one) and 4 hib vaccinations (base 3, plus one), i.e. 8 vaccinations are required for the entire immunization process, while only 4 vaccinations (base 3, plus one) are required for the ac-hib combination.
In terms of the price of vaccinations, the cost of ac-hib triple vaccine is $1184 per person (end price 296 per dose) and, in case of separate vaccinations, ac-group combined vaccines and ahib vaccines are both type II vaccines.
The end price is 146 dollars, eight needles will cost $1168, and the cost of the vaccinations is not very different, and the ac-hibs are clearly of a higher value for money. As the company’s exclusive product, the triples have a clear pre-emptive advantage in the domestic competitive pattern, with market occupancy rates.
High. Currently, only the ac group of haemophilus influenzae hemophilus influenzae type b of Roewe Biopharmaceuticals Ltd. has been registered for production in conjunction with the vaccine, while the other triple seedlings have only been clinically cleared with less competitive pressure. Currently, heb vaccines are issued in batches of approximately 12 million per year, or about 3 million; ac combined vaccines
There are about 6 million batches per year, or 1.5 million. Currently, the number of newborns in the country is about 17 million per year, the penetration rate of the hib vaccine is about 18 per cent, the penetration rate of the ac combined vaccine is about 9 per cent, the penetration rate is still low, and vaccination rates are expected to increase further in the future as people become more aware of preventive health care.
The market space for the ac-hib vaccine is the replacement of the Hib and ac-combined vaccines and the associated incremental market.
On the basis of the above data, we estimate that ac-hib triple seedlings will generate a net profit of about $2.1 billion, contributing about $1 billion. The company issued $4.886 million in 2015 for the ac-hib triple seedlings. On March 18, 2016, the industry broke out.
In the case of the illegal operation of vaccines, which has had a significant impact on market sales in the short term, the company’s sales of vaccines have declined sharply, with 222,000 doses issued. In 2017, the company was fully involved in the marketing of the ac-hib triple vaccine, issuing 4.704 million copies throughout the year. From 2018 to date, 480.55 million doses of the ac-hib triple vaccine have been issued.
It is expected that six million batches will be issued throughout the year. 4. Heavy pound agent market space is huge, with 4.1,4 and a nine-price Hpv vaccine released rapidly.
Cervical cancer is the second largest female death rate after breast cancer, with half a million new cases of cervical cancer worldwide every year, with 275,000 deaths, and 100,000 new cases of cervical cancer per year, accounting for one fifth of the world ' s cases.
The world’s first cervical cancer vaccine, the four-priced hpv vaccine (gardasil), was marketed in 2006, the world’s first vaccine capable of preventing cancer, with global sales in the second year of listing amounting to more than $1.4 billion.
The second-priced Hpv vaccine (cervarix) produced by gsk was placed on the market in 2014, but because the preventable Hpv virus subtype was smaller than the gardasil, the sales were far less than the latter, but also at the £100 million level, with a peak sales of £500 million. In 2014, the most recent nine-priced Hpv vaccine was placed on the market, making it possible to prevent hpv in the current Hpv vaccine field.
In 2016, the global sales of Hpv vaccine exceeded $2.2 billion, and it is expected that the overall sales of the blank market will continue to grow at a faster rate. Chart 17: Cancer in the top 10 cases of women in 2015 (in thousands)
It is now clear that the continued infection of hpv is a necessary factor for cervical cancer. There are currently more than 100 Hpv viruses found that can cause reproductive tract infections, divided into two types: high-risk and low-risk, with high-risk Hpv infection causing cervical cancer. Of these, Hpv-16 and Hpv-18 are the most common types of Hpv.
The data show that approximately 75% of cervical cancer worldwide is caused by these two Hpv sub-infections. Internal fluid pathology data show that the highest rates of Hpv infection among women in the country are 16, 52, 58 and 18, respectively. There are currently three Hpv vaccines on the global market, four of which are listed in the same order of listing.
The main differences between the three vaccines are the difference between their prophylactic subtypes, the two high-risk subtypes Hpv16 and 18, which are more than 70% related to cervical cancer, and the four-priced Hpv vaccine in Mercado.
The Hpv vaccine is more prophylactic in Hpv6 and 11 subtypes, which are closely linked to the sharp humid aphids, and are common among male patients, so the four-priced vaccine can also be used for male vaccinations. The nine-priced vaccine, based on the four-priced vaccine, adds five subtypes to the Hpv31/33/45/52/58 vaccine, covering almost 90% of the total.
There are some companies in the country, such as Chengdu, Watson Organisms (Shanghai Tsai) and Ximen Wantai, which are now conducting clinical trials for Hpv vaccines.
Menvantai, two manufacturers of Hpv vaccine entering the ii bed in September 2014 and June 2015, respectively, have not yet reached the end of clinical trials. Chengdu's four-priced Hpv vaccine has just entered the i trial in September 2016 and is still incomplete.
It is too early to go to the market when a clinical application for a nine-price hpv vaccine is made. It is therefore expected that the four and nine-price hpv will be in a position of absolute advantage in the domestic market over the next few years, allowing for rapid release. As the sole agent of Murjon, the agent for the Hpv vaccine will bring revenue and profits to the company.
According to the United States cdc, by the beginning of 2018, 79 countries worldwide were integrating Hpv vaccines into national immunization plans, mostly economically developed countries and regions. Given the high health economic value of Hpv vaccines, we expect more countries and regions to be integrated into national immunization plans in the future.
As the United States included Hpv vaccine in nip in 2007 and covered by various commercial health insurance, the ratio of Hpv vaccine was 65.1 per cent and 56 per cent, respectively, and in the 19-26-year-old adult population, the ratio of women to men was respectively, since the preventive effect of the Hpv vaccine was best for women who had not been infected with the Hpv virus and was therefore 25 years old.
The penetration rate is highest among young women, but it is decreasing as age increases. Currently, the price of Hpv is $798 per vaccine price, while the price of Hpv is 1298 per vaccine price, based on three doses of Hpv per vaccine, and the price of Hpv is around 2400 per person and 3900 per person per vaccine.
According to data from the National Statistical Office for 2016, there are about 100 million women aged 16-26 years, and this group of women is more inclined to receive a 9-priced hpv, which we calculate on the basis of a range of penetration rates, bringing the country ' s 9-priced Hpv vaccine stock to 15 million people, with a penetration rate of 15 per cent, or around 3900 at the current winning bid.
The sex vaccination is 4-price hpv, which we calculated on the basis of the country ' s 4-priced Hpv vaccine stock market, with space reaching 20 million people and 10 per cent penetration, at the current winning price of 3 needles at around 2400 dollars, and the 2012 exclusive agent Hpv vaccine agreement between the company and Mercado, 2 September 2017.
The Additional Agreement to the Supply, Distribution and Common Extension Agreement was signed on the basis of the original agreement, which further clarified the procurement duration and quantity of the four-priced hpv: $542 million for the base purchase in June 2017-2021, and a new base purchase agreement for the four-priced hpv and nine-price hpv vaccine in June 2019-2021.
The total value of the price base procurement was $4,631 million, while the total value of the 4+9 price base procurement announced at this time amounted to $18,022 million. The 17-year base procurement and 18-year base procurement have been in a state of oversupply since the end of the 17th year when eligibility was granted, and the domestic market is in a huge space, and we expect the company to complete the base successfully.
Procurement agreements, which are expected to continue beyond market expectations in the future. 4.2 The advantage of a five-priced Rotavirus vaccine is evident. Diarrhoea is the second leading cause of under-five mortality, with approximately 525,000 children under five years of age per year.
The virus is the most common cause of severe diarrhoea in children around the world. The virus can cause 10 to 20 cases of diarrhoea in a single day, and if it is not treated, it causes rapid dehydration.
Who has data from the Global Rotavirus Surveillance Network, that about 36% of children under 5 years of age who are hospitalized for diarrhoeal diseases are infected with Rotaviruses after testing. Globally, Rotavirus causes almost 40% of serious diarrhoeal diseases, resulting in about 600,000 deaths per year, 85% of which occur in low-income countries.
Every year, about 10 million infants and young children suffer from rotavirus-infected gastrointestinal inflammation, about a quarter of all children under 2 years of age, which is the leading cause of severe diarrhoea among infants and young children. In 2009, WHO recommended that all countries should include a rotavirus vaccine for infants in their national immunization plans.
The seedlings have been introduced in 90 countries, with global coverage estimated at 25%. There is now widespread global use of rotaix vaccine produced by GlaxoSk and rotateg produced by Merk, and the only thing on the market in the country is serotype-induced rotavirus gastroenteritis, which is a subtype that can be prevented compared to the single-priced Rotwe vaccine in Lanzhou.
More, and with higher protection rates, according to data published by the World Health Organization, 93 countries have integrated oral rotational virus vaccine into their national immunization plans by January 2018, yet China has not yet included a single-priced oral rotation virus vaccine, Rotwe.
In 2017, Rotatek and Gsk sold $686 million and $675 million, respectively, to rank among the top ten vaccines in global sales. As oral transmissible virus seedlings were introduced into the United States immunization programme, their vaccination rates rose, and according to WHO, US oral rotational diseases in 2016.
The rate of vaccination against poison is 73%, which has been stable in recent years. So far, the Land of Lang, which is listed in the country, has a single price of Myung Lotwei, estimated at 4.84 million doses and a terminal price of 172 yuan per dose in 2017. The size of the domestic market is nearly 1 billion yuan.
State agencies issue about 1.6 million copies per year, which results in an estimated 9% coverage of the country’s oral rotavirus vaccine, which is at a low level and is expected to increase further in the future. The multi-priced rotavirus vaccine is more widely protected than the single-priced rotavirus vaccine and has a clear competitive advantage.
Currently, several vaccine companies in the country are developing multi-priced oral rotavirus vaccines, the most advanced of which is the triple-priced regenesis vaccine in Lanzhou, which has been requested for production at the review and approval stage. In addition, Wuhan's six-priced re-viral live vaccine has been approved for clinical treatment and is in the clinical stage of ii; the remaining companies are in the process of becoming clinically active.
So, in the next few years, a five-priced virus vaccine from JBI will have a favourable market playing field in the domestic market. Meshadong’s five-priced virus vaccine is much more preventable than the single-priced virus vaccine from the state of Lan.
We expect the product to quickly take over the market and fill the gap in the country’s multi-priced virus vaccine.
In the range of $280/agents, the price of single-person vaccinations was $840/persons on the basis of three vaccinations, with a net interest rate of approximately 15 per cent; according to the estimated annual number of newborns at 17 million, based on vaccination rates of 5 per cent, 10 per cent, 15 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively, the company ' s association with Mossadon ' s mercantine plant in the United States was limited on 5 June 2012.
On 9 July 2018, the company issued an announcement specifying the contract for the purchase of a five-priced virus vaccine:
5.1 Investment in R & D continues to increase, and in the growing abundance of research products, smart-flying organisms are acting as vaccine agents, and after many years of investment and accumulation in R & D, companies have established a well-established R & D system, currently with nearly 250 R & D staff, investing nearly 100 million yuan a year in R & D pipelines and stocking them in R & D pipelines.
Multiple heavy-pound varieties, including a 15-price combination vaccine, a 23-price multi-sugar vaccine, a two-fold rabies vaccine, and a group are expected to be on the market every year, ensuring the company’s long-term rapid development. The company’s fastest-growing recombinant nodule-combined protein (ec) and cow-substance vaccine (preventive microcard) are in the declaration stage, and the cow fractions are in the process of being declared.
The vaccine is expected to be officially marketed in 2019 as a priority selection for inclusion in the special approval process. 5.2 The nodule field is well configured and heavy-pound products are listed, i.e., tuberculosis is a chronic infectious disease caused by a combination of branch bacterium, which can intrude into a large number of organs and infects the stomach.
Tuberculosis is one of the world ' s most prominent infectious diseases, and according to the World Health Organization ' s Global Tuberculosis Report 2016, there were about 10.4 million new cases of tuberculosis worldwide in 2015, of which about 1.4 million died of tuberculosis, while 400,000 people living with HIV died of tuberculosis.
China is a large country with tuberculosis, with about 550 million people infected with tuberculosis. In 2015, there were 860,000 new pulmonary patients in China, accounting for 8.27% of the global population, with a morbidity rate of 63.42 and 100,000.
The incidence of infectious diseases is second in number; in 2015, there were 2,280 deaths from tuberculosis, with a mortality rate of 0.17 per cent and a mortality rate of 100,000, which is the second highest in category AB. The 2014 World Health Assembly Strategy to End Tuberculosis calls for a 90 per cent reduction in tuberculosis deaths and an 80 per cent reduction in the incidence of tuberculosis by 2030, on the basis of 2015.
As one of the countries with a high global tuberculosis burden, the prevention of tuberculosis is now well developed in the field of nodule products, with ec diagnostic reagents and microcards for prevention being declared and expected to be marketed in 19 years; frozen recombinant tuberculosis vaccine being clinically tested in i; and cascuella pure protein
The company’s products are abundant, well-structured, and its future prospects are high in the nuclear disease market. There are currently two types of detection methods that are widely used for tuberculosis diagnosis: the ppd test and the gamma-combustine test.
The test has been in place for more than 100 years, with a low and high pseudo-positive rate; gamma-combustion is a new tuberculosis branch; bacterium infection diagnosis technology is high, but expensive, and detection techniques are more difficult.
The microcard is the company’s exclusive product, and the current approved adaptive condition is a two-way immuno-regime, which can be used as a combined drug for supplementary treatment of tuberculosis. As the microcard expands to prevent end-of-end adaptive disorders, the future microcards.
The market space can be further expanded in three areas: (i) vaccinations: vaccinations for less resistant children, middle- and old-age people, increasing resistance: (ii) therapeutic prevention: high-risk population of cyto-tuberculosis for screening of ec diagnostic reagents: (iii) supplementary treatment: supplementary treatment for tuberculosis patients, which can be shortened.
Chart 35: Microcard Adaptive Expansion Treatment Prevention • Tuberculosis Patients
Inoculation of children, middle-aged persons for the ec diagnostic test.
The agent sifts out, high resistance, intratonium tuberculosis.
The number of people currently infected with tuberculosis in the country is about 550 million, assuming that around 20 per cent of them will be diagnosed with tuberculosis.
Screening will reach around 110 million people. Assuming that the price of the ec diagnostic reagents is 50 yuan, based on penetration rates of 6 per cent, 8 per cent, 10 per cent and 12 per cent respectively, the use of the ec diagnostic reagents will be 6.6 million and 8.8 million, respectively. Preventive microcard vaccination procedures will be one dose per two months, for a total of 6 doses, and the factory price is expected to be around 300 yuan.
At present, there are about 550 million people infected with tuberculosis, 10% of whom have a higher incidence of tuberculosis and 55 million at risk. If the vaccination rate is estimated at 1%, 3%, 5%, and 7% respectively, I will benefit from the rapid release of products such as the company’s autonomous triple seedlings and the agent’s heavy-pound Hpv vaccine.
1) Risk of less-than-expected sales of core products: The marketing of type II vaccines involves audience recognition and dependency issues, and a number of factors can have a certain impact on the marketing of corporate products. 2) Risk of new products being approved at a slower pace than expected: companies are well-stocked, but due to vaccine research and development tools
There are large inputs, long cycles, high risks, and obstacles at any point in the process of registering for vaccine research and development will have an impact on the development and efficiency of the product. (3) The safety risks of the vaccine industry: the vaccine industry is an industry of interest to public opinion, historically due to individual epidemics.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for the customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but we have reported it.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.