M.B. (300122) Pharmaceutical biology sales and R & D, heavy weight product-driven performance outbreak, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Recommended logic: companies' domestic vaccine champions for R & D and marketing capacity, with high-speed growth in heavy-pound output: 1) home-grown products: ac-hib triple seedlings are being released, supply and supply of tuberculosis control products are in short supply, peaks are net profiting at $3.5 billion, five-priced rotating vaccines at $500 million.
A vaccine has significant social and economic benefits, and it is a strategic sector for the country, the front line of disease prevention. Vaccines are the country’s most innovative drug industry, with heavy weights, Hpv vaccines, 13-price lung.
In China, the industry is extremely strong in the era when new vaccines are on the market. The company is the leader of the vaccine industry, and through its own production + agents, the company owns a share, and the company is on the market for three coils, which are about to be marketed for ec diagnostic reagents and micro-card products from tuberculosis imitation.
Restocking of product ladders, company performance is on the rise. • Self-production: Triple and Tuberculosis Control are 1 billion-volume heavy-pound products. oc-hib IIIG: on-going, 1 billion net profit-level heavy-pound varieties; Nodules Prevention Product Line: first-ever worldwide, 1 billion net profits
• Agency: Hand-held Mersardon, hpv, and five-rate wheeled vaccine-driven companies have broken out. The company’s sales network is the strongest in the country, and the strategic collaboration has become “Mershardon China.” The 4/9 price Hpv vaccine, which will grow at a high rate in the last five years, will have a net profit of 3.5 billion. The five-priced round vaccine, which is expected to be on the market at the end of the year, will have a net profit of 500 million.
There are more than 10 products in the company, of which there are still many heavy-pound products. 15-priced pneumonia combined with vaccine: the country’s highest price, 1.5 billion net profit-making grade products. Double-digit rabies vaccine: 500 million net profit-level products after 4-5 years.
The Division has established a smart investment in the future, a strategic layout of biopharmaceuticals and cell therapy. Values vary greatly, and we believe that the reference for relative valuations is of little significance.
The three main self-produced and two agent varieties were valued at $94.3 billion, giving the company ' s target a market value of $94.3 billion, corresponding to 2.
4. Smart Flying Organisms (300122): Nodules vaccine is proposed to be included in a first review for 3 billion grade heavy weight products 5. Smart Flying Organisms (300122): 9-price hpv vaccine
The city ' s performance over the next three years will be much higher than expected: the company ' s core product, ac-hib, is expected to sell 5 million, 7.5 million and 9 million seedlings, respectively, for the period from 2018 to 2020, of which pre-encumbrance sales will be 5 per cent, 25 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively, and the overall Māori rate of home-grown vaccines will be significant.
The market is divided over the Hpv vaccine space and sustainability. We believe that the industry will maintain a high rate of growth over the next five years, and we believe that the industry will continue to grow at the same rate.
When we measure the domestic stock market and the incremental market space separately, we judge the net profit space of the stock market by $29-38 billion, and the market believes that the company’s product ladder is weak. We believe that the company is looking at a rich stock of products, with a variety of priorities and directions: 1) and then it is on the market, 500 million net profit-level products; 3) smart investment: the strategic layout biopharmaceutical, which already has three monocrystals.
The company’s performance is higher than expected. The market value of billions of dollars, given the wide variations in the valuations of different comparable companies, is considered to be of little relevance to the reference for a relative valuation.
The risk of a vaccine event in the industry or a drop in industry’s income, the risk of a heavy weight product being marketed or sold at or below the expected date, and the risk of sales being sold at or below the expected level, such as triple seedlings. The risk of short-term effects on vaccine companies’ production, circulation, and inoculation cannot be ruled out by the country or a series of policies that will be put in place to restructure the industry.
Relationships are at risk of being suspended or cancelled.1 Sales and R & D combined, leading vaccine companies with emerging performances were established in 1995 and listed in 2010, as well as the supply and availability of highly powerful domestic private biological vaccines.
One of the service providers. The company has been focusing on the development of vaccines and biological products, featuring self-distributed products, the brokering of imported high-quality vaccines, and the gradual formation of a large, wide-covering, deep-end network for the sale of vaccines. The company’s market is mainly in the second type of vaccine. The main products that are self-distributed are the ac-hib III vaccine, acyw 135 flu multi-sugar.
Vaccines, ac-combined vaccines, haemophilus influenzae b-combined vaccines and microcards.
Introduction of affiliates, Ji Fei Hong Kong for overseas business outreach, Chi-jin Bio for pharmaceutical marketing, and wise investment in research and development investment platforms for companies that strategically deploy therapeutic biopharmaceuticals. The company’s first shareholder and actual control is Jiang In-sheng, Chairman and Managing Director, with a direct share of 54.13% plus his son.
With 5.4 per cent of the shares in Chiang Ling Feng and 0.83 per cent of the shares of his brother Chiang Xingsheng, the three shareholders together total 60.36 per cent. The second largest shareholder, Wu Chongjiang, one of the founders of the separation, held 9.54 per cent of the shares, plus 3.81 per cent of his wife, Liu Tie Eagle, held 13.35 per cent of the shares.
In 2016, the industry was affected by the Shandong vaccine incident, and the State Council enacted a series of new deals, such as the purchase of Type 2 seedlings through the provincial public resource trading platform, which led to a significant decline in corporate income and net return earnings.
By 2017, the vaccine industry began to recover, and the superb company began to promote the self-researched exclusive ac-hib 3-mode, and the company ' s revenues and performance began to break out, yielding 1.34 billion yuan in 2017, or 20.1 per cent of the year, and a net return profit of 480 million yuan, or +1299 per cent of the year. In the first half of 2018, the growth rate continued at a high rate of 2.07 billion yuan.
366.4 per cent net return to the mother, with an increase of 298.2 per cent over the same period, showed a super-epidemiological performance. 1.2 Self-incurred + agent, with the company owning the most abundant share of vaccine product lines, currently selling 11 varieties. 1) Self-incurred: the main products are ac-hib triple seedlings, four-priced cerebral cerebral glucose epidemic.
Hmong, ac-combined vaccines, hib-combined vaccines, microcards, etc.; 2) Agent Mercerton products: the company provides support for the import, storage and promotion of Meshadong’s distribution of disease seedlings in the Chinese district, and acts as a permanent partner and agent for all products in mainland China.
Hepatitis vaccine. 3) The protocol promotes the introduction of a frozen dry A vaccine for Pukang in Zhejiang. Self-production + agent. Product ladder abundance: ac group of meningocococcal (combined) b influenza type haemophilus influenzae (combined) joint vaccine (hereinafter: ac-hib \triangleright).
Triple Meadows: National exclusive production, whether or not Lui Wei bioprogram production has been made, Olynnium has been approved for clinical treatment, but it is still more than four years from the market. The number of batches issued in 2017 increased by 2018.5%, to 4.704 million, which is positive and high, and there is still much room for the company to produce its own core species.
Acyw 135 cerebral glucose vaccine (hereinafter: 4-priced cerebral vaccine): Six enterprises in the country produce ... while \triangleright also faces a combination competition and competition from groups a, ac, etc., with a downward trend in the overall distribution of batches.
\triangleright hib combines vaccines: six companies in the country are producing multiple replacements, with a downward trend in the industry.
At the end of the year, nine prices have just been approved and are expected to be on the market at the end of the year, while at the end of the year, only two-priced vaccines are on the national market for gsk, whose products are either low or slow, and we expect that Hpv vaccines from corporate agents will remain exclusive in the country for more than two to four years, and that the industry is beginning to erupt as a core group of companies.
Oral 5-priced Rotavirus vaccine: the tenth heavy-pound product sold globally, sole agent of a company, single-priced EPV vaccine in Lanzhou, will remain exclusive for the next 2-4 years, and the industry is starting to erupt, and it's public.
The 23-priced pneumonia vaccine, the frozen dry A liver reduction vaccine, and the sterilized A hepatitis vaccine: current industry demand is stable. Microcard: an exclusive product, a drug for tuberculosis treatment, is now declared a preventive tuberculosis vaccine, has completed three spare beds, has been declared for production, and there is great space for the future, and it is a company potential variety.
The company started with an agent vaccine, and by 2008 it earned more than 80% of the agency ' s revenue. With the company ' s own hib combined and ac combined vaccines on the market, the company ' s own vaccine revenue rose steadily, reaching 34% and 50% respectively in 2013 for its own-own vaccine seedlings and Māori. In 2014, the company developed a single pound product, ac-hib, for many years.
The MND was approved for listing, during which time the industry was affected by the Shandong vaccine incident, which led to the company ' s MND outbreak only in 2017, with the MND rising to 74% and Māori 84% respectively in 2017. Since its agent ' s Hpv vaccine was officially on the market in late 2017, proxy operations have evolved into the company ' s main receivers.
Figure 11: Māori structure of the 2018h1 company (in millions of yuan) According to the main subjects of the business, Beijing has a green price of home-grown vaccines, and Chi Feilong Koma is a home-grown therapeutic biological product. The mid-2018 report shows that Beijing has achieved RMB 540 million in income, a net profit of RMB 250 million, a net profit of about 47 per cent and a net profit of about 47 per cent for the mother.
37%. Non-Beijing smart-flying green bamboo (mainly agent business) contributed $1.51 billion, net profit of $430 million, net profit of about 28%, net profit of mothers of about 63%, taking into account that Hpv vaccine is the agent ' s principal, i.e., the net profit of Hpv vaccine is probably around 25%. 1.4 From agency to autonomous research and development, corporate product ladders are rich in reserves.
While acting as an agent, the company also attached great importance to R & D investment, with nearly 100 million yuan in 2017, leading the industry, with 49.8 million yuan in R & D in the first half of 2018, representing an increase of 44.9 per cent.
The Ministry of Science and Technology's 863 Plan “Modern Medical Technology” project, the Ministry of Science and Technology's major new drug initiative, the National New drug initiative project, and 13 national and provincial ministerial projects.
Potential varieties, such as tuberculosis vaccine, double-priced vaccine for Songnee ' s dysentery and double-digit rabies vaccine, rich production ladders, fully guarantee the company ' s continued high growth for more than five years. Table 2: The company ' s work on product ladders
Two vaccines are like foreign innovations, and domestic entry into the age of new vaccine release has significant social and economic benefits for the strategic industries of the country.
The vaccine retains the pathogen irritant properties of the animal immune system, but it is not pathogenic, and the post-inoculation immune system produces protective substances such as specific antibodies, immunosurgeon factors and active substances, thereby acting as a resistance to pathogenic bacteria and preventing infectious diseases. The vaccine has significant social and economic benefits for the national strategic sector.
Social benefits: Vaccines are the most effective means of preventing traditional diseases. For a country ' s strategic industry, many countries, such as the United States, have included vaccines in the strategic security inventory: 1) the medieval black death rate, which has taken one third of Europe ' s people. The global polio eradication programme of the era has so far left more than 5 million children free of paralysis.
Economic benefits: The social cost of effective disease prevention is much lower than the cost of treating the disease, while vaccine development applications are described as one of the most highly rewarding forms of investment: cdc data from the United States show that if the cost and productivity of treatment from disease are taken into account, the cost-benefit ratio (cbr) is used to accurately measure the economic value of vaccines, cbr is available in the vaccine industry.
1:16-44, i.e. $1 investment, would yield benefits of $16-44. 2.2 The global burden of vaccine products, combined with the four giant companies, has benefited from the development of global public health and the growing human awareness of disease prevention, and the global vaccine market has developed 10.
The global vaccine market, which, according to the statista analysis, is close to $40 billion in 2016 and is expected to continue to grow at a rate of around 10 per cent over the next four to five years, could rise to about $60 billion by 2020, with a surge in the ultra-pharmaceutical sector. Geographical distribution: the global vaccine market remains dominated by North America, accounting for 62.9 per cent of the global market.
After Europe, 18.8 per cent, compared to 18.3 per cent in other regions, the current market is relatively small in Asian markets such as China and India, but there is considerable scope for development as a result of the growing birth rate and population base of newborns. According to the Kaloma information system, China ' s vaccine market could increase by 10.8 per cent over the next five years, well above the United States.
In terms of competing firms: due to the high barriers to the vaccine industry, large firms are clearly in the vanguard of production techniques, quality control and \triangleright as product R & D, and it is difficult for SMEs in general to enter the mainstream vaccine market.
The global vaccine market is now dominated by large pharmaceutical companies, with four giant companies (Senofibasd, GlaxoStick, Pfizer, Mercado) accounting for nearly 90 per cent of the world ' s markets, and the top 10 seedling varieties of the world ' s vaccine sales ranking in 2016 came from these four multinational giants.
Over the past decade, growth in the global vaccine industry has largely benefited from the market for a range of high-quality and innovative vaccines, the top 10 vaccines, including four multi-priced vaccines and three multi-collateral vaccines, with the contribution of traditional vaccines declining. In 2016, the 10 best-selling vaccines were sold at more than $500 million a year, with a total sales of $16 billion, or more than 40% of the total global vaccine sales.
2.3 The vaccine is the country's most innovating industry, with heavy pounds of products. The love of parents for their children is the greatest love in the world. The health of children is the most important concern for parents. Parents don't hesitate to pay for vaccines for their children.
Vaccines (the world’s king of vaccines, for children under 2 years of age) are sold at a much higher price of 23 valent multi-sugar vaccines (for adults and older people) than $4.1 billion in the second year of their listing. We consider vaccines to be the country’s most like foreign innovative drugs, mainly: 1) a good product pattern: vaccine research and development
Production is extremely difficult, with the world’s strongest regulation; 2) high capacity to pay: parents are extremely willing to pay; 3) high profitability: home-grown vaccines have a net profit rate of 40-50% and innovative medicines have a net interest rate of more than 30%. According to the latest periodic reports of listed companies, vaccines have become one of the fastest growing subdivisions of the pharmaceutical industry, none of them.
2.4 Looking back at the history of the vaccine industry in the 3.0 era in which China has entered new vaccines, we believe that the domestic vaccine has gone through a class of seedlings (lack of medical care and medicine, mainly carried out by the six major companies under the umbrella of the Chinese National Corporation, mainly to develop and produce a class of seedlings that the State procures for free supply and achieves self-sufficiency)
So far, 75 preventive vaccines have been approved globally to prevent more than 40 diseases, 50 vaccines have been issued and we can produce 46 vaccines on our own, and China has become a major vaccine industry.
Of the major vaccines, the only vaccines produced in the country are hepatitis, and given the fact that the domestic production of multiple seedlings, 13-priced pneumonia, and Hpv vaccines are on the market, we believe that the domestic vaccine industry is entering its third stage of development, the 3.0-year era, the era of new vaccines.
Vaccines, approved 2015-2016; 2) Nationally produced multi-spirited seedlings: ac-hib-triple, 100 white crack-hib-triple; 3) 2-priced 4/9-priced cervical cancer vaccine: domestic marketed in 2017-2018; 4) 5-priced virus vaccine: mid-2018: 5) 4-priced influenza vaccine: approved in the second half of 2018: 6) third-generation rabies vaccine (two times per person): projected
Listed at the beginning of 2019; 7) national 13-priced pneumonia vaccine: expected to be marketed at the beginning of 2019.3 Self-produced triple seedlings and tuberculosis control are both 1 billion-volume heavy-pound products.
3.1ac-hib triple seedlings: A 1 billion net profit grade heavy-pound species a group c of meningococcal (combined) b influenza type haemophilus influenzae (hectonic) joint vaccine (hereinafter referred to as ac-hib, triple seedlings) is being released as a company-owned product.
Hemophilus influenzae diseases. Routine recommended immunization procedures: upper-arm trigular injection with a dose of 0.5 ml per person. 3 doses per person for 2 months in the 2-May age group, 2 doses per person in the 6-November age group and 1 dose per person in the 12-71 age group for a period of 1 month.
In Thai biology, the haemophilus influenzae type dtap-b (dtap-hib) four coils: 3) in Sanofi, the haemophilus influenzae type dtap-ipv/hib five coils.
The second highest in history since 2000. On the basis of data from previous years' issuances, we estimate that in the last eight years the country has been stable at an average annual level of 26 million vaccinations (with single and multiple seedlings) and about 6.5 million vaccinations per year. According to the National Statistical Office, the average annual birth rate for the “12th Five” period was 16.44 million people, i.e., the level of the heb vaccine.
In terms of the number of batch issuances, the silhouettes, which are represented by the Twilight Triple, the Conte Biological IV and the Basteur Five, are gradually replacing the heb single seedlings. In terms of the batch issuances in 2017, the number of multiple silhouette issuances is close to heb single. We believe that, at maturity, the silhouette penetration is expected to reach around 15%, taking into account the strain on the supply of the saps and the company's largest country.
2.5 to 3.4 million people, or 7.65 to 10.2 million at 3/persons. On the basis of the above data, we predict income and net profits from the triple seedlings for 2018-2025: 1) new production, production of the Jiangsurou Lei bioreport, clinical treatment of the do-Olin organisms in 2017, but based on Chinese clinical trials.
The database shows that no clinical trials have been conducted, i.e. companies will remain exclusive in the next four to five years. (4) Due to the good competitive pattern in the industry, we expect the price of the Westwood Bottle Factory to be stable at $210 per penny, the price of the newly marketed prefilled packaging to be stable at $273 per penny, and the net profit rate of the company to be stable at 45 per cent.
3.2 Nodule Prophylactic Product Lines: A global first, 1 billion net profit-scale heavy-pound varieties Tuberculosis is a chronic infectious disease caused by the infection of bacterium tuberculosis. Nodule bacterium can enter all organs of the human body, but it is mainly an attack on the lungs, known as tuberculosis. The 2017 WHO Global Tuberculosis Report shows that 10.4 million people worldwide have tuberculosis.
In 2016, 1.8 million people died of tuberculosis. In absolute terms, the country was the second largest nuclear disease in the world after India. In 2014, the rate of tuberculosis infection was estimated to be 13-20% of the rural population (approximately 170-260 million people), with 1.2 million cases per year and 38,000 deaths per year.
3.2.1 Screening of latent nodules is the key to tuberculosis control.
In some cases, tuberculosis can continue to be infected for life without disease. If not treated, approximately 5-10% will develop into active tuberculosis, which is even more so among people with immunosuppressive diseases.
Large. Early identification and preventive treatment can be effective in reducing the risk of morbidity, for which purpose a guide to the management of latent tuberculosis infections was issued in 2014 by WHO.
Currently, the following challenges are being faced with regard to tuberculosis prevention in our country: Precision diagnosis, BCG vaccination is a national policy for tuberculosis prevention, with more than 90 per cent BCG vaccination coverage and only a few human rights have not been vaccinated.
Cables; however, BCG, due to its limited protection cycle, changes the population to a population that is simply delayed after BCG vaccination (dth) and maintains the positive population and the population infected with tuberculosis. The following two methods are currently used for the detection of nodules:
It is a mixture of more than 200 single-folds, many of which are common antigen components of non-tuberculosis and BCG, with high pseudo-positive rates and low specificity; there is a certain degree of subjectivity in the operation and outcome of skin tests; due to the size of our population, the number of infections is high, and the number of BCG-like countries is high, while tst has limitations on distinguishing between BCG vaccinations and natural infections.
Gamma-disturbant release analysis test (igrass): The new method of detecting tuberculosis infections with enzyme-combined immunology is one of the most sensitive antigen-specific t-cell detection methods available. But there are about 200 million people in the country with tuberculosis, but the cost of each test is as high as $800 and requires intravenous blood.
There is an urgent need to develop screening tools that are simple, easy, sensitive, and cheap. The company is about to market a re-organizer of bacterium tuberculosis 6-cfp10 (hereinafter the ec diagnostic reagent), the ec diagnostic reagent is an international third-generation diagnostic reagent, which, in conjunction with ppd, can be used for accurate diagnosis of nodules, only for skin tests, without blood-smoking, high sensitivity and convenience for all.
Screening of the population. The product has now been clinically completed, the National Bureau has received a declaration of production, and we expect to expect preventive treatment in mid-2019.
Nine months of amphiboles, three months of ammonium + lifford spray, three to four months of liffon + and three to four months of liffon + lifopin are drug treatment programmes. Although the country currently provides free oral drugs for tuberculosis treatment, related liver and pulmonary medicines are still to be paid for. The tuberculosis infection rate in the country is high, and preventive vaccines are usually not available to infected populations.
There is an urgent need to develop vaccines that can be used for the prevention of latent structural infections. Tuberculosis vaccine is the hot spot for international vaccine research, and there are currently 11 products in the clinical stage around the world, and the company has developed a cow branch bacterium vaccine (for people infected with tuberculosis) (hereinafter referred to as microcards), which is the only vaccine in the world to date.
As soon as the human clinical trial was completed and the vaccine was declared to have been produced. On 14 June, the vaccine was included in the national priority review, and we expect to be on the market in the first half of 2019. 3.2.2 The entire series of nodule product ladders will allow precision diagnosis and precision prevention.
The company ' s immunization strategy for tuberculosis is based on the different immune background and state of infection, the different prevention needs, the study of different types of tuberculosis vaccine, with precise differentiation and precision prevention; precision diagnostic products: ppd reagents and ec reagents, with ec reagents as core products;
\triangleright Precision prevention products: aec/bc02 Frozen recombinant tuberculosis vaccine, adult use of BCG and microcards, with microcards as table 9: Research and development of corporate nodule prevention product ladders and progress
Figure 23: Corporate TB Precision Control Strategy 3.2.3ec Diagnostic Reagents: It is expected to include screening of new-born tuberculosis for a net profit of 400 million grade-level products.
This year, several provinces and municipalities, represented by Beijing, have been implementing the tuberculosis control regulations (2017 editions), which require schools to use the tuberculosis screening project as a mandatory test for entry to school and for regular examinations for teaching staff.
(i) The examination of new entrants to kindergartens, primary schools and non-residential junior secondary schools (attendant) should ask about the close exposure of tuberculosis to history and suspected symptoms of tuberculosis, and conduct tests on the skin of tuberculosis microbacterials for those with a close exposure to tuberculosis; and, in secondary schools and boarding junior secondary schools, screening for suspicious symptoms of tuberculosis and tests on the skin of tuberculosis microbacterials should be carried out;
Pulmonary X-ray screening is required for suspected TB symptoms and test positives for nodule fungus skin.iii. Tuition screening and breast X-ray screening are used for university students, while priority areas and priority schools are able to carry out co-tests for nodule fungi skin.
4. The examination of the health of the teaching staff shall include a breast x-ray examination; a person who has suspected symptoms of tuberculosis, or who is strongly positive in the skin test of the nodule fungicide, or who is abnormal in the examination of the chest x-ray shall be subject to further examination at the medical establishment of the site of the test.
In the context of the strategy for the elimination of nodules, the screening of nodules has become mandatory for entry check-ups and routine examinations of teaching staff. Although the current method of detection is still dominated by the skin test of the nodules, we believe that ec diagnostic reagents are expected to become the mainstream means of final screening when they are marketed.
At the request of the Ministry of Education, we forecast the income and net profits of the ec diagnostic reagents for 2018-2025 according to the following table: 10,000 and 7.5 million people, leaving the examination of teaching staff and screening for social check-ups aside; and 2) ec diagnostic reagents, which are becoming mandatory, gradually reaching 70 per cent penetration in upper secondary and general higher schools in about 2024, and 5 per cent penetration in general primary schools.
Right; 3) ec diagnostic reagents are now only declared by companies that they will remain exclusive for the next four to five years; 4) due to the good pattern of competition in the industry, we expect the price to be $50 per cent, taking into account the net interest rate of other companies for diagnostic products, assuming net profit, and based on the model, we believe that ec diagnoses will make a net profit of 100 million yuan to the company three years later, in 2021.
3.2.4 Microcards: At the beginning of 2019, a global exclusive product with a net profit of $700 million in magnitude and weight, according to the Chinese Clinical Laboratory Database, the three-phased clinical trials of microcards target 15-65-year-olds, and the vaccination procedure is: one bottle of this product (including a cow branch of bacterium 22.50 μg) is injected with 1.0 ml of bacterium disinfection and diluted with water.
We assume that the proportion of people screened for latent nodules is 15%:3) and the proportion of latent nodules screened inoculated for microcard disease is 20%:4)) at present microcardic vaccines are declared by companies alone, i.e., companies will maintain exclusive product status over the next four to five years.
The net profit contribution of 300 million yuan, which may be close to 1.6 billion yuan by 2024, is expected to reach around 700 million yuan. 4 holding hands, Hpv and the five-wheeled vaccine-driven company’s performance burst, with 4.1 company sales network the strongest in the country, with strategic collaboration in “Mershahton China.”
General therapeutic drugs are sold mainly in the hospital system, more than 1,800 in level III hospitals, and 6,000 in level II hospitals, i.e., the sale of therapeutic drugs can be promoted from the top down. The final stage in the use and promotion of vaccines is the vaccination point, where there are nearly 50,000 vaccination sites throughout the country, distributed in the health services centres of the basic township health centres and street offices, i.e., the need for the sale of vaccines.
Direct outreach at the grass-roots level will require strong coverage network support.a Among the companies listed, other firms are promoting their products mainly through professional extension service firms, with the only direct sales team of more than 1,000 people, covering nearly half of the vaccination sites, the country’s most powerful distribution network, and the ability to sell.
In 2016, the State will implement a new amendment to the Regulations on the Administration of Vaccine Circulation and Preventive Vaccination, introducing a “one vote” for vaccines. Industrial enterprises will distribute and issue tickets directly to the county to control the disease. Out-of-country vaccine manufacturers exporting the vaccines to the country should designate an agency within the country to sell all vaccines imported by the manufacturer in a uniform manner, on behalf of the manufacturer, to fulfil the requirements of the Regulations for vaccine production enterprises.