Satellite chemistry 2024 and performance forecast for the first quarter of 2025: Increased profitability + significant growth in new energy materials contributed to record performance and achieved a net return profit of 1.45 billion yuan to $1.65 billion in one quarter, an increase of 41.79 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
To 61.35%. The company proposes to allocate $5 (including taxes) per 10 shares. The Division ' s continued performance is due mainly to both productive capacity and profitability, with the release of new capacity for increment. In 2024, the company completed production of 100,000 tons of ethanolamine per year, resulting in production under epoxy ethylene.
In July 2024, the company succeeded in a single drive to produce 800,000 tons of polycarbons, resulting in a complete production of acrylic acids and esters up and down.
Business chains are closed. On the other hand, the increase in the Māori ratio of corporate traditional products and the spread of higher value-added products (billion shares) drive performance growth. The Māori rate for company-based chemicals, high molecular new materials, increased by 4.78 in 2024.
Total market value/flow (billion yuan) 80.77 per cent, with higher value-added products as a percentage of optimal profit-making structures. As a result, company operations in 2024 < < high molecular materials > boost corporate performance
Il, c2/c3 double-deep green development > - new projects are heavily developed. The stage of production of 800,000 tons of polycarbonol per year was launched in July 2024, driving the company c3 chain to form a closed ring.
< <Promote the implementation of the “double return” joint venture] projects, etc., are expected to be launched in 2025, the poe industrialization device accelerates, the company's high case, c2/c3 taps deepen green development > > > > > > .
The arrays of polyolefin products continue to expand. Technologies such as organic metal catalysts, low-amino-pyrimide catalysts, and new products such as industrial bottlenecks, saps, polyethylene elastomers, etc. are expected to be phased in. < < < significant increase in R & D inputs to open new chemical materials. <
Investment proposals: Satellite chemistry, in addition to perfecting the chain layout of c2 and c3 products, is investing in new scenarios for several material operations >--2023-11-06 new materials projects and is expected to continue on a continuous basis to further enhance the value added of corporate operations.
Increased profitability + significant growth in new energy materials contributed to record performance, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.