Basic chemicals, increasing advantages of industrial chain integration, high-end new materials opening up the space for growth, satellite chemistry (002648.sz) 2024 report.
Satellite chemistry published in 2024: the company achieved total operating income of $45,648 million, > process innovation creates product premiums, functional chemicals, high molecular new materials have kept up the same rate of Maori.
The company has a long-term ethane resource advantage, which continues to be significant relative to the composition of other routes. As of March 26, 2025, the weekly average profit from the pyrocephalus/ethane fission/coalene aromatic hydrocarbons was ~106.78/t-970, respectively.
On the one hand, the company invested in the construction of an annual 100,000-ton ethanolamine device to further refine the downstream ethylene oxide layout; on the other hand, the annual production of 800,000 tons of polycarbons in a single drive.
Successfully, a complete industrial chain of acrylic acids and esters has been closed, consolidating the market influence of the industry.
As a result, the high-end polyethylene material involved in the project is more economically efficient. The technological barriers to the new project are extremely high, and technical difficulties such as high-performance catalysts, polymer processes, co-polymer monomer, etc. continue to be a key factor impeding the increase in the national production of high-end polyethylene material.
High-level R & D teams have been set up, pre-positioned to break through the “cricket” technical difficulties, and rapid industrialization devices have landed.
Landing consolidation of industrial chain advantages - satellite chemistry, energy abundance, helium petrochemicals as comparable companies with ethane resource advantages (002648.sz) mid-2024.
The continuation of high-end new chemical materials, which contribute to development with new-quality productivity, sustains the company's “less progress than expected, less performance in the contribution of new production, large downswings in the economy, weak downstream demand leading to a sharp fall in product prices”.
Please read the text carefully and have the exemption clause for this report. Without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. The paper clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Lew, to the extent that you know it, you have no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended, in your company, in yourself, and in your property.