Satellite chemistry (002648.sz) comes out of nowhere.
Conclusions and recommendations: The company ' s performance is in line with expectations and has continued to grow at a faster rate than in the same year, mainly due to the company ' s smooth release of new production capacity in the second half of 24 years and the relatively low q1 base period of 24 years; in addition, the company ' s prices of acrylic acid and ester products have increased and the c3 (downstream) industrial chain has increased profitability.
Industrial chains (downstream of acrylic), development of high-value-added products, and maintenance of “buy-in” ratings. New-yielding capacity boosts profits and single-season c3 chains: 2501 company profits and revenue-on-year increases, mainly in the second half of 2400 new-product contribution performance, and 24q1 base period
In addition, the price of acrylic acids and esters has risen since 25q1 and the company ' s c3 chain of industry has increased its profitability, leading to growth in corporate performance. c2 industry chains show that 25q1 is in the middle of natural gas consumption, higher prices of ethane from upstream feedstocks, and smaller prices from c2 industry chains.
The price of ethane is expected to fall. Taken together, the company’s single-season Māori rate has remained stable, the company’s 25q1 aggregates are influenced by the trade situation in the US and China, c2 industrial chains of vinyl chloride, epoxy, me and c3 industrial chains of acrylic acid, polypropylene, acrylic esters, etc.
The price of propane has also followed the decline in crude oil prices and the company’s combined Māori rate is expected to remain stable during the year.The tariff effect on ethane has been reduced, c2 plate is profitable or will be repaired: the company’s ethane raw materials are mainly imported from the United States into the product mix.
At the mouth, the imposition of tariffs on the United States dollar has had a negative impact on the company's cost of ethane raw materials, but the company has been actively promoting the use of functional chemicals, import exemptions for ethane, the introduction of business models such as feed processing, ethylene swaps, etc.
In addition, by the end of 2024, the Internal Tax Code made a separate listing of ethane as a green and clean energy source in the 2025 Tariff Adjustment Programme, reducing its import duties from 2% to 1%.
Institutional investors account for the share of circulation a. ethane is a commodity that the state encourages to import. In the follow-up to the US-China tariff game, we believe that ethane has a tariff exemption expected to reduce the adverse effects of the company’s c2 cost of the chain.
Energy intensive release period and continued extension of the industrial chain: the company, as a domestic LGC crack-head, based on its own c2/c3 industry, continues to expand into new value-added material products downstream and plans for several construction projects: the 200,000 tonnes of Acid per year project will be completed in 2025; and the year of joint venture with Sk
The 40,000-ton eaa project is expected to come into operation in 2025. In addition, the company ' s 25.7 billion yuan construction project for a new high-end material complex has begun construction and is expected to complete one and two phases in 2025 and 2026, which will further increase the value added of the company ' s c2 industry chain.
Profit forecast: Given the decline in the price of chemical products in the q2 ring, it is expected that the report will be prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and that the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not made by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.