St. State shares (300661.sz) are expected to achieve long-term steady profit growth; for the first time, coverage was rated as buy-in (summary).
More than 2,000 customers and 1,000 products. We expect the State to continue to earn market share and profit from its overseas counterparts by: 1) meeting the needs of a large local client base; 2) relying on its differentiated technological advantages in the domestic market; and 3) using the more dispersed features of the semiconductor market (and size) of the simulation.
We believe that the unit’s share price does not reflect the company’s long-term growth potential. We have a share in the São Paulo stock (300661.sz) and an average share in telecommunications and technology.
For a full description of the investment summary indicators, see the information disclosure section of this report.
The network's low-power power management chip (pmic), battery pmic, and amoled drive. We expect an average annual compound increase of 23% in St. Helena between 2017 and 21 (the projected increase in the density of R & D inputs in St. Helena and the difference in product structure in 2017).
This premium, we believe, is roughly the same as the US semiconductor ratio of 30% or more of semiconductor designs. Despite the current high value of St. Paul’s valuation, we believe that there is an implicit target of expected market gains in 2018, and (3) a market share in the fragmented semiconductor market.
1) Increased competition among Chinese semiconductor enterprises. 2) Delayed roll-out of new products. 3) Supply chain risks due to high dependence on power generation from the station. Ludong Feng, phd (Research Assistant)
Business relationships exist and continue to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report and should not be considered as an appendix to the disclosure of information in this report or be requested to contact your investment representative.
I'm the one who contributed to this report. Ludong Feng, phd, Xerxing.
Holy State shares (300661.sz) taableofcontents priceesinthisreportarebasedonthenov.092017marketcloseunlessicadonewise.
%fr&d/revenueatsgmicroandsilergy source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.source:companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
Sgmicro: no.2playerinchina'sanalogdevicemarket founddedin 2007andbasedinding, sgmicrosspecializensanalogidesignandsales.ithas.
tvs, digitalcameras, computes, autobilelites, industriatomation, anddiotdevices (e.g. sharingbikes).
I don't know, over 1,000 productsandover2,000customs.itcompetsmostlywithglobalpeersuchasti, adi,andmaxim. wearepositiveonsgmicro'sgrotoutbookforthelowingfoursources.
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's going to do it's all, and it's-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Dissignindustry, security: designandconquer - inbothnewandtraditional markets; buysgmicro, publicdonnovel13, 2017.whillesgmicrohaslesthan 1% marketshareinpmicandsignralchains, indeliveredanetincomecagrof 14.5%
2017e 2021edrivenbycreasedproductionandmarginimprovementfromnewproductslaunches. sgmicrooffersarerealmoredirectedtechnologyandproductportfoliothanits
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
And 43% asof1h17, immediately. thechairmanandceofsgmicro,d.zhangshilong,hasarackrecordinalog r&doverthepast20years.heaspreciousworkedasanengineerintopanalog
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I don't know if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
epsanddiscoundedback to 2018 userpeeraveragecoeof 11.3%, implyinga2018ep/e averageof40x.wenotethatanalogstocksoftenenjoyavaluationpremiumoverorother semiconducorcompanies duetoanalog'sdiversionproducedcustomerbas.forexample,
Intheus, ananalogstockshaveover 30% higher 2018ep/eand600bpslowerrowthratethan othersesemiconductordesign(exhibit3).
Impliedtargetmultipleof57x2018ep/egevenitsdiversifiedportfolio, improving completemixwith ighermarginsandcontinallyincreasingmarketsharewhileratingittechnooral advantage.
Note:adi'scapcarisnotincludedasgrothististortedbyitsacquitionoflineartitechnologin2017.
Keyriskstoourviewinclude: 1) intensifierdcompetionamongchinesenalogcompanies: weareawareofeveral sizablechinineseanalognames, andhilethemarketisframed, webviewthepotential
) dedrayinnewproductslaunch: sgmicro'snewproductsdoouldhavehergrosmargin, if thearchdelaysorsell-throughisbelowsourceations, themarginrecoveryroad (toglobal)
I don't know, people's'averagevel)willbechallenging.) )supplychainmanagerisk: 99% of tsmcprovides ofwafersuplytosgmicro, andsg micro'snewproductswithbettercoststrurturellallsorelyontsmc'sadvancedtechnology.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Communion shares (30061.sz) Producoverview: adiversiedportfolioofpmicandsignalchains sgmicrohastwomainproductlines, namelypmicandsignalchains, representing 60% and
40%ofittotalrevenuesin 1h17e,reactively.thecompanyhasadiversiverfieldportfolioliver 1,000products.accordingtogartner, pmichadus$ 10.2bntamin2016, similarosignachain tamofus $ 10.3bn, butsignalchainproducedtohavealonglifecyleadleandmoreable
I don't know what you're talking about, Margins.often, aounganalogcompanycanparampuppicmicbusinessfastorastinal tainbusiness.sgmichasaccumulatedtechnologyandnewdesinsinitspmicbusinessin the Pasttwoylesandexpectsitspmicbusinesscesstosapassthastofofsiignalchain2017--
Sage shares (30061.sz) devercocied customerbaseandmiteddirect conductioninchina
Sgmicrosellsmostofitsproductroughdroughdribusto over 2000diversifedends-customs; it sellsdirectlyonlytozte.sgmicro'sdistribersarewellknowninchinaandclude beigaozhi, colorbeam, Limpo, keikong, etc.thetop-fevedistritors
I don't know what you're talking about, revenue.
30% eachin thenearfuture. sgmicrosources 99% ofersfromtsmc, theworld'sledfoundry, andreliesonjcet,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inanalog, sgmicrocompetsmostlywithoverseascompanies (suchasti,adi, andmaxim); it commetswithsilergyinthestandarddc/dcconvertermarket.itstrosmarginsarelowerthan
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about.
Source: companydata, gaohuasecuriesresearch.
I mean, it's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
In 2013-15, silergybenefedphofessd modulebusessmaindriven by the company'sfocusonpmichathalargatamanda quickramp-upwithotherightend-application.ookingforward, sgmicroplanstodiveitsgroveth
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
27% cagrin 2017e-2020e. exhibit8: weexpectsgmicro'spmicswilloutgrove
Signalchainthhenextnewyears sgmicro'srevenuemix sgmicro'srevenueandrosprofitmargin
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I mean, I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
balancesheet: sgmicrohasasasastrangeballancesheet. withaveryshortcashconversioncycle whachaveragedat20daysin 2014-2016, belowthatofsilergyandbreightat92and107days, specifically.sgmicro'sinventorydayswereshorter (averageof90daysvs.103and95daysat)
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's got the right to do it, but you're the one who's got the right to do it, and you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
Webelievathetherostrongnetshpositionofoverrmb800mnby2021ecoudpotentially providedssupportforsgmicrotoacquiresmallandprivatechineseanaloghousesofgoodQuality (inourdiscussionwith sgmicromanage, the companyindidicateditsinterestinthys)
. capex: Wealsobelievesgmicrowilmaintintinitscapexatalowlevelasithasdoneinthepast giveventhenatureofthefundablessanalogsbusinessmodelwhohefefocusisonopex.wealsonote
That companyhasalsonoticindidicatedanycapexpansorinitivesinthenarfuture.we November 13, 2017
Forecastsgmicro'capextosalesratiotostayataround 2% and freecashflowtogrota caprof 25% in 2017e-2021e. divids: wealsoasssumedevidipoutratiof10%in2017e-2019e, inlinewiththe
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Sgmicro'sbalancesheet, 2014-2019e
São Paulo (300661.sz) analogfilmtradingatapremium; expectfurtrerating
Wevalueoura-sharechinatablescompaniesusingalong-termdiscoundedp/emethodorogyinorderto capturelong-termgroveth.forsgmicro, Weapplyitsa-sharepeers'average2018ep/eof40x
To 2021esanddiscountbackbackto 2018usingapeeraveragecostoquityof11.3%, as aaverageof40x.wenotethatanalogstofoftenenjoyavalutionpremiumoverother simiconvertcompanies duetoanalog'sdiversociedproductandcustomerbases.forexample,
It's 30% premiumtotheaverage 2018ep/efor othersecondiconductorsignfirmswholeposingagrowthratehatis600bpslower (exhibit3).
I don't know what you're talking about, just like that, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, just like that, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're going to have to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to have to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathroom, and we're going to the bathroom, and we're going to go to the bathrooms.
Asoneofchina'sledanalogbrands, sgmicrobenefitsfromthetrendofopting
"madeinchina" productsbycustomerslikehuawaiandzte, whichwebelievellhelp itgainmarketsharefromglobalcompetits (namelylyti, diandmaxim).
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something, but we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it.
Holy State shares (300661.sz) exhibit13: sgmicro'saveragentmp/esinceistingis exhibit14: withoutpermedtheindextsincellingin
I don't know, sgmicro'sntmconsush/e sgmicro'srelativeperformancevs.mscicinashare note: pricessofumblenmember09, 2017 marketclose.
Communion shares (300661.sz) inroadingm&arokforsgmicro acrossourglobalcoverage,weexaminestocksusinganm&africawork,consisingboth
Qualitativefactorsandquantitativefactors (whochmayvalyarosssectorsandregions) to incorporate the potentialthetaincertiencompanies couldbeacquired.wethensignam&arank asameanscofscompaniesunderwateredcoverfrom1to3, with 1 representing
(30%-50%) probabilityof thecompanybecominganaquictiontarget,2representingmedium inline_ourstandardpartmentalguidelinesweincorporateanm&acomponentintoour targetprice.m&arankof3isconsideredimmmaterialandotherforedoesnotactorintoourprice
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Qualitative effects: (i) impactivenesssoftechnology, (ii) impactivenesofcustoms, (iii) costsygypotential, (iv) other/intangiblevalue; and (3) equalitativefactors,
Including(i)marketcap, and (ii)valuations.fordetailsofourairatechnologym&africaworks, seeportportpanasia:technology: navigatingthenoise(6): introducem&africawork, popular roadmap,datedjuly4, 2016fordetatails.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I just--------
(b) majorshareholdersintheeventopossibleacquisbyathirdparty (hostileorotherwise), or iftheyhaveannouncedapreferenceistaisetheirstakeinthecompany; (2) regulatoryandorganovermentpolicymentations; and
"No" Qualificationifoneormoreofththethreesectionssabovareappliableand a "yes" Qualificationstheseconversionsdonotapply.
Qualitativeassiscriteria 1) technology: welokatwetheherororornacompanyhasattractivetechnologycapableof genderatingfuturevalue, aswellasteitsteitnologicalcapapalitiasandinttutualpropertyrights.
Wessignarenkof"3"ifitstechnologyunattraactiveormoderatedlyactive, "2"ifitisatractivand1"ifitisveryactive.2)customerbase:welookatwhoherororotacompanyhasanatartactivecustomerbaseand
"3"iftheyareattractive"1"iftheyareveryactive.
"3" iftheotherihihihisipossibility, and 1"iftheotherisveryhigh"
Possibility. Communion shares (300661.sz) 4) other: welookatwhethorrnotatarget companypossessersattractiveassets, including
"3" iftheyoureunattiormoderatedly active, 2"iftheyare active, and 1"iftheyare active.

I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
"3" if the company appares overvaledrelivetoitsactiveindustrypeer groupororalinlinewiththepeeraverage, "2"ifitsvaluationdiscovered, and 1"ifits
We've been working for a long time, and we've been working for a long time, and we've been working for a long time, and we've been working for a long time, and we've been working for a long time, and we've been working for a long time.
We're not going to be able to do this, we're not going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it.
Retainingstrokeaslongasposible.also, believe thecompanyismorelikelytobe anacquirerotherthanatargetatheformerwouldwaygogoodwayquickexpandproduct linestocompetewithglobalpeers, and thecompanyalisoindidicatedtitutcouldconsider
It's like 16:weassignanm&arankof'3'tosgmicro sgmicro'sm&ascoresumary
São Paulo (300661.sz) keyriskstourinvestmentthesis
Weidentifythefollowingdownsiders: 1) indensifiercompositionamongchinesenalogcompanies: weareawaveveveeveralsolablechinesenalognames, andthoughthemarketiesfragmented, webviewthepotential
It's not like I'm going to be incompetent. Forexample, silergyisthechinesideranduses ondc/dcpmics; onbrightfousesonac/dcpmic; 3peakstrivestoveveveveveloph-endsignal-chainproducts; finemadesspmicsforledandbattyapplications, etc.thus, etc.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, micro'snewproducts with betterstructurellallsolrelyontsmc'sadvancedtechnology.
I don't know what you're talking about, relianceonwafersuppromectsmc. 4)grethementedemployeeturnover: high-level-levelersandengineermanagers are very toughterinchinina. anyslowdownthegroveofthecompanyanddeclinein
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm just...
Sgmicrohasastrongfounderandoffersgenerousstockcompensiontoemployees.currently, in the case of São Paulo.
1) fanderdr.zhangandshareholdsactinginconcentand2) employeesownaround 46.1% and 7% Ofvertalshares, individually. source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
São Paulo (300661.sz) contribution sofsgmicro'sproducts source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
We, Ludong Feng, phd, and Hoshting, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the said companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of some firms being acquired. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of companies becoming M & As (30-50%), two of which represent a medium probability (15-30%), and three of which are less likely (0%-Qantum).
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of single firms, or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries.gssstain50 is a list of concerns that we believe are based on excellent capital returns.
Proponents are mainly based on a comprehensive quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas. Ludong Feng, phd: a share of telecommunications and technology, and telecommunications and technology in Greater China.
a shares of telecommunications and technology: quick communication technology, China Connect (a), China Connect (a), China Consort (ads), China Fire Combine, Gol Consort, Top Consort Technology, Haekow, Hae-Chu Da, Saint State Consort, Telecommunications and Technology of China, China Telecoms and Technology: China Communications Service, China Movement, China Movement (adr), China Telecom (addr), China Connect (h), China Connect (ads), Hualong Half-conductor, ICUFA, Suoxi Science and Technology, Silicine Jay, China Harbour International, China Harbour International (adr), Sun Woo Light Science, Taiwan Build Power (adr), United Telecommunications, United Power (adr), China Hing Communication (h).
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of specific information on St. State shares (rmb98.15) Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Furthermore, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy-in or sell-out list with an overall potential return scale; suspension of ratings (rs): we have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports.
Target. Investment ratings and price targets previously made for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): we have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no research. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. (300661.sz)
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.