On December 22, the company Softline Intelligence received the Qualifications for Submission from the Beijing Stock Exchange.
Confirming the letter, the Beijing Stock Exchange, together with the transferring co-equity, confirmed the eligibility for the concession of soft-flowed intellectual property (100% equity in the same computer, 100% equity in the same party, 51% equity in Chengdu Sense).
We believe that this acquisition is likely to deepen the company’s production in China’s technology industry.
This acquisition will deepen the company's positioning of the technology industry chain in China: the acquisition of computers owned by the company's co-authors, the upgrades/servers and pc, which are important partners in the area of credit creation.
Together, in 2022, $4,032 million was collected at a loss of $99 million, and 2,023h1 at a loss of $1,637 million; the acquisition of the international main business of consumer electronics and odm, with the consumer electrical brand “mechanical revolution”, with the product predominantly based on games, with a loss of $5,46 million in 2022 and a loss of $104
It is expected that it will complement its own software-side advantages, and that it will improve the overall performance of the Department as an ecological business. The performance ring rebounded in the third quarter of 2023, and the Māori rate was restored on a quarterly basis: the company was able to do so in the third quarter of 2023.
Institutional investors account for a share of the circulation of a stock, and the new business of Hong Men and O'La has opened up new opportunities: in recent years, companies have followed China’s strategic transformation and have been working together on such product lines as Clouds, Hung Men and O’La.
In the past, the company ranked first in the first and nearly six months in China for opening the system's access to equipment.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.