On the basis of the deep integration of the ecology, the value is gradually gaining prominence on October 26, 2023, \triangleright.
Core technology service providers, with deep integration of China as an ecology. Companies are deeply involved in the construction of ecological areas such as clouds, thongmen, triangleright, Gauss, tungsten, ancient models, metaerp, etc., along with their intelligent roads, systems, etc.
In the area of open-source technology, the company created its first operating system with a cross-directional system, swanlinkos, working with Liad and the Alo Principals on a strategic basis, and working with partners to publish a number of open-source products in the electricity sector.
Members of the working group; in the Eurola area, the company's open-source Eura server operating system was successfully issued with the first share of China's mobile “Cloud Capacity Centre” migration technology suit 2023-2024. Deep-farming letters were nationalized and strategic opportunity points were seized. The company's enterprise version server operating system Skylar was completed.
\triangleright Matching with mainstream national production server cpu/database/median, successfully winning the second-point of China's mobile “Cloud Smart Center Project on Migration Technical Services for the Operational Systems of Provincial Specialized Companies 2023-2024”.
Guo Xingyu has launched the release of the Open- Source Hong Hung Business and Transportation software and created the first operating department in the industry to have a cross-command set (S010518120001).
In addition, the company has been working together to launch a hardware product for Tungai – a “soft power solution” – and now has more than 150 business intelligence automation applications in manufacturing, finance, and railways.
The company’s industrial Internet industry \triangleright is positioned as a platform, product, integrated industrial Internet service provider serving one, and has been successfully launched.
1. Flexible power (301236.sz) 2023 semi-annual review: the strategic layout continues to move forward, with a number of contributions, such as letter creation, ai etc. The White Paper on Capacity Building for the Industrial Internet and solutions such as digital factories, the industrial meta-cosmos, etc. 2.0;
In the light of the long-term growth - 2023/08/25 - the construction of the Hubei bell cell plastics mes system, the Cyrus III Auto-Logistics Management System, etc.
In recent days, Boulla has launched a version of the National Production Operating System, the “New Flag” company, which won the 25th China International Software Fair Silver Award on the basis of its “issmeta digital simulation platform.
-2022/12/06 Release of the commercial release of the pengauss database. On 19 September, the company based on the pengauss 3. Soft Power (301236.sz) in-depth report:
In the same period, the company officially released the commercial release of the OIF database, which is officially certified by the community of Gossician origin and issued with the certificate of commercial issuance of the Gascows area.
The company is a leading company in the country’s IT field, with its traditional business growing steadily, and its deep layout has opened up the space for growth. At the same time, the company is caught up in the big trends of trust, Hong Monola, and erp, among others.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.