China is a core partner, “Soft + Hard” combined to shape the path of the dragon's growth 13 November 2023 Summary of events: 4 November 2023, Second Open Atoms Foundation
\triangleright version release of swanlinkospc software, which supports the swanlinkos operating system.
End and desktop self-service terminals, and smart mines, electricity, transportation and educational solutions based on swanlinkos. “Soft services” and “hard support” are provided on an ongoing basis to anchor openharmony.
As a platinum donor to the Open Atom Open Source Foundation, the first openharmony Co-Foundation Unit, the Openharmony Ecology Commission, and the Openharmony Open Source Safety Committee, have been a committed ecological builder and bio-manufacturing force.
The Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung has jointly developed a home-grown self-controlled and self-programming auto-control device, in conjunction with Yong-chul and Hwa-Sin, and the multi-product has completed the application and compatibility assessment of the openharmony.
HONG-HONG has been actively involved in the development of 11 white papers in 6 industries and has long been an important partner in the business start-up strategy, providing a strong boost to technological development and innovative applications in the industry.
Extending to the computer hardware industry, upstream and downstream synergies drive companies to grow in the long term. According to company announcements, the subsidiary's soft mind calculates that it is intended to be the intended recipient of shares held by the other party through public listing 100% of computer equity, 100% of international equity and 51% of Chengdu's wisdom.
In 2022, according to the company announcement, the co-owner's revenues from computer operations amounted to $4,032 million; the co-authors are mainly engaged in research and development and production of affordable computers, telecommunications electronics and related ancillary equipment.
1. Soft flow power (301236.sz) in the three-quarterly reporting point of 2023 The same side ' s international business income in 2022 amounted to $5,455 million. If the three companies are considered to be a whole, it will extend the industrial chain from the computer software services business to the computer hardware business to enhance the firm ' s core competitiveness.
Assessment: The strategic layout continues to move forward, with multiple forces such as letter-making, ai, etc., through this transaction, the company will build on its original business by adding new computer hardware operations, including computer hardware product operations for enterprise-level letter-making and consumer-level hardware product operations, building up soft and hard.
Soft Motivation (301236.sz) Company Incident Review: An Integrated Development Model, which provides clients with a better deconstruct through deeper integration of hardware and software operations, and a “new flag” for the national production operating system
-2022/12/06 Programs to upgrade user experiences, achieve technological innovation and bring about better product synergies and market responsiveness. 4. Soft Motivation (301236.sz) company depth reports:
Investment proposals: The company is a leading domestic IT firm, with its traditional business growing steadily, with its depth and depth, with a new flag of the national production operating system, 2022/11/It, opening up the space for growth. At the same time, the company’s grip on the big trends in the creation of the letter is likely to be successful.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.