Increased efforts to “clean up” and reserve funds to delay net profit performance Events: Life in China published three-quarterly reports in 2021, resulting in operating income of $727.71 billion, compared to life in China (601.28.sh)
Wang Dynasty has been burdened by the increase in the long-term risk reserve, with net profit in the previous three quarters of the year + 3.0 per cent.
The net profit from the parent ratio + 3.0 per cent to 48.5 billion yuan (q3-quarter-year-on-54.5 per cent) is mainly attributable to the assumption that the company adjusted the traditional reserve discount rate for three quarters as a result of the downswing of 750 days, and the decrease in the value of the new business was evident, as a result of the structural shift in the product and the decline in the new bill.
Justinine's fast “cleaning up” of agents has resulted in a significant loss of sales personnel and a mismatch between the quality of agents and the needs of the client's insurance policy. The initial annual premium is $9.152 billion, 13.7 per cent.
As a result of changes in product structure and a decline in the new list, Nbv fell by 19.6 per cent in the previous three quarters compared to the same period, with companies continuing to “deficit” with 980,000 people at the end of the three quarters, 42.0 per cent less than at the end of last year, and 14.8 per cent less than 1h21 less than at the end of last year.
The gradual roll-out of the normal 4.0 system, the continued deepening of the “one-size-fits-all” marketing layout and the professionalization and professionalization of the workforce will further strengthen the high-quality workforce.
A major contribution to the growth of corporate profits. Total corporate return on investment and net return on investment in the first three quarters. Profit projections and investment ratings: considering the high base for the same period last year, the decline in the number of agents, and the unresolved mismatch between agent quality and client demand, it is expected that this year's liability end-of-service premium will be raised
The pace of nbv growth is not likely to improve significantly as a result of continuous pressure. But with the company's “renewal of life” strategy and its successor, China's Life Insight Report: Business Reform Effectiveness, Valuation and the continued progress of the reform of the company's “new project”, it is expected that the quality and productivity of the company's agents will improve.
With the company adjusting the reserve discount rate assumption, we lower the company ' s parent net profit forecast.
Risk factor: agent builder not as fast as expected: life insurance reform not as expected: agent \triangleright
There's a sharp decline in production capacity; sharp fluctuations in capital markets have led to a sharp drop in investment returns; and interest rates will drop down on the 9th Palace Building, 9th Street, in the West Side of Beijing.
A narrow fixed interest rate tool spread space and impact on accounting profits. Figure 1: Insurance premiums for new policies (millions of dollars) and speed of increase. Figure 2: Number of agents (millions) and speed of increase
Figure 3: Rate of return on investments Figure 4: Rolling pev Wang Qing Dynasty, Master ' s degree, Graduated from International Finance, Business, University of Duren, United Kingdom, as Deputy General Manager, Naval Capital Leasing Enterprise, and Tunghai Leasing Operations
Judining, a master, graduated from the financial profession at the University of Glasgow in the United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan’s rich state securities and silver securities, and joined the Sunda securities research and development centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States of America, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, researched in the non-banking financial sector. Wen Ribang, Master of Arts, graduate in Finance, University of Gangan, worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2021, researched in the non-banking financial sector.
Sun Siu, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Science in Economics, University of Hong Kong, University of Hong Kong, April 2021, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works as a small and medium-sized market component that has not been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindak Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.