Saline Lake shares (000792) deep-ploughing Qing Hai Qar Khan. Over 60 strategic taps of potassium resources in Salt Lake China deep-ploughing Qing Hai Qar Khan Salt Lake, casting the top soldiers and ballaststones that fatten the Chinese potassium. Qing Hai Qa Qan
Salt Lake is China’s largest deposits of potassium magnesium salt, with 540 million tons of potassium resources, more than 4 billion tons of chlorinated magnesium reserves, and 12.42 million tons of chlorinated lithium reserves, all of which are among China’s top producers. Salt Lake shares are deep in Qarkhan, with potassium fertilizer as its core, and expand the integrated development of salt lake resources, the development of which is a microcosm of China’s potassium fertilizer industry from nothing.
In the process of accelerating the construction of a world-class salt lake industry base in Qinghai, the company, as the backbone of the future Chinese Salt Lake Group, is expected to move to a new level of development. Niezheng regenerates – completes the loss of assets and swaps, and returns to the market.
A series of chemical and metal magnesium projects, but at an excessive pace, were dragged into bankruptcy and reorganization. With the completion of asset divestiture and debt swaps in 2020, the company has resumed its business continuity and profitability, with high-quality potassium, : limingquan@wkzq.com.cn
The supply and demand patterns support the return of potassium-fat prices. Global potassium mines are concentrated in Canada, Belarus, and Russia, where potassium-fertilized suppliers are dominated by large overseas giants, while China, as a consumer country, needs 50% of the demand.
Given the low number of newly discovered potassium mines globally and the expected low pace of production, future demand will grow at a slightly faster rate than capacity growth. At the same time, the strategic importance of ensuring food security is continuously being highlighted, with increased food production, increased import trade, also becoming a boost to the price of potassium fertilizer, while the future export of the Russian Federation under EU sanctions will be limited, and China will be constrained.
China’s indigenous “future white oil” – a continuous strategic re-evaluation of lithium resources – has taken on a heavy responsibility. In our view, the industrial development of new global energy vehicles has moved to a point where the rate of acceleration has risen, while lithium is the point where the rate of growth has risen.
The metal element with the lowest electrode level will have demand rigidity in power cells with high-level energy. Global lithium demand will total about 500,000 tons in 2021, and 1.2 million tons in 2025. As “white oil” in the Electrification era, the strategic value of lithium has become a global consensus, but the Chinese lithium industry is highly dependent on the import of lithium.
As a raw material, there is no doubt that, in the current geophysical situation, it is necessary to strengthen upstream resource security and increase self-sufficiency. Of China’s lithium resource potential, the share of halogenated water types is as high as 78%, and after 10 years of grinding, the main salt lakes in Qinghai have found lithium techniques that match their own halogenated components, and are growing from marginal supply to the mainstream.
Stabilization of potassium, expansion of lithium; the yielding period of the lithium business with a high price will be promising in the future. We believe that the high quality of the company's lithium business can be seen mainly in: (a) the abundance of the resources of the Zalkhan Salt Lake, the system of salt fields, the maturity of the potassium halogen tailings to support the future large-scale lithium salt production; and (b) roads, electricity, the Qinghai.
Natural gas, fresh water supplies are well developed, companies have built industrial clusters in mining areas, and lithium operations benefit from synergies in infrastructure and supplies; (3) in lithium production platform, the Blue Lithium industry is controlled by salt lakes 51.42 per cent, private sector companies are involved, market-based mechanisms lead to efficient operation, process and team development;
(4) Upon filling, 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate from the Blue Coat line have been continuously produced, measured at a full cost of only about 30,000 yuan per tonne in 2020, which is sufficient proof that the combination technique of adsorbing + membrane separation enrichment has broken through the “super-high lithium ratio of lithium magnesium to low lithium halogenated lithium” and is expected to rise at full cost with the second 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate expansion. (5)
For the first time, the company was given an “enhanced” rating. As a mainland China with “hard resources”, the concentration of potassium fertilizer and lithium production led to a fall in prices, and the future integrated development of the company’s salt lake resources was not as expected; 2, global macroeconomic risks, marginal changes in the Fed’s monetary policy and global liquidity, global geopolitical risks, etc.