Salt Lake shares (000792.sz): Listing, lithium industry high-scene re-engineering company value stripping out of bad assets, gathering potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate. The company is the country’s main potassium-fat leader, a key state-owned company in Qinghai Province, and is controlled by the Qinghai National Finance Committee.
The company's financial position has improved substantially with the successful divestiture of chemical affiliates, controlling subsidiaries, the salt lake magnesium industry, Heinard chemicals, and the removal of poor assets, such as chemical plates, from the company's good-quality potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate assets.
To reduce the level of indebtedness and its financial costs, in 2020 net assets and net profit returns were positive, amounting to $5.277.2040 billion, respectively, and a return to business continuity.
The Ministry of Territorial Resources has identified potassium salt as one of the eight major minerals that are scarce in our country in 2010. Our potassium salt resources are concentrated in Qinghai, Salt Lake Tsalkan and Bobo Salt Lake Xinjiang, the soluble potassium resources identified in China.
Of these, 96% are located in Qinghai and Xinjiang. Potassium fertilizer is a resource-development industry, with a highly concentrated distribution of capital and capacity leading to a typical oligopoly industry, with fewer firms in the industry and less competitive markets.
The largest potassium fertilizer producer in the country has a capacity of 5 million tons of potassium fertilizer, with a high rate of lithium in salt lakes and a revalued company. The demand for lithium in salt lakes is high, and there is an outbreak of plate activity. There is limited short-term expansion of capacity, and demand for new energy batteries downstream is rapid.
The expansion, with the mismatch between supply and demand, led to a recovery in the battery-grade lithium carbonate price to $995,000 per tonne, and is expected to continue to rise, with a tight balance between the supply and demand of lithium carbonate during the 1455s. Since the beginning of the year, there have been positive changes in the secondary market, with the market reintroducing lithium for salt lakes.
The main reason for the increase is the rise in the price of lithium. In a new context of the rise in lithium prices, the valuation of the lithium plate of salt lakes’ shares of carbonate should be increased accordingly.
Lithium-based processes in the main salt lakes in the Qinghai have been stabilized and the local infrastructure is relatively mature and already has the basis for large-scale expansion, and advances in lithium-property technology are expected to activate some of the salt-water lake resources and further expand the supply camps in the Qinghai Salt Lake.
In the case of potassium fertilization in salt lakes, lithium carbonate production capacity will be phased out over the 14-50 period, with the expectation that it will expand from 30,000 tons to 100,000 tons. Profit predictions and valuations.
Expected; higher than anticipated volatility in lithium carbonate prices; less than expected return to market; capacity to release less than expected risk; draining of poor assets and pooling of potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate operations
The Salt Lake Stock Company was founded in 1958 as a former Qinghai Potassium Fertilizer Plant. In 1996, as the first modern enterprise system pilot unit in Qinghai Province, the company was transformed and renamed Qinghai Salt Lake Industrial Group Limited.
On November 29, 2007, the CSRC approved the entire listing of the Salt Lake Group Digital Network, and the Salt Lake Group stocks were listed on March 11, 2008 on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
On December 22, 2010, the Audit Committee approved the merger of the company Salt Lake Potsic Fertiliser Ltd. (“Pocket Lake Potsi Fertilizer”) with the company Salt Lake Industries Group Ltd. (“Saline Lake Group”), and the merger of the company “Saline Lake” Ltd.
On 21 March 2011, the Salt Lake Group withdrew from the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and sold it, and after the merger of the two lakes it was registered as Salt Lake Industries Ltd. The company's first shareholder was the Qinghai State Property Investment Management Company Ltd., with a shareholding ratio.
For example, 13.86 per cent of the company is the Qinghai State Finance Committee, and the company is the country's largest potassium-fat, and is the Qing Dynasty Chart 1 stock structure, which shows that the company's operations have continued to grow in recent years in terms of operating income, with a revenue of 140.2 per cent in 2020.
In terms of net return profits, the company ' s continuing losses after 2017 are mainly due to the chemical panels ' losses, the metal magnesium integration project, the Henapvc integration project and the combined utilization of phase I and II, all for different reasons.
In September 2019, the company removed the assets of the chemical branch, the holding subsidiary salt, the lake magnesium industry, and the Hena Chemical industry from the scope of the company’s consolidated statements. As a result, the company’s disposal of the salt lake asset package resulted in significant impairments for the company, resulting in the company’s loss of 2019.
There is a huge annual loss. After stripping out bad assets, such as chemical plates, companies have left only high-quality potassium fertilizer and carbon-acid lithium assets, with a fundamental improvement in their financial position, and the company has been light-loaded, and in 2020 the company is now losing $2.04 billion in net return to the mother.
According to the branch, before 2019, the company had a three-part main business: 1) potassium chloride, which earned more than 50 per cent of its revenue, and currently had an annual production capacity of 5 million tons of potassium fertilizer, or more than 50 per cent of the country ' s total production capacity; 2) integrated exploitation of salt lake resources, such as potassium fertilizer, gold, etc.
Projects such as magnesium integration and 2 + 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate products, including pvc, methanol, potassium carbonate, potassium hydroxide, lithium carbonate, pure alkali, urea, etc.) cement production, transportation and commerce, resulting from persistent losses of magnesium and chemical plates, were stripped of their assets in 2019.
In 2020, the company contributed $10.4 billion, or 2.73 per cent, to the operations of potassium chloride and 89.5 per cent to the three above-mentioned operations. Because of the very low Māori ratio in the trading sectors, only 1.25 per cent, the company made profits in the operations of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate.
(b) Potassium chloride operations: the business plate consists of molecular companies such as Potassium Fertilizer, Trinity Potassium Fertilizer, Metaton Potassium Fertilizer, Crystal Technologies, etc., which is the core business of the company and is designed to produce 500 tons.
In 2020, production amounted to 551.75 million and sales amounted to 64.490 million tons. Potassium chloride was used in various companies. Lithium carbonate operations: the company ' s subsidiary, the Luthium Blue Company, had 10,000 tons/year of lithium carbonate production capacity, based on the production of halogium emitted from potassium fertilizer, and introduced advanced Russian lithium technology 2020.
The company increased its investment in lithium carbonate operations in 2020, with the construction of a new 20,000-ton battery-grade lithium carbonate project, which has been successfully tested, and is expected to release some of its capacity in 2021, with new capacity.
The future ratio of lithium carbonate operations will increase even further with the release. National potassium-fat tap, absolute industry leader 2.1, industry in maturity and slow growth
Potassium chloride is mainly used for the production of agro-combined fertilizers and can also be used in other industrial areas such as potassium salt extraction, medical treatment, electroplating and petroleum.
In agriculture, potassium is one of the three necessary nutrients for crop growth, and potassium chloride, because of its high nutrient concentration and abundance of resources, is relatively cheap, accounting for more than 95% of the application. Fertilizer application has grown from zero.
In the negative growth phase, the production of traditional fertilizers by fertilizer companies has been significantly constrained, and the start-up rate of complex fertilizers by firms has been declining, with a consequent reduction in demand for traditional potassium nitrogen phosphorus raw materials. Industrial applications have been growing in scope with economic development, but less so for industrial applications.
The pharmaceutical industry is used as a urinary agent and as a drug to combat potassium deficiency. The dye industry is used to produce g salt, active dyes, etc.
2.2. Industrial Policy Friendly (1) Industry Regulatory System and Authority, Corporations, in accordance with the SEC Guidelines for Classification of Listed Companies (Revised 2012)
The division of the company is potassium fertilizer, which is a resource-type potassium fertilizer production enterprise, so that the company is under the supervision of both the mining authority and the authority responsible for the marketing of fertilizers.
The Ministry of Land and Resources, the Department of Land and Resources of Qinghai Province, the Department of Fertilizer Production and Marketing is the Ministry of Agriculture and the Development and Rehabilitation Board, among others, and the potassium fertilizer industry, which is governed by self-regulation by industry associations, is now part of the inorganic salt industry in China.
The Inorganic Salt Industry Association of China ' s Potassium Salt (Old) Industry Branch, which regulates the potassium fertilizer industry, the management of the industry by industry associations is limited to industrial policy, industrial development planning and other macro-management, and the production and operation of intra-industry enterprises is market-based.
(b) Industrial policy brief The potassium fertilizer industry is an agricultural sector that is a priority for the State, which encourages development.
The fertilizer industry, including potassium fertilizer, has been given a number of advantages in terms of rail prices. 2.3. The supply of potassium chloride is concentrated, demand is stable and supply factors have a significant impact on prices. (1) Market supply is highly concentrated and heavily dependent on imports.
According to U.S. Geological Survey (usgs) statistics for 2012, the global potassium salt resource economic reserve is 9.5 billion tons (ko2). The global potassium salt resource distribution is relatively high, with most of the world-class potassium salt basins and large deposits found at 40 degrees north latitude.
Between 60 degrees, the large potassium salt deposits available for economic exploitation include more than a dozen mines in Saskatchewan, Canada, the Ural region of Russia, the Starobin mine of Belarus, the Seypripe region of Brazil, the Salt Lake of Tsalhan, China, and so forth. Canada, Russia, Belarus, three countries.
Together, potassium reserves account for 89 per cent of the world ' s total reserves, and we are a country with a shortage of potassium resources, which currently account for only 2 per cent of the world ' s reserves. Our potassium salt resources are concentrated mainly in Lake Salt of Qing Haichall Khan and Lake Robbo Salt of Xinjiang, with the main potassium fertilizer.
Qinghai Salt Lake Industries Co. Ltd., Potassium Tsinghe, Anko, Qinghai