Potassium Fat + Lithium Carbonate, two engines, sailing, new voyages. Losing loss business, high-quality potassium lithium re-engaging company is the largest potassium fat in the country.
The company, which also has a lithium carbonate production profile, has potassium chloride, technical lithium carbonate, batteries, and has a lithium carbonate (less than fully produced) production capacity of 5 per 10,000 tonnes/year.
Multiple factors, such as inadequate supply, rising prices for supplies, immature technology for critical installations, and inadequate control over safe production, have led to huge losses on multiple projects. After removing the loss load, companies will rely on high-quality “potassium fertilizer plus lithium carbonate” assets to jointly drive growth in their performance.
Potassium Fertilizer: We have a high level of external dependence, higher food prices boost the global oligopoly of potassium fertilizer, which is expected to remain even in demand and supply in the future.
High concentration, cr3, is 86%. In the future, the country will basically maintain the current level of potassium fertilizer production, and will maintain a long-term high level of external dependence. Since 2021, factors such as higher food prices have stimulated the price of potassium fertilizer, thanks to interns Jo Jia-chul and Zhang Ze-chung for their assistance in this report.
The rise in demand for food as a result of the increase in the global population will result in a robust growth demand for the potassium fertilizer industry, but it is expected that potassium fertilizer prices will continue to experience cyclical shocks as a result of supply-side effects. Companies, as leaders in the potassium fertilizer industry, have significant technological advantages and costs.
Lithium carbonate: With the global mismatch between supply and demand, prices are expected to rise further to the global high pool of lithium resources. Lithium prices have continued to decline since the height of the expansion in 2017-2018. Lithium prices have rebounded in recent times as demand has improved.
Taking into account the low effective increase in global lithium resources in 2021 and the uncertainty of future capacity investment, demand is expected to increase significantly with the pull of new energy vehicles, and carbon-acid lithium prices are expected to rise further. The company’s ability to produce lithium carbonate will expand, contributing to an increase in performance.
On the basis of comparable corporate valuations, we give the company 20 times the growth potential of potassium chloride, carbon, taking into account the company's lithium carbonate business, and in the light of the climate of the business landscape, we think that the company 3. On the basis of comparable corporate valuations, we give the company 20 times the level of potassium chloride and 40 times the size of the company's lithium carbonate business.
We disagree with the market: Potassium Fertilizer: It is expected that the future global supply of and demand for potassium fertilizer will remain balanced, and that our current production of potassium fertilizer will remain largely at a level that will remain relatively high for the long term. On the price side, there has been a decrease since the beginning of the year in imports due to the increase in food prices and a decrease in imports, and the prices of potassium fertilizer in our country are expected to be innovative and high.
The increase in the global population will bring about a steady increase in demand for the potassium fertilizer sector, but the price of potassium fertilizer is expected to continue to be cyclical due to demand-supply and demand-phase mismatches Lithium carbonate: our lithium ore is heavily dependent on imports, but halogen resources are relatively abundant. As salt lake lithium is developed,
Lithium salt lakes will be promising in the future, and are expected to reduce costs further. Given the relatively small increase in effective global lithium resources in 2021 and the uncertainty of future energy delivery, demand is expected to increase significantly with the pull of new energy vehicles, and lithium carbonate prices are expected to rise further.
Potassium fertilizer, the largest company in the country, is the company’s performance of ballast, which contributes significantly to the company’s performance. At the same time, the Department is actively developing a second pillar of the lithium salt “1+2+3” annual production plan. The potassium plant maintains a better start rate, produces 5.5 million tonnes/year, and the 20,000 tonnes/year battery-grade lithium project is well under way, taking into account the fact that it is well under way.
The 30,000 tonnes/year Salt Lake Biadi project, which is expected to add potential over the next 40,000 tonnes/year, has been calculated to lead to increased demand for lithium carbonate due to a significant increase in global sales of new energy vehicles at different scales; the company battery-grade lithium carbonate project is on schedule; and the prices of lithium carbonate and potassium fertilizer continue to rise.
First, companies: decoupling loss operations and re-engaging high-quality potassium lithium (i) companies are home-grown potassium fatheads that continue to plow the lithium carbonate track.
The company was the pioneer of the Chinese potassium fertilizer industry, the largest potassium fertilizer company in the country, and also had the ability to produce lithium carbonate. The company was founded in 1958 as a former “Kinghai potassium fertilizer plant.” The first phase of the Chinese potassium project in 1986 was officially launched as a national “7.5” priority project, and in 1989 it began to be produced on a trial basis, resulting in the production of the first bag of potassium fertilizer.
The construction of the 1 million-ton potassium fertilizer project in 2004 has made our country the seventh country in the world to have a million-ton potassium fertilizer capacity. It has subsequently completed the conversion of potassium fertilizer to a potential capacity of 5 million tonnes/year since 2017. The 10,000-ton/year industrial lithium carbonate project has been able to maintain steady production since 2012, but it is still in the pilot phase, in 2017.
Completion of the completion of the refilling technology modification project, which exceeded 8,000 tons in the year to meet the design performance requirements. As a result of two consecutive fiscal years of negative net profits, 2017 and 2018, stocks were changed from “saline lake shares” to “*st salt lake” as of 30 April 2019. Large losses were identified in 2019 for the magnesium, salt lake combined utilization, resulting in a net audit for the third consecutive fiscal year.
Most of the company ' s equipment for the 20,000-ton/year battery-grade lithium carbonate project is currently in the experimental production phase. Currently, the company ' s main business is based on salt lake halogenated water, extracting potassium, lithium ion and producing products such as potassium chloride and lithium carbonate. The company owns potassium chloride, industrial lithium carbonate and battery-grade lithium carbonate (not fully produced) production capacity of 5 per cent, 10 per cent or 10 per cent, respectively.
Tens of tons to achieve high capacity utilization; the company will further plow the lithium carbonate track to achieve efficient use of saline lake halogen water resources. (ii) Losses are removed, leaving a high-quality “potassium lithium” asset that has been developed in a timely manner, with long-lived effects. The company initially developed in 2015 “Out of potassium, capture of magnesium, development of lithium, integration of alkaline, optimization of chlorine.”
The first draft of the industrial strategic plan, which was formally established in 2017 for the in-depth implementation of the integrated development and utilization of salt lake resources, has been followed by the expansion of new operations such as magnesium plates and chemical plates.
The company lost a significant amount of money, as follows: 1) The salt lake magnesium industry: a project for the integration of metal magnesium in the Qinghai Salt Lake. This project is the core of the country’s first 13 cycling economic test areas. The project’s proposed budget was invested in 43.220 billion yuan, as of October 16, 2019.
The project's installations have been built on a pilot basis, with a cumulative investment of $41,194 million. The project achieved a projected return of 7.14 per cent on post-natal investments, and 2) the Chemicals Branch: Project I and II for the Integrated Use of Salt Lake Resources in the Qinghai Region. The project is a continuation of one of the first 10 priority projects identified by the State Council in the west, the “One million tons of potassium fertilizer in the Qinghai Sea” project. The project's proposed budget includes an investment of $10,64 billion, up to 2019.
At the end of the period, total investment amounted to $12,288 million. The expected return on post-natal investment for projects I and II was 10.8 per cent and 14.8 per cent, respectively. 3) Heiner Chemicals: the Hainapvc integration project for Salt Lake Qinghai. 11,327 million yuan was invested in the project estimates, the main causes of the losses up to 2019 were: 1) insufficient supply of factors and higher prices for the supply of magnesium.
Project, integrated use of 12 million tons of coal per year, designed mainly from the Qinghai woody mining area at a cost of 300 yuan per ton, but after ecological governance stopped mining, companies purchased it from Xinjiang, within and outside, resulting in a substantial increase in gas and coal purchases to 800 yuan per ton; the amount of gas used for design was 1,429 million nm3 years, with an annual supply of only 440 million nm3 and winter was sufficient only to protect it.
(ii) Salt Lake, where the combined use of installations is extremely relevant, but is affected by poor natural environment and understaffing due to the high altitude of the high-altitude zone, which is affected by, among other things, poor natural conditions and lack of human capacity;
Development barriers are enormous. Although a package of electrolytic magnesium processing technologies has been introduced in Heidru, the metal magnesium integration that is actually being built has been out of production for most of the year, with higher market climates such as pvc, burning alkaline, cement, etc., not produced, and associated adaptations have resulted in higher losses.
On 30 September 2019, the Sitning House ruled in the case of the company's bankruptcy, and on 20 April 2020, the Qinghai Salt Lake Industries Company Ltd. was brought to completion. The Reorganization Plan implemented the capital pool increase at a rate of 9.5 shares per 10 shares.
2,646,786,071 shares, transfers to creditors to cover debt and disposal by managers, of which: (1) a bank as a creditor, transfers were made to the market on 31 March 2020; and (2) about 70,751,800 shares remained to be transferred