(a) Events: the company published its annual performance report for 2019, with revenues of $18.25 billion over the period, an increase of 19.08 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother was 1.60 billion yuan, an increase of 23.42 per cent in the same year; the non-net profit to the mother ' s deduction was 1.47 billion yuan, an increase in the growth of the temporary release of the auxiliary industry under the pressure of the collection policy, with all core products covered by health insurance, with $5.70 billion in the industrial branch of 209h1, an increase of 28.8 per cent in the same year, and the Maori rate remained essentially stable (86 per cent).
Chinese Medicines (000963) [All major core products of the industrial branch of the United Nations are included in the national health-care catalogue, eight products are included in the national base drug catalogue, marketing regulations]
Seven of the largest products and a very good product system. The company continues to benefit from Acarbo sugar (000963), one of the two billion varieties: performance has grown steadily and has been incorporated into the 2019th edition of the National Health Insurance Directory, which, although the same scale as the 17th edition of the catalogue was used to cancel hospitalization claims, has been added.
R & D pipelines have gradually enriched the power of White Mayang, targeted pharmacy health insurance payments, and the G.C.G. has expanded its grass-roots and otc channels to promote the layout strategy, with 100 million capsules expected to be in hoofs.
The second round of the procurement policy is not expanding in the region, and the company's variety is not in the catalogue (000963); it's a warmer business, and it's a new doctor.
In the interim, pressure gathering was released, and industrial growth was high throughout the year.
China East Medicine (000963) [United Medico-American Business has become a new growth point in corporate performance. The company has continued to increase its investment in medical-American business on the basis of former Ningbo sales of Korea's proximate products, called Yvonne.
In April 2019, with professional performance, the United Kingdom was bought in the first half of the year, with an increase of more than 40 per cent over the same year.
The US R2dermatology Company for the development of frozen and white- and white-related medical equipment and technology in the medical and aesthetic field has formally entered into a strategic partnership through equity investment in and shareholders in R2 and access to R2 R2-related research and development.
Frozen white and white medical equipment products have exclusive distribution rights in 34 Asian countries or regions, including China, Japan, Korea, etc., and an important step has been taken in the field of international markets and medicine and the United States. Medical and American operations have gradually become a major part of the corporate system, requiring branches and growth points. Business branches have warmed back, collecting 12.29 billion yuan in 2019h1, an increase of 12.7 per cent over the 12.7 per cent increase.
After a two-year digital growth, growth in double digits was restored, with the Māori rate rising by 0.6 pct to nearly three years, a high of 8.08%, indicating that companies gradually absorbed the impact of the loss of transfer operations, and that the Zhejiang region’s regional advantages continued to grow.
The company continues to spare no effort in R & D, with 468 million yuan in R & D in the first half of the year, an increase of 77.3 per cent over the same year, which is somewhat below the 19h1 mark profit, and the company expects to spend more than 1 billion yuan on R & D throughout the year. The R & D pipeline is rich, and the progress ladder is reasonable.
Remedial studies and reports to cde, which are expected to produce batches by the end of the year; process information sheets submitted by Anatole and Capofine acetic acid, which will be subject to on-site inspection and are expected to receive production documents in the first half of 2020; and several other chemical drug varieties are conducting assessments of generic consistency, with the heavy-pound species of Akapopos (100 mg) taking the lead.
The biopharmaceutical Lilalupi injection has fully started the ii phase of the national multi-centre clinic, a new ii clinic for late non-small cell lung cancer, and a new ii clinic for type Dpp-4 for type 2 diabetes.
The price reduction for health insurance is higher than expected; research and development is less advanced than expected; policy risks.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.