Chinese Medicine (0009663): High growth in industrial plates, increased investment in research and development 29 August 2019
The performance of the company in the second quarter was slightly lower than expected. The company achieved business income of 182.4 million yuan in the first half of 2019, an increase of 19.08 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company generated $8,543,000 in the second quarter, an increase of 14.09 per cent in the same year; and achieved a return.
Net profits of $689 million, an increase of 8.65 per cent over the same period.
Industrial plates are growing rapidly, and business plates are returning steadily. During the reporting period, China, China, China, China, and China achieved operating revenues of $5.702 billion and net profits of $1.313 billion.
On the whole and at the grass-roots level, the company's main product is expected to grow by 15% left, Acapo sugar is increasing by more than 30%, immunosuppressive products are increasing by close to 30%, and zirconium is growing by about 20%: second-line diglycerin, dimetrazine, dibuta.
Finn and datomoxin are growing at more than 100%, of which lingogramone dimetrazine is entering the 2019th edition of the health catalogue and is expected to accelerate and become another pound of the company’s diabetic species.
With $12,287 million, an increase of 12.69 per cent over the previous year, the increase was significantly faster than in the same period, with a Māori rate of 8.08 per cent, an increase of 0.58 per cent over the previous year, and a clear rebound in business plates, which in the short term would be a drag on corporate profits and could be expected to grow into public business in the future.
During the reporting period, company sales (+0.24 pp) increased significantly, mainly as a result of increases in the costs of sinclair, employee remuneration, and market promotion. During the reporting period, company R & D inputs increased significantly.
A significant increase in R & D costs of $468 million, an increase of 77.3 per cent over the previous year; a first-line second-stage clinical trial is expected to be carried out throughout the year and a third is expected to start in the second half of the year; a clinical trial has been completed for hd118; and a clinical trial has been completed for ttp 273
A clinical trial is expected to be conducted in the second half of the year; three clinical trials have been fully initiated in Lilarupine. In generics, Omera sodium carbonate capsules, Sigretin, two accelerometers have been completed and reported to cde; anatrical acne, vinegar.
The acid carpofens are about to be examined at the production site and are expected to receive production approvals by the end of 2019.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.