The profit rate of 19q2 is slightly lower than expected, and the revenue rate of the business plate is clearly warming, and the profit rate of 1902 is slightly lower than expected.
Realization of a net return to the mother, 1,596 million yuan, an increase of 23.42 per cent in the same year; realization of a deduction to the non-net profit, 1,474 million yuan, an increase of 16.16 per cent in the same year. On a quarterly basis, the company achieved an operating income of 8,544 million yuan, an increase of 14.09 per cent in the same year; realization of a return to the mother, a net profit of 689 million yuan, an increase of 8.65 per cent in the same year;
During the period, mainly as a result of such factors as higher sales costs and higher R & D rates on a year-on-year basis, the industrial plates continued to perform strongly, and, in the case of industrial plates, the company’s core subsidiary, Mid-American East 2019h1, achieved revenue of 57.02.
(b) Acapose income is expected to increase by more than 30 per cent, and the company Acapose is expected to continue to benefit from such factors as import substitution, channel depression and so on in the future;
Revenue is expected to increase by about 20% over the same year. In addition, the company’s dichotomazine is included in the 2019th edition of the health insurance routine and is expected to benefit from an increase in the volume of health insurance catalogue adjustments in the future.
The company’s business block of 2019h1 achieved revenue of $12,287 million, an increase of 12.69 per cent over the same period. It is expected that the company has gradually absorbed the phased impact of the “two votes” on the distribution business, with revenue rising significantly over the same period of the previous year.
With the gradual assimilation of policy influences such as the "two votes system" and the expansion of the company's share of pure sales, the growth of business sector revenues is expected to pick up gradually and expand the company's presence in the pharmaceutical distribution market in Zhejiang province.
In the first half of 2019, the company spent $469 million on research and development, an increase of 77.49 per cent.
First-line ii clinical trials, with preliminary clinical test results expected before the end of the year, multi-centre iii clinical trials scheduled for first-line treatment in the second half of 2019: oral glp-1 innovative drug tttp273 was approved in May 2019, and I clinical bridges are expected to take place in the second half of 2019
Tests; Lilalupi injection is now fully operational at the national multi-centre ii clinical trial. As for pharmaceuticals, Akapo syrup capsules have been evaluated for consistency; Linoxazine tablets, Kaglé, Kaglélé net double amitraz, Englélé net, Ma Schontentan.
Companies are researching a wealth of products and actively introducing high-quality varieties abroad, which provides a boost to long-term growth in their performance. Industry policy risks, such as double-ticketing, lower prices for medicines, etc.; and sales of priority products below expectations;
Product R & D is less advanced than expected Long-term benefits from health-care catalogue adjustments, and industrial plates are expected to maintain faster performance growth; 2) In terms of product abundance, companies continue to promote new drug research and development and increase their investment in research and development in the long term for the public
The Department's performance growth provides a boost; 3) on the business sector, companies are actively expanding the net sales ratio, and revenue growth is expected to recover. For the next six months, the “uptake” rating will be maintained.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.