Two-sink development (000895.sz) Yogan City, 2024 Report: net return to mothers down by 1 per cent on the same year, with high cash dividends maintained
Agro-forestry and pastoral fishing — agro-processing is largely the result of companies' insistence on “two-way control”, cost control, structural adjustment, profit and profit increases; other operations earn $9.96 billion, or +10.4 per cent, of their profits.
In addition, in 2024, the total export of meat products from companies increased, mainly in 2024, the production capacity of the slaughter industry increased, industry competition increased, and the rate of start-up was generally lower.
In addition, in order to safeguard the profits of fresh products, companies have reduced their sales in part of the low Māori channel, resulting in a year-on-year decline in the same amount of meat slaughter. In meat business, a total of 4699 yuan worth of annual profits has been generated in 2024, with a record high level of profit; and new and emerging outlets have grown by more than 70% year-on-year, and online meat has grown by more than 70% year-on-year.
Looking ahead to 2025, the company plans to continue to promote web-site development, strengthen marketing innovation, professionalize the meat market, increase the distribution of fresh products, network, and scale up, accelerate the transformation of the farm industry to make a profit. The business as a whole is expected to develop steadily.
New business performance, such as prefabricated vegetables, is expected to contribute to the growth of performance. The company has accelerated the prefabricated plate layout in recent years, established the Catering Department in 2021, and has now formed a professional research and development team and a professional cook team dedicated to the development of prefabricated vegetable products.
Prefabricated and semi-finished vegetables such as casseroles, chopsticks, pre-finished vegetables such as red meat, melt-button meat, twig bags, fast-food products such as blended noodles, halogenated sauce such as chicken, etc.
Food products, product markets are responding well, and it is expected to open up further room for growth in corporate performance. Companies have raw material advantages, processing advantages, channel advantages and good double-sink development (000895.sz)-2023: 2023 business performance
The development base is expected to increase corporate profitability even further.
Investment proposals: The company is the leader of the country ' s slaughter industry and maintains a high cash score. Taking into account the company ' s industrial performance, the double-sink development report (000895.sz)-2022 and the 2023 I quarterly report: net profit of $1 billion, a 35.6 per cent decline in comparison, mainly due to underconsumption, increased competition, etc.
This is largely due to the firm's insistence on “two-way control”, the implementation of cost controls, the promotion of structural adjustment, the same level of profitability, and the realization of operating income of 9.96 billion yuan in other branches of business, an increase of 10.4 per cent over the same period, a decline in operating profits over the same period, mainly due to the increase in production indicators in the farm sector and a decrease in farm costs.
Figure 1: Double-sink development operating income and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 2: Single-season operating income and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Double-sink development net profit and increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Single-season net profit and increase in double-sink development (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 5: Double-sink development revenue structure (in billions) Figure 6: Double-sink development major business gains
Net operating cash flows increased markedly over the same period, with a slight increase in the number of days of inventory turnover. 2024 net operating cash flows increased by +14.8 per cent to $8,416 million, representing 14.13 per cent of operating income.
Investment recommendations: The company is the leader in the country's slaughter industry, with a high cash score. Given corporate competitive pressures in the industry, the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.