Quarterly pressure on meat products, scale of slaughter and profit increases faster Double-sink development (000895.sz) Investment rating: upscaling (maintenance)
• The performance of the first quarter is under pressure to maintain an “upper” rating. The company issued a quarterly report in 2025. 2025q1 achieved $14.3 billion in revenue, i.e. 0.1 per cent of the year; the net return on the mother was $1,137 million, i.e. 10.6 per cent of the year, with a slight pressure on performance in the first quarter. We maintained a profit for 2025-2027.
A strong leader, a solid value investment target, maintains an “enhanced” rating. • Terminal deposing stock affects the volume of meat products sold, with ton profits remaining high, yielding $5.58 billion in meat products from 2025q1, a 17.8 per cent decrease compared to the same amount, with sales/unit prices measured separately.
The end-to-stock impact, while new channels have not been able to compensate for the decline in traditional channels, the effects of the professionalization reforms have been positive, and the roll-out of relatively low-tonne high-priced products is expected to lead to an increase in sales, a better scale and profitability of the ton Levy slaughter, and the continuous improvement in farm operations
The amount of RMB 70.0 billion, a 6.1 per cent increase in the same year, and the turnover of RMB 120 million, a year-on-year increase in the amount of RMB 2024q4, a marked improvement in profits, a maintenance of a red rate, increased market development and business performance by companies, a steady increase in the size of the slaughter and a generally stable level of profitability.
At the same time, the income of 2025q1 increased by 30.7 per cent, at a loss of $140 million, the number of pigs and chickens in companies has increased by the same percentage in the past quarter, the cost of farming has decreased by the same percentage, and the business of pigs and poultry has lost by the same amount.
"A significant improvement in the performance of 2024q3, meat products, companies will continue to strengthen their management upgrades and cost controls throughout the year, and business performance is expected to continue to improve throughout the year.
Qian, the cost of Quadriculture can be reduced to the industry average.