Surprisingly higher revenues, downstream warming + good performance of national production replacement 31 October 2023: On 30 October, the Third Quarterly Report of 2023 was released by North China.
The current revenue is $6,162 million, representing an increase of 34.88 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to mothers is $1,085 million, an increase in income profits from the same year, and full orders in hand. As a leading company in high-end electronics equipment in the country, the company \triangleright
In 2023, the q3 quarter generated $6,162 million, an increase of 34.88 per cent, mainly attributable to electronics, 63.43 per cent more than the previous quarter, corresponding to $5,551 million in equipment operations. 2.87 pct, the cost side is better controlled. Company 23q3, maintaining a steady profit growth trend, single
The net profit of the season was 1,085 million yuan, an increase of 16.48 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the deduction was 1,031 million yuan, an increase of 24.05 per cent over the same period.
Research assistant Zhang Wen Rain has a wealth of applications and new equipment is well under way. The company is both a mainstream state-of-the-art electronics equipment \triangleright
In the field of semiconductor equipment, the company has extensive process coverage, and diversified products are used in the manufacture of logical devices, storage devices, advanced packaging, etc. In the field of precision electronic components, the company promotes miniaturization, light quantification, and high precision.
1. Three-quarterly reporting points in North China (002371.sz) in 2022, with a wide range of applications for smart power grids, communications, medical electronics, precision instruments, automatic controls, etc.
In the field of vacuums and lithium appliances, companies are empowered to make green materials, new processes, new energy sources, etc. The results of research and development should be applied in the fields of materials thermal processing, vacuum electronics, new energy photovoltaics, new energy vehicles.
Performance forecast: Three-quarterly reports are over-expected, net profit companies in the area of equipment continue to develop new items, and in June 2023, 12 inches decoder acei 300, up by 2022/10/21.
In July, 12 inches of ion etching machine accurabe was released for use in the crystalline etching process, which led to a breakthrough in the national crystal edge dry etching equipment, and the new equipment was acquired.
It is proposed that North China create a national semiconductor equipment platform with a core competitive advantage, depending on the ongoing research on science, technology and innovation at the National Enterprise Technology Centre over the years.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.