The company ' s 2023q3 revenues on 17 November 2023 maintained high growth, contract liabilities increased further and “buy-in” ratings maintained
(b) With the gradual recovery of the semiconductor industry cycle, firm orders are expected to continue to grow, with our small top-up corporate profit profile leading us, and it is our belief that the company will benefit fully from the national production substitution process and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
• The national production semiconductor equipment has accelerated growth and continued to expand the product process coverage. The company has invested 1,389 million yuan in research and development, yoy + 13.61%. The company has continued to expand the product categories, adding up to the process of nationalization of the downstream crystal mills. For corrosion equipment, it is oriented towards 12 inches of logic, storage, power, etc.
Clients, such as advanced envelopes, have accumulated more than 2,000 cavities for icp etching products; 12 inches of ccp crystal edge etching machine, which is used to boost chip rates, has entered multiple production lines for certification. With regard to film equipment, a number of core key technologies, such as physical gas deposition, chemical gas deposition and atomic layer deposition, have broken through, and are widely applied to integrated circuits, integrated circuits, etc.
Power devices, advanced encapsulation, etc., accumulated over 3,000 cavities, supporting the bulk of domestic clients' production applications. In the case of stand-up equipment, the cumulative output was more than 500, and the logic was achieved with excellent production stability, and the profitability was significantly increased, supported by hand orders.
Recognition of mainstream customers in the areas of storage, power, containment, and liner material. For extended equipment, cumulative output increases a company information update report. Nearly 1,000 cavities, covering application needs in the areas of integrated circuits, power units, silicon materials, third generation semiconductors, etc.
In the area of washing equipment, there are two major technological platforms, one-size-fits-all and slot-cleaning, which are mainly used for 12-inch integration.
- Corporate Information Update - 2023.4.29