3-quarterly review 2023: high performance growth, 31 October 2023 Keyword: #import substitution
Incidents: The company issued a three-monthly report in 2023. ▪ Electronics equipment continued to grow at a high rate, with contractual liabilities reaching $12.9 billion, or +63 per cent of the year, representing the main driving force behind the revenue-side growth.
Submechanical services, which are expected to be affected by the downside of consumer electronics, with the appearance of 2023q1-q3 and +9%, reflect the company’s new and strong record, which will sustain high growth at the end of the company’s revenues. The change in product structure has led to a decline in the Māori rate and a marked fall in the cost rate during the period.
▪ The indigenous semiconductor equipment platform company, which replaces the wave wave with long-term beneficiary production (1) etching equipment: for 12 inches of logic, storage, power, advanced encapsulation, etc., to achieve full coverage of silicon, metal, medium etching processes. (2) membrane sedimentation equipment: breakthroughs at pvd, cvd and
A number of core technologies, such as ald, have resulted in 20 products such as copper interconnection film deposition, aluminium film deposition, etc. becoming "Norwegian" (002371); in mid-2023, the main domestic chip factory's optimist table. 3) Stereo equipment: mid-temperature oxidation/reflection furnace, high-temperature oxygen.
(d) Expiration equipment: cover sic
Outliers, silicuggan extenuators, 6/8 inch multiple silicon extenuators, etc. 5) Cleaning equipment: a single scrubber covering the entire ai/cu process, which is an optimist platform for the domestic mainstream vendor back-tracking process; slot scrubbers producing quantities at multiple client ends, with repeated orders.
(a) "North China Soft (002371); semiconductor platform-type companies, beneficiary-substitution plus profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account, inter alia, changes in corporate income structure, lower cost rates, etc.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.