The engineering vehicle needs relay, and the performance is beyond market expectations. 13 July 2017
Quarterly growth, excluding the impact of a quarter on incentive costs, was expected mainly to include: 1) continued high sales in the heavy-card sector, with a cumulative total of about 570,000 heavy-card sales in the first half of 2017 (year-on-year +67 per cent); and 2) active production by companies to meet market demand, with a sustained increase in market share and surplus
To benefit from excess-load governance, the long-term balance distribution of heavy cards has been moved up to between 700,000 and 900,000. 1) Based on international experience, heavy-card holdings are positively correlated with macroeconomics. Considering the steady growth of transport demand, heavy-card holdings continue to follow macroeconomic “stable growth” of between 5 and 8%. 2) It has been measured to be excessive.
Overriding governance has reduced the effective capacity of logistics vehicles by about 20%, based on 2.5 million such vehicles, and is expected to result in a cumulative demand of about 500,000 additional vehicles for the period 2016-2018. Heavy card holdings will continue through 2018. Since the second quarter of this year, there has been an increase in the volume of engineering vehicles sold;
Overseas M&As support the strategic transition, leading to domestic equipment production. Until 2010, the company was supported by engines, whole cars, and gearboxes, and became the industrial dragon of the country’s heavy-card and engineering machinery.
In August 2012, he bought 25% of Queau's shares and Lindh's hydraulic pressure for 740 million euros.
On June 22, Queshu acquired Dematek to enter the area of logistics automation equipment. The company progressively assessed that the demand for engineering vehicles had recovered and the quarterly reports had continued to be over-predicted as a combination of multiple operations, such as engines, hydraulics, forklifts and logistics equipment, with a balance between domestic and overseas.
In the light of the recovery of the industry, the company's performance is expected to be higher than the market.
Super-expected, a-quarterly-high-growth.
As a result, the company ' s market share has declined; the merger integration process has fallen short of expectations.