The second quarter net profit and ring upgrade, the Qingzhou project went well, the basic chemical industry, the chemical materials, the revenue and the net profit growth came mainly from the operation of the Qingzhou Base Phase I project, and the operation of the Texas facility itself.
The company sold Māori in the second quarter of 2024, and the company sold Māori in the second quarter of 2024.
Large, due mainly to the self-use of some intermediate products. The company ' s new energy source, new materials/fat urea, is expected to increase in the second quarter of 2024, with the same price increases for isocool, nylon 6, vinyl ammonium and acetic acid.
The prices of urea, adipic acid and carbonate decreased in the first half of the year, while the prices of isocool, nylon 6, vinylamide and acetic acid increased in the same year. The domestic market for urea as a whole was shaken in the first quarter of 2024, while the second quarter of urea agriculture and industrial demand were released, pushing the urea price to run up; July
The demand for urea is low, prices are down, and downstream co-fertilization is expected to rise between late August and September, contributing to the urea market and warming. The demand for urea downstream plastics is low, and earnings are at risk. The cost of hydrazine is strong, and demand for nylon 6 is either starting or rising, supporting the hydrazine climate.
Walluheungl (600426.sh) – Quarterly net profit increases, low-cost competition – lower-end coal prices of raw materials increase the price differentials for the products of the Auxiliary Company.
In 2024, the price of coal and acrylic raw materials from the company fell and the price of pure benzene from the same price went up.
The Wallau Henlium (600426.sh) - 2023q3 performance and ring ratio rises, the Qingzhou project The Wallau Henglew (600426.sh) - Multi-occupational Coal Industries Lead, Periodically Growing and Reinvestment Proposal: The Company has a relatively strong cost advantage and new capacity to boost sales. The Company continues to promote the project.
Construction, optimized upgrading of materials for ammonium in the state of Texas, 200,000 tons of binary acids are being stepped up. The base in the state collects 90.0 billion yuan (year + 43 per cent, ring + 13 per cent) in the second quarter of the year, 1.16 billion yuan (year + 25 per cent, ring + 9 per cent) in the mother ' s net profit, and 1.17 billion yuan (year + 27 per cent, ring + 9 per cent) in the non-mother ' s net profit.
The efficiency of the operation of the Qingzhou Base Phase I project and the technological upgrading of its facilities in the state of Texas led to an increase in the production and sale of major products. Māori sales were 20.6 per cent in the second quarter of 2024 (year-0.9 ptt, ring-1.3 ptt), sales of company-owned products increased by the same year in the second quarter of 2024, new energy materials/fertilizers/organics/acetic acids and derivatives.
Ten thousand tonnes (year-on-year +32/+44/+16/+152%). Of this, the difference between production and sales of new energy-related materials is shown in figure 5: sales of new energy-related materials from Walluhengl (tonnes) and figure 6: sales of new energy-related materials from Waruheinl (tonnes)
The urea landscape is expected to increase, with prices for isocool, nylon 6, vinylamide and acetic acid increasing by the same amount.
Co-influences: prices of urea, adipic acid and carbonate decreased in the first half of the year, while prices of isocool, nylon 6, vinylamide and acetic acid increased in the same year. The domestic market for urea as a whole was shaken down in the first quarter of 2024, while urea agriculture and industrial demand released on a continuous basis, driving up the price of urea; urea in the lower quarter of July, prices
Downwards, and downstream co-fertilization is expected to rise from late August to September to contribute to the urea market. Under octanol, there is a lower demand for downstream plasticizers and a downside risk for profit. The cost of nylons is strong, and demand nylons 6 are either starting or rising to support the ceremonial anesthesia.
In the first half of 2024, the company’s main raw material source, coal, benzene, and so on, the purchase price of coal and acrylic material was lower and the price of pure benzene was higher. Of this, raw coal was the company’s primary raw material, and its price was higher for the company’s main product.
Figure 9 urea prices and price differentials (in yuan/tons) Investment proposals: the company’s cost advantage is relatively strong, and new production and sales are increasing. The company continues to build the project, the current state of Texas has upgraded its Amanamine raw materials optimally, the 200,000 tons of binary acid is being intensified, and the state base project is progressing well.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject