The first half of the year was over-expected, and sales of major products increased significantly.
The net profit of the shareholders belonging to the parent company was 2,224 million, or +30.1 per cent, of which q2 achieved a year-on-year growth in business performance and continued project construction.
Market data: August 23, 2024. Growth. Active downstream applications, increasing sales of fertilizers, basic chemicals, new chemical materials, new energy materials.
Highest/minimum in the year: Construction: state base projects are progressing well, major product sales have increased significantly, and prices have fallen in varying degrees. Companies have been associated with new energy materials in the first half of the year.
\triangleright products, chemical fertilizers, organochlorine series products, acetic acids and derivatives sold in the first half of the year urea/hexamide/pa6/octaol/dmf/acetic anhydride/acetic acid/trimide, respectively
Basic data: 30 June 2024 Māori increased slightly over the same year, and net operating cash flows increased over the same year. The Māori sales rate for companies was 21.2 per cent, an increase of 0.34 pct over the same year, with an increase of 68.55 per cent in the cost of sales over the same period.
This is due to an increase in salary and storage costs. The financial costs are the result of an increase in the interest and interest income of the subsidiary, compared with 471.76 per cent. With respect to cash flows, net cash flows from operating activities increased by 22.34 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly as a result of an increase in cash inflows received as a result of increased sales income.
The start of the new project is not as fast as expected: due to the growth of the company, it is now largely dependent on the Qingzhou base.
When new projects are scaled up, if new projects are put into operation at a later stage, there is a downside risk to the company's future income growth and the post-natal price system: due to a relatively flat demand increase, the corresponding capacity increase is at \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.