Basic Chemical Group Risk resistance continues to materialize, and companies continue to operate robustly in the long run for 2 seasons, with production maintaining high start-up capacity.
“Walu Heungl Company Review: Further increase in production and sales, profit ring improvement, maintenance of robust operations, greater growth in income from new materials, 10 per cent increase in production and sales, 28 per cent increase in sales, lower sales of fertilizers than production, overall acetic acid wiring”
“Walu Heungl Company Review: The industry operates under pressure, produces a relatively balanced product when it is necessary to digest, and the organic amide plate sales ring is 7% and 23% below. In terms of product movement, the company continues its multi-product control advantage, through product adoption.
“Walu Hisung-Long Company Review: The State Base — A Time for Production, Re-enlightenment of Public Work to Maximize Consolidated Benefits”, 2023.11.9.
As a result of the improved performance, the combined operational advantages have been further enhanced, the creative capabilities have been further enhanced over the past quarter, and subsequent developments have been accompanied by the progressive deployment of the company's urea project and the subsequent new materials project, and the combined operational advantages of the county base have been added.
Most of the product price risks have been released, and the company’s low-cost advantage of gasification can guarantee a better level of profit. From the current operations of most of the major chemical products, new production and supply have put considerable competitive pressure on the industry, as well as on the course of the company’s race.
Large, but now it looks like most products with competitive pressure on their production are rewinding largely near the end, and the profitability of the product is in a state of grinding, the cost-control capabilities of the company and the combined platform advantages sustain the company's effective profit margin, and the company's two-quarters.
The achievement of a single-quarter Māori rate of 20.59%, net interest rate of 13.9%, and the relative bottom level of the industry have maintained a better risk resistance.
Sustained project investment and cost optimization will also continue to extend corporate competitiveness. Firm corporate development, cash flow, and financial structure are well regulated, with constant cost optimization releasing public profits.
Following a series of planned herbic acids, monic acids, nylons66 and bdo products, there will continue to be a sustained increase in capacity and project landing, accompanied by a gradual warming of overall textile clothing and a new project increment, and the company ' s profitability is expected to improve on a continuous basis.
Risk of large fluctuations in prices of raw materials and products; competitive risks associated with the release of new production capacity.