Performance in capacity-building, increasing revenue and increasing sustained activity - Wallu Hisung Litt (600426.sh) incident assessment report
16,075 million yuan, or 37.35 per cent over the same period; a net return of 2,224 million dollars, resulting in higher growth in the double-edged performance of companies in terms of volume of production and sales. 2024h1, influenced by weak market demand and the fall in the prices of chemical products.
Thanks to Qingzhou’s production schedule and the Ministry’s transformational expansion, product sales have been high, yield growth has been higher, leading to higher corporate performance. The 2024h1 company’s product line performance has grown significantly, and the acetic acid business has grown faster than expected.
Total production of new energy materials/chemical fertilizers/organamine/acetic acids and derivatives
543 million yuan, with the net profit rate of the Jianzhou project up from 2023 in the first half of the year.
1 Wallau Heung Litt (600426): New projects: sustainable production capacity and cost optimization to sustain the company's profitability The company maintains production capacity at a pace of 200,000 tons of adipic acid and 520,000 tons of urine
There are several new projects under way to build future growth points, such as the nylon 66 high-end new materials, the lymphoric material optimization project, and the meth resin monolithic material. Adding the company’s main raw materials to a lower price of coal, the company’s profitability is expected.
With the extension of the industrial chain and the start of production at the county base, firm performance is expected to increase steadily, with projects falling short of expectations; the rise in raw materials; and downstream demand falling short of expectations.
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.