Wallowe Heung-Il (600426.sh): Xingzhou Base has contributed to the growth of performance and the simultaneous development of the two bases.
In 2024, Walluheung reported that the company had achieved operating income of 16,975 million yuan in the first half of the year, and that Waruheungl was a modern, multi-skilled, multi-sector industrial enterprise.
Youy+37.35% net return to the mother, 2.224 billion yuan, yoy+30.10%. Qingzhou base capacity is released, leading to performance growth. At the income end, in the first half of 2024, it benefits from products such as groceries, adipic acids, intermediates, etc.
The operation of the state-based first phase of the project and the technological enhancement of the state-owned plant in Texas are dominated by a number of industrial and technological platforms, such as gasification, synthesizing, “multiline” flexible multi-products.
The company’s sales of new energy-related products grew by 28.47% on a year-on-year basis, its industrial layout was improved and its traditional capacity was upgraded by 18.64% on a year-on-year basis, and its sales of fertilizer products grew by 43.50% on a year-on-year basis and its revenues increased on a year-on-year basis.
Actively developing a project for downstream processing of synthetic gas, integrated with the petrochemical downstream industrial chain, to create high-end new material plates. Sales of acetic acid and derivatives increased by 148.03 per cent and revenue by 145.66 per cent on a profit-side basis.
The company’s combined Māori ratio increased by 0.34 percentage points to 21.20 per cent, leading to net profit growth. The twin-base project is being built in tandem to safeguard the company’s medium- and long-term development.
Increasing capacity for integrated use of resources on a continuous basis and building on inherent advantages to sustain the extension of the industrial chain and the upgrading of products to open up new profitable growth points. At the same time, companies are strategically positioned to build new projects at their bases in Texas on the one hand, and to adapt their old projects on the other.
Upgraded and stocked follow-up projects on new energy sources, degradable plastics, etc., extending the industrial chain; on the other hand, the company took advantage of the opportunity to build a second base in the state and made every effort to build and open up the growth space for the Xingzhou base project, which has now become operational and has been collected by the state company in the first half of 2024.
Building projects, which we expect to contribute to the growth of performance in the next generation of new projects, corporate profitability projections and investment ratings among enablers: companies take full advantage of the “one-line” revolving economy's flexible multi-yielding advantages and continuously increase their efficiency capabilities, while increasing their profitability through successive future new products.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the state base has contributed to the growth of its performance, and that the twin bases are developing simultaneously to ensure medium- and long-term growth.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Hualuhingl (600426.sh): The state base has contributed to the growth of its performance, and the twin bases have developed simultaneously to guarantee medium- and long-term growth.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.