Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Biotech and Life Sciences 3-quarter performance traps, and Innovative Medicines are expected to enter the harvest period Events: Companies issue the third quarter report for 2020 and harvest in the first three quarters of 2020
q3 performance was at the cut-off point, and the main business started to recover quickly. q3 net profit returns to the mother amounted to $299 million in the first quarter, an increase of 60.55 per cent over the same period, while the ring also continued to show a significant improvement compared to q2 with a 65.19 per cent rise in the ring and a clear cut-off point.
Infusion plates and formulation plates have recovered rapidly as the national epidemic subsides and the number of people visiting the clinic warms; Tsunning's main sales product has been subject to temporary fluctuations in market demand for the last three quarters, but the price remains at the aggregate equity/flow (million shares)
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Innovation drugs are expected to enter the harvest period, and platform validation is expected to accelerate. Corporate innovation plates are gradually forming clusters of products with high-tech barriers, of which pd-l1 units are expected to survive in 2021.
Colum Pharmacy (002422), "Pacific Medicine" has been approved for listing. The company now has eight big molecules and four small molecules in the clinical order.
Half-yearly, six-year performance traps, i.e. a combination of drugs, single resistance) are outside the clinical stage, and the initial completion of inhibitors and antibodies at immunization sites - 2020/08/29.
Focused layout on Ids (adc); in target selection, Colon achieved a reasonable configuration of proven old targets and new targets to be verified, including pd-l1 and her2 and new targets, including lag-3, Tim-3, trop2, some of the new ones to be expected
Target drugs are expected to enter the platform validation period in the first half of next year, and we believe that the company has begun to escape the effects of the epidemic in all its lines of operations this past three quarters, and that profit projections and financial indicators:
Pacific Securities Institute, 9 North Avenue, Beijing West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.