q3 Center for Medical Health Research accelerated recovery, expecting the production of innovative medicines to be declared, company basics (RMK)
In recent days, the company has issued a three-monthly report for 2020, with revenues of 11.6 billion yuan, a net return of 50 million yuan to the mother, an apparent recovery from the seizure point, a single-season recovery, and maintenance of the price of the Trunchin intermediate, with the expectation of a declaration of production of innovative medicines.
The same reduction is evident, as the general population ' s habits of life improve, reducing the prevalence of flu fever and the demand for medication. The first half of the year, when the company ' s infusion plates were affected by the epidemic, was expected to perform only half the same period of the previous year. With the second half of the year, the outbreak control and the recovery of intra-q3 clinics, a single season.
Infusion plates are expected to recover by over 90 per cent over the same period. In the long term, future infusions are expected to re-structure their products to replace low-mori varieties such as plastic bottles for high-mori varieties, such as bags.
The performance of the company ' s antibiotic intermediate, q3 q3, is expected to continue to accelerate, taking into account financial costs, and the performance of q1-q3 Kawanin is expected to reach 2.
Prices have been stable and, by the end of September, Sulphur red was about $390/kg, 7-acca prices were about $460/kg, 6-apa prices were about $205/kg, and q4 was expected to continue, with year-round performance in Kawaning. New sales of generics met expectations, and consistency evaluations entered the harvest period: 20h1 new counterfeiting of pharmaceutical varieties
Sales are expected to be 920 million yuan in total, or about 23% in comparison; sales of new counterfeits continue to accelerate in Coreshu, Balot, Dot + Dot Domón, and overall are expected to reach over $2 billion a year. Research and development inputs continue to grow, and innovation drugs are expected to be declared for the first time next year: company q1-q3 R & D costs
About $1 billion, and research and development investment continues to increase in the context of the epidemic. Innovative drug varieties are moving faster, including pd-l1, egfr, vegf, and so on.
Her2/trop2adc is in good shape. Given the short-term damage of the infusion to the epidemic, the Trentin price stoppage, the amount of counterfeit medicines distributed, and the uncertainty of the clinical progress of the innovative medicine in developing varieties, both within and outside the country; the negative impact of the purchase of injection belts; and the epidemic.
The negative impact of the fluids, etc., is uncertain: there is uncertainty about the performance of the Trunchin intermediate price volatility. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then an average of the final rating is calculated as the average market investment