Steam zero business growth, solar client breakthrough - semi-annual review in 2020.
The company released its semi-annual report for 2020, which resulted in gross operating income of $5.318 billion in the first half of the year, a decline in the same year, an improvement in the refrigeration business and a negative growth in the gas zero business, and a decrease of 13.79 per cent in the business income of the company's refrigeration business in the first half of the year.
There has been an improvement, with a marked recovery in sales in May and June, and a promising increase in the q3 ring ratio; and a negative growth in the zero industry, which achieved operating income of $950 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 24.34 per cent over the same period, which is much faster than the industry level, with the continued rapid growth of new energy auto heat management products.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s refrigeration and zero operations rates fell by 0.12 pct and 3.63 pct, resulting in 2.50 pct. The company ' s q2 financial cost rates rose by the same and ring ratio for the period.
The company has made a breakthrough and successfully entered the Toyota supplier system in the first half of the year, and the client structure has been further optimized. Recently, the company has been identified as a new energy vehicle with multiple heat series.
The revenue structure (2020h1) The exclusive supplier of valve, pump and pump products is expected to sell around $2.5 billion throughout the life cycle and the competitiveness of new energy car heat management products is recognized again.
Unexpected risk of vehicle sales: risk of industrial policy changes: risk of exchange rate fluctuations, etc. First reporting date: 16 November 2017
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.