Shen Jia's performance fell slightly in the first half of the year, and the steam zero business is expected to accelerate growth.
The company released its semi-annual 2020 report, which achieved operating income of $5.318 billion, yoy-8.8%, recorded net profits, and the company’s performance met expectations. In the short run, demand improved downstream after the epidemic subsides, and revenue from the new energy zero business is expected to follow the new vehicle.
In the medium-to-long term, the company, which had been deployed earlier in the area of a new energy car heat management system, had entered the supplier system of North American, European, and solar companies, with the prospect of a fast-tracking of the new energy automobile industry, with robust company operations and a significant increase in zero revenue from new energy sources: the company published its semi-annual report for 2020.
It is expected that q2 will earn 2.8335 billion yuan, yoy-7.1 per cent of its operating income, and that it will be well managed during the first half of the year, with only a small drop in revenue and Māori rates and a substantially flat cost. On the revenue side, in the first half of the year, the new energy car heat management system will be in place.
It is an important point of growth, with revenue from the engine zero business, yoy+24.3 per cent; while revenue from the refrigeration business fell by 13.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the sales of the q2 refrigeration business product have improved significantly as the epidemic subsides. Māori business Māori has remained at almost the same level, but Māori car parts business has fallen by 3.63 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
This is mainly due to the fact that the production of the zero new energy project is still on the rise, with a higher share of depreciation; and the increase in the portfolio, with some of the outsourcing components being low. The Māori rate is expected to recover steadily in the future as scale effects increase.
Measures such as inventory, acceleration of repayments, etc. increase turnover, resulting in a 33% increase in net corporate cash flows over the same period, reflecting the company’s greater ability to operate.The new energy zero project is being released, and the new energy efficiency standards for air conditioning are increasing the value of the package: companies in the second half of the year.
On the zero side, with the rapid increase in sales of model3 and the listing of products such as modely, popular meb platform new cars, new energy sources and zero revenues are expected to grow rapidly from the second half of the year to the next. Companies are also actively promoting integration projects to obtain more.
In the refrigeration business, downstream demand is expected to recover as real estate is warmed up and industry stores are replenished; with the implementation of the new energy efficiency standards on 1 July, the penetration rate of the electronic inflation valve is expected to increase rapidly, contributing to the increase in revenue.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.