3x10 (00250) Household appliances q2 battalion has a narrow collection and zero growth rate and South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: company revenue of $5.32 billion in 2020h1, a decrease of 8.8 per cent over the same period; net return on the mother ' s return. A gold dividend of approximately $360 million was found, representing 55.7 per cent of net profit on the parent ' s return in the reporting period.
During the reporting period, the company ' s Māori rate was 27.8%, a 0.5pp decrease over the same period, mainly due to an increase in the share of low Māori auto component operations.
The company ' s sales/management/financial costs rate of 4.8 per 10.4 per cent/-0.6 per cent, respectively, is faster than the recovery of refrigeration operations in the second quarter of the same year, with the replenishment cycle plus product structural upgrades contributing to a rebound in performance. As the epidemic is gradually brought under control and downstream air-conditioning plants are recovering, there was a marked recovery in refrigeration sales in May and June.
In the coming years, the air-conditioning industry is expected to refill the inventory cycle, and the implementation of new air-conditioning energy efficiency targets will accelerate e-inflation, increase the penetration of the valves, and lead to a combination of company cooling operations and Māori growth. • New Open Day orders will boost growth, and the company is expected to grow into a steam zero system integrator.
Toyota's system of suppliers of solar-system customers has been broken down and successfully entered. Companies have been cut in by spare parts and gradually have become more intelligent (002050): zero gas keeps growing, moves towards components and subsystems, actively promotes integrated module projects, and makes heat management products more standardized,
q1 Real profitability not affected (2020-04-29) Integration and platforming, increasing the value of the zero-air business while also increasing the stickyness of the mainframe plant and the company, with 2.3 Māori intellectual controls (002050): Māori increase, deductions
Helping companies to maintain a leading edge. Net profits increased significantly (2019-10-24) 3. 3-Purpose (002050): Steam zero and overseas operations insurance
The three-year net return of profits will maintain a composite growth rate of 11.9%, maintaining a “holding” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.