The new energy heat management song, the marginal improvement of home power business.
Chai Ka Fai, a research assistant, has grown 24.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the new energy sources have sung up and made up for the traditional zero.
H1 had a combined income of 950 million yuan, or +24.3 per cent, of which 410 million were used in traditional vehicles, which for the first time exceeded the income level of traditional vehicles for the first time in the same year; 170 million were earned in the same year and 7.6 per cent in the same year in the first half of the year, 133,000 vehicles were sold in the same year and 22 per cent in the same year by the three-flower clients, Modely began.
The volume of H1 sales, 3021; other customers Volvo, Wei, etc. are also growing rapidly, with a significant increase in the volume of vehicle sales from source sources, a significant increase in the value of the truck under the build-up trend, and a sharp increase in the first half of the year in the availability of new energy car products, but this has led to an increase in the share of excavated products and gross products.
Interest rates have fallen slightly in the second half of the year ahead. Tela is expected to continue to do so, the first half of the year was affected by the shutdown, the second half of the year was expected to continue to grow significantly, while other cars, meb, volvo, etc., continued to do so, while heat pump air conditioning applications, assembly drives, high single-carrying models like Modery,
At the end of the cycle, energy efficiency upgrades have pushed the country into a state of high quality and pre-eminence abroad.
The second half is better than the first half of the year.
The external epidemic affects microchannels, and the Avico business is down a lot. With the implementation of the new energy efficiency standard for air conditioners on 1 July, air conditioners that do not meet the new standards will no longer be produced, and the company's fists will be set for a high-growth cycle.
Businesses like Avico, MicroTool, etc. are expected to resume gradually. The overall pre-designer's power business, h2, is expected to grow by 24.3% on a year-on-year basis, and the new energy sources are going up and down, making up for the traditional windfall. 20q1 is expected to increase the impact of the epidemic in the country, the q2 overseas epidemic, the down-stream main plant phase is on hold, and the auto industry is on the move.
In this context, 3x10 million yuan, or +24.3 per cent of the total revenue, of which 410 million are conventional vehicles, representing only a small fall of 6.2 per cent, or 43 per cent; 540 million new energy vehicles, representing a significant increase of +64.8 per cent, or 57 per cent, exceeding the revenue level of traditional vehicles for the first time; and 170 million, or more, in the case of carbon zero operations.
+7.6 per cent of the same year ' s sales of 133,000 vehicles, 22 per cent of the same year ' s sales of Telamodel3 and 3021 of the same year started with the sale of mdel y; there was also a rapid increase in other customers, Volvo and Urai, with a significant increase in the volume of energy vehicles sold and a significant increase in the value of single-cars in the build-up and assembly trends in the first half of the year.
Data on the export of energy automobiles are good, but componentization has led to an increase in the share of excavated products, a small increase in the Māori rate, and, looking forward to the second half of the year, a further increase in the use of tela, the first half of the year affected by the shutdown, and a significant increase in the second half of the year, with other cars, meb, volvo, and so on, along with heat pumps, air conditioning applications, groups, etc.
In the second half of the traditional car business, it's expected to improve from the bottom, and throughout the year, domestic electricity is at the bottom of the cycle, energy efficiency is pushing the country into a state of high quality, and it's expected to be better overseas in the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, domestic demand for white electricity was depressed, overseas exports were blocked, and q2 overseas demand was also 100 million, compared to 11.6 per cent, with a small fall in air conditioning operations and a large drop in micro-channels affected by overseas epidemics and in the operations of Avico.
With the implementation of the new energy efficiency standards for air conditioners on 1 July, air conditioners that do not meet the new standards will no longer be produced and will promote an increase in the penetration rate of the electronic expansion valves of corporate fist products, estimated at 30 per cent penetration of the electronic expansion valves in 19 years, a recovery in 20 years, a strong sale since July and expected to be better off in the second half of the year than in the second half of the year, when the overseas epidemic has been brought under control.
In the second half of the year, it is expected that growth will resume. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited already has a securities investment advisory committee.