Decline in the sale of potassium fertilizer and steady progress in the construction of a new lithium salt project 30 October 2024 Lithium carbonate: drop in the sales ring and increase in stocks. 1) Volume: 24q1-q3 lithium carbonate production 3.1,
\triangleright
The national market for potassium fertilizer at 2533 yuan, or 16.1 per cent, for the research assistant, SNO, of which q3 is an average price of 2,500 yuan, ring ratio + 3.6 per cent, and the price of potassium fertilizer is stable.
On September 7, 2024, the company issued a public announcement to build a world salt lake industry base, and the company controlled the Qinghai National Investment Commission,
1. Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz) 2023: The controlling shareholder, Qing Hai Kuo, proposed to form the China Salt Lake Group with the five Chinese mines, while the China Salt Lake Group proposed to reduce its performance at cash prices + at higher cost, and expand its production capacity to serve as a champion.
2. Salt Lake (000792.sz) semi-annual 2023 reporting point
People will change to five mines in China. The company will be the only listed company under the five-mine flag that will be responsible for the development of salt lake resources.
The core point is the continued expansion of low-cost production capacity and the acceleration of the construction of the world salt lake base.
The best annual performance in history, waiting for the release of Salt Lake Dragon Heads - the industry continues to optimize the process and equipment, lithium lifting is mature and has now produced 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate production, and the new 40,000 tons of lithium salt expansion project is well under way, with production planned for the end of 2024, while capitalizing on the world salt.
The construction of the lake base is expected to accelerate, with a sharp downward trend in lithium prices, with salt lake lithium cost advantages + expansion of production capacity building the core competitiveness of salt lake taps. 2) Potassium fertilizer: domestic potassium fertilizer is highly dependent on imports, prices are limited, companies currently produce 5 million tons of potassium chloride, and are ranked first in the country in 2024.
Prices are fixed, domestic market prices are low, and potassium fertilizer operations are basically well established. Investment proposals: lithium prices are heavily moved down, the cost advantages of salt lakes are highlighted, and the company ' s lithium salt production can accelerate \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.