Salt lake shares (000792.sz) - 3-quarter reviews - 3-quarters assessments - 3-quarters impact on volume and prices, new capacity for lithium production in salt lakes is steadily advancing - basic chemical - agrochemical products
Production and stockpile management, which ensures stable supply and reasonable price volatility in the market, provide strong support for sustained development in agriculture and industry. There may be a breakthrough.
Adjustments, but companies still maintain a competitive edge in the field through such measures as optimizing production processes and upgrading product quality. 40,000 tons of lithium salt projects have been steadily advanced: to date, companies have completed design optimization and pre-processing procedures
Work (including project filing, surveying community, geohazard assessment, overlaying mineral assessment, occupational health evaluation, soil and water conservation programme, environmental impact assessment, energy conservation assessment report, pre-security evaluation report, geo-shock safety assessment, preliminary design review, geo-technical survey, land titling, etc.); site-wide foundation of the project
The processing was fully completed, the main road-base work within the plant area was fully functional and the conditions for on-site access were in place; the contract was signed at approximately $4,247 million, the subcontracting of 95 per cent of the total units project was completed, the main plant and the building in front of the plant were capped, the main installation area process, pipelines and equipment were installed, and the entire unit was installed.
The semi-annual evaluation of Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz): The project on the excellent cost of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate is planned to proceed. The project is planned to complete the core installation by the end of 2024. The annual evaluation of Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz) is: stabilization of potassium, expansion of lithium, solid push.
“Saline Lake Stock” (000792.sz) semi-annual review: 2-quarter profit ring increase, investment proposal: maintenance of “better than the big market” rating. “Saline Lake Stock” (000792.sz) — steady progress, construction of a new salt lake lithium project is expected
20/18/16x. Given the company ' s unique resource advantages in the Totshar Khan Salt Lake, it is in a position of absolute leadership in the areas of potassium fertilizer and lithium salt lakes in the country, particularly in the future production of lithium in salt lakes, which is expected to expand rapidly and to maintain a strong cost advantage, which will strengthen the domestic lithium capital.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company produced about 3.5 million tons of potassium chloride and sold about 31,656 million tons, of which 76.43/147.24/92.89 million tons, q3 ring ratio and 36.91 per cent were sold.
In addition, during the first three quarters of the year, prices on the market for post-chloride potassium showed a more stable overall trend, except for higher price fluctuations at the beginning of the year. Overall, companies ensured stable supply and reasonable price fluctuations in the market by optimizing production and stockpile management, providing strong support for sustained development in agriculture and industry.
Lithium carbonate: In the first three quarters of the year, the company produced about 30.9 million tons of lithium carbonate, with sales of about 28.3 million tons. Of that amount, there is a possibility that there will be a breakthrough. Despite significant fluctuations and adjustments in the domestic lithium carbonate market this year, the company has maintained this area through measures such as optimizing production processes and improving product quality.
Figure 3: Changes in the price of potassium chloride in the country (RM/t) Figure 4: Changes in the price of lithium carbonate in the country (RM/t)
The initial investment estimate for the project is RMB 7,098 million. In 2023, the company achieved an investment optimization rate of approximately 14.58 per cent through the optimization of the process route, an increase in the pre-processing process and streamlining of the equipment. In 2024, during the implementation phase of the project, the company made further progress in optimizing the main steel structure by optimizing water, electricity, gas, and relying on the main complex.
To date, the company has completed design optimization and pre-processing (including project filing, surveying communities, geohazard assessment, overlaying mineral assessment, occupational health evaluation, soil and water conservation programme, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, environmental impact assessment
Procedures for energy-saving assessment reports, safety pre-assessment reports, seismic safety assessments, preliminary design reviews, geotechnical surveys, land certificates, etc.; complete site-wide processing of the project, full connectivity of main road-base work within the plant area, on-site access conditions; contract-signing of approximately $4,247 million, subcontracted total unit project
The project is planned to complete the core installations by the end of 2024. With its unique resource advantages, the country is in absolute leadership in the areas of potassium fertilizer and lithium salt lakes, in particular.
It is the company’s future capacity in the area of lithium in salt lakes that is expected to expand rapidly, with the prospect of maintaining a relatively high cost advantage, which is important for strengthening the autonomous control of domestic lithium resources and maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author