A traffic bank's annual report, 2024. 23 March 2025.
Transport banks (stock code: 601328) Net gains recovered at the right rate: in 2024, the company’s operating income increased from +0.87% to the net profit of the mother. The growth in corporate performance was largely due to interest spread stability and optimized credit costs.
Stable interest spreads and higher growth in retail loans: net corporate interest earnings grew by 3.48 per cent in 2024, 1 bp long, better resilient, mainly benefiting from higher-yield retail asset ratios at the end of the asset, and debt pressures
In 2024, interest-generating assets were collected by companies, and Yuan Shijun, research assistant, was 7.47% long, and science and technology finance was strong, with specialized new, technology-based small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and strategic and emerging products.
The impact of the policy on gold falls by 33.6 per cent in the agent category; moreover, the risk of poor retailing is rising: at the end of 2024, the rate of non-performing corporate lending stood at 1.32 per cent, and the ratio of loans of concern stood at 1.58 per cent, compared to late 2023 (2bp) and +6bp, respectively.
Investment proposals: The company is the only state-owned company based in Shanghai, with significant advantages. Five major articles and trade finance and wealth finance have developed.
The annual red rate is 32.7 per cent, stable at over 30 per cent for 13 consecutive years, and the dividends are higher.
Figure 5: Size and acceleration of transport bank loans Figure 6: Size and increase of transport bank loans to public and retail loans Figure 7: Structure of transport bank loans
Figure 9: Size and acceleration of transport bank deposits Figure 10: Structure of transport bank deposits Figure 11: Non-interest, intermediate operating income and acceleration of transport bank deposits
Figure 12: Other non-interest income, returns on investment and speed of increase. I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.