South Air (600029.sh) reported mid-2024: operational improvements, unit income pressure, pending repair Incident: South Air issued its 2024 interim report. In the first half of 2024, the company realized operating income
In the second quarter, corporate revenue grew and losses increased. The 24q2 company achieved business income of $40.2 billion, compared to 6.4 per cent in the same period in 2019, compared with 13.8 per cent in 2019; the net return to the mother was $19.84 billion, compared to the impact, with far lower fares; and during the second quarter, the company ' s own Guangzhou region continued the rainy season and sailed.
Ben was strongly affected by the decline in corporate corporate profitability.  Māori rates are still on the rise, net losses on exchange are lower, and financial costs are reduced.
In the same period in 2019, the international power of the line returned to the same time as in 2019 as in \triangleright, and in the same time period in 2019, the international power of the line returned to 80%.
The income per unit is 24q1/q2 units of rpk. The rate of repair of the Māori has recovered and the profit elasticity has gradually increased.
Fifteen per cent, mainly due to still high oil prices, an increase of 8.0 per cent over the same period in the average cost of 24q2 aviation kerosene, and the company Air South (600029.sh) depth report: a net increase of one aircraft for the month of January-July, with a total of more than 4 per cent of flight hours in the same period in 2019.
The size of the company ' s fleet reached 907 by the end of the first half of 2024 (including Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.) in terms of business rehabilitation, profit improvement elasticity and utilization.
Itd grew by 4.29 per cent over the same period.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect the company to achieve a net return from \triangleright by 2024 to 2026 to accelerate improvement, and to see the company continue to improve in future earnings and adjust its rating to “enhancement”.
Risk factors: The demand for travel is not as high as expected, the international route is not returning as expected, and the price of oil is rising significantly \triangleright transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, major areas of transport, new wealth inflows in 2021 and 2022
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.