In the first half of the year, the South Air Disclosures reported mid-2024, South Air Disclosures mid-2024 and Corporate Revenues of $8.479 billion in the first half of the year.
This represents an increase of 18.0 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return of 12.3 billion yuan, a decrease of 57.3 per cent over the same period, and an increase of 6.4 per cent over the same period in corporate operating income of 40.19 billion yuan over the second quarter, a net gain of 19.8 billion yuan over the same period, with a slight increase in the same loss.
The first half of the year was accompanied by an increase in civil aviation demand, a steady recovery in the volume of industry flights, a steady rise in passenger flows, and a 21.7 per cent increase in the company ' s passenger capacity in the first half of the year, with an increase in domestic routes.
In the first half of the year, owing to the overall weak demand for domestic line public commerce, international routes recovered further owing to the volume of flights, and the prices of the company as a whole decreased by the same amount, but remained slightly higher than in the same period in 2019.
Because of the rapid growth in demand from cross-border power suppliers, the company’s cargo operations have remained strong, with higher up-to-date costs associated with the volume of operations and higher utilization rates per unit of non-oil, while the company’s operating costs have increased in the first half of the year in line with the growth in the volume of operations, with a slight increase in the price of aviation oil.
Upwards, the cost of the company ' s sea oils increased by 22.3 per cent to $27.890 billion on a year-on-year basis, but the cost of the company ' s non-air oils was $50.670 billion, and the cost of the ask ' s non-air oils decreased by 5.6 per cent to 0.2890 dollars on a year-on-year basis.
• Reduced recovery of revenue and loss of exchange and lower cost due to the impact of recovery of corporate revenue and reduced loss of exchange, corporate sales, management, increased investment recognition losses in the first half of the year and compensation for higher off-the-shelf earnings
In the first half of the year, the company increased its investment to Sichuan Aviation, recognizing the loss of 1,385 million yuan in investment, and the company ' s return on investment in the first half of the year was -10.2 billion yuan, a decrease of 1.32 billion yuan in the same year. In the first half of the year, the company received 1.98 billion yuan in aircraft operating compensation, bringing the company ' s out-of-service earnings to 2.09 billion yuan in the first half of the year.
As a whole, the company’s performance is largely in line with expectations. We still see the civil aviation climate in the face of strong supply constraints and rising demand, macroeconomic downturns, sharp fluctuations in oil prices, and security incidents.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.