The main reasons for this are the non-public distribution, conversion of convertible corporate bonds and the expansion of equity in the participating subsidiaries.
q4 single quarter: q4 single quarter revenue of $4.145 billion, an increase of 51.0 per cent in the same year: \triangleright net profit of 495 million, an increase of 44.2 per cent in the same year; deduction of net profit of $371 million in the non-mortality quarter, an increase of 51.0 per cent in the same year
In the previous three quarters, the growth rate of the q4-q4-quarters increased from negative to positive (in the first three quarters, billion, 29.79 per cent over the same period) and net profit from non-repatriation (in the previous three quarters, 150 million, 33.13 per cent over the same period). We believe that the year-round performance exceeded expectations, mainly due to: 1) public
(b) Increase in the rate of digitalization of the industry, which has benefited the company’s cloud computing operations;
The architecture cpu chip was authorized by an amd zen structure to move towards autonomous R & D; 2) the domestic xc industry chain is large, cpu is a core t infrastructure, and the company's subsidiaries are:
(iii) Since the beginning of 2020, subsidiaries have continued to win a series of heavy-pound Xc packages for the industry, including pre-operator collections, tenders from the Ministry of Public Security, etc.
Technology and market competitiveness. As the domestic xc industry trend has intensified, companies are expected to become proficient, and the national innovation ecology has grown into 2021.1.
Sino-Chinese Stock Exchange has been growing in the history of China's history.
I'm looking forward to the opening of the server's industrial chain, and the server chip tap, I.T.S., signed an ipo with Sino-Kin securities.
It is proposed to be listed on the board, with 32.10% of the shares held directly by China; the registration of the records of the dawning tutorships of the participating companies has recently been processed, and China holds 70% of the shares indirectly through the Dawn Information Industries (North Kyoto) Ltd.
Sealight information products are the core key components of the server, cpu, with two advantages: performance and eco-efficiency of x86; dawn numbers are focused on the field of data, creating solutions for the efficient cooling of data centres. Both companies operate with their mothers.
There's a great synergy in the company. We think that dawn ecology is gradually becoming stronger, and we're working to create a nationally produced eco-partnership with Sinda Securities.
The technology has accelerated and market demand has declined.
Lurie, Defense Science and Technology University, is a great researcher in computer science. Six years of industry experience, former head of a global repository of information technology (IT) research and development, solutions sector team, joined Seaton Securities in 2016, 17, 19 as the fourth new wealth of the team, and 2020 as the Sinda component, has not been and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.