The industry view of this week: we still face five major challenges in electricity development, with the use of electricity to innovate high-profit, fire-fired enterprises.1 China ' s electricity development continues to face five major challenges. On 14 June, the China-China ITU released China ' s Annual Development Report for the Electricity Sector, 2018, which states that our country is still facing five major challenges in electricity development.
The economy has moved from a high-speed development phase to a high-quality development phase, but the current state of electricity development reform still faces a more serious situation and challenges. Electricity development faces five major challenges: the safe and stable operation of the electricity system is a serious challenge: clean energy consumption remains a major challenge: coal power enterprises are struggling to operate, clean development can be assured are weak: nuclear power construction has stagnated, and new projects have not been approved for two years in a row: electricity reform and marketization are entering deep water.
On 22 June, the China-China ITU released a summary of the electricity industry’s performance for the period January–May. In January–May, the country’s more than 26,36.1 billion kilowatt-hours generated electricity, an increase of 8.5 per cent compared to the previous year.
In May, industrial power consumption increased by 10.9 per cent compared to 397.2 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) in the country, accounting for 71.8 per cent of total public electricity consumption, which increased by 11.8 per cent compared to 29.9 billion kWh in the previous year. In the manufacturing sector, electricity consumption increased by 9.26 billion kWh/day compared to 920 million kWh/day in the same period and the previous month, respectively.
Day and 140 million kWh/day increase. The demand for downstream electricity continues to outpace expectations, and we believe that with the peak summer of July-August, parts of the region will face a supply of electricity that is (excellently) industry-based, policy-oriented, market-scarce, and that parts of the world may experience a shortage of electricity without electricity, which would be better than that of a fire power company.
The hot spots, the depth of the industry, are one, and have important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns.
Push one or two stocks. A weekly update, if the offer remains the same, is the best we've ever seen for the next three months.
It's proposed to focus on Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., cindasecuritiesco.ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City (600011) ($6.09 for 2018-6-22),1 the fire power industry is already at the bottom of the cycle and, as costs are contained, the energy industry will bounce back.
In 2017, under the influence of high coal prices, the coal industry as a whole lost profits to the cyclical bottom. In the previous year, the Māori rate of HFA power generation fell by 11 percentage points.
In 2018, the company’s stock fleet was able to recover slowly from the increase in electricity consumption and the co-generation of coal power. Moreover, as a result of the increase in the price of poles in July of last year and the contraction of market prices, the company’s settlement price rose in 2017 in relation to the same price. To benefit from the increase in supply and demand, we expect that in 2018, the amount of energy generated internationally will continue to grow steadily and lead the fire.
In addition, in the context of supply-side reforms and coal-fired power generation, the energy industry is increasingly investing in clean energy and actively optimizing the power supply structure. Adding to the company ' s high-quality output, more than 50% of the generators are 600,000 kilowatts.
In principle, the company announces that the profits to be distributed in cash each year are not less than 70% of the profits to be distributed in the current year's consolidated statement, and that each share is no less than 0.1 yuan yuan, and that the dividends are among the top of the same industry, with firm investor confidence and the strength of the industry's champions on the one hand, and making investment more defensive on the other.
Relevant studies: In-depth report of the International Energy Agency, 2018,607 (600011.sh) on the continued profitability of power generation growth, the value of coal-fired tap investment is evident. Natural gas industrial chain, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, light-quantified automobiles, methanol economy, carbon emissions. Ma Qinghua, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from the University of Qinghua, Congdu Securities Research and Development Centre, July 2016, currently engaged in research into energy chemistry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance in relation to the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.