On 24 April, the first quarter of 2018 was released and companies realized business income during the reporting period.
The growth in electricity generation, combined with the increase in the price of grid power, has led to a robust growth in the company’s operating income. In terms of the volume of electricity generated, the increase in demand for electricity from industries and the increase in the demand for electricity for heating during the winter season has been accompanied by an increase of 8.67 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the company’s domestic power plant.
Upgrades the electric poles on the Internet at 1-2 points per kilowatt hour, while the price differentials for electricity marketized transactions are shrinking at a meta/megawatt hour. Revenue end prices are up and corporate revenues are growing steadily in one quarter.
The company ' s Māori ratio has improved and expects the price of coal to fall to release the profit margin. After the heating season of 2018, the price of coal, which fell gradually, fell by up to $200 per ton for cc15,500 power coal, and the cost of a fire power company, which increased by 4.16 percentage points in a quarter. With coal in 2018,
The carbon supply side reform will be gradually completed, and coal prices are expected to continue to fall under government leadership, gradually returning to reasonable areas where corporate profit space is expected to be released.
A high-scoring policy is expected to lead to higher corporate valuations. The company’s share of dividends has been stable and has reached the RMB 0.1 since it was listed. We believe that the company’s electricity generation and Internet access prices will continue their upward trend and that, as coal prices return to reasonable areas, the company’s future performance is expected to improve steadily, and high-scoring policies have driven the company into a race.
It is expected that the company’s valuation will be raised by a gradual return to utility properties.
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.