In July, under this equity base, a 24-year equity allocation was completed.
The collection value of the Japanese shares is calculated at a rate of approximately 2.1 per cent for a fraction of the dividends, which was achieved throughout the year, in July 25th, with 52,016 thousand passengers on the main train; and the total market value/flow of the cross-line train (billion yuan)
The mileage was 102.57,000 miles, an increase of 11.4 per cent over the same period last year; the highest/minimum price of the JFK train over a 12-month period was 3,763,000 miles, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the previous year.
Recently, the company signed an agreement with the Beijing Bureau, the Jinan Bureau and the Shanghai Bureau to establish a 24-year unit price basis for settlement unit costs for 25-27 years, with an increase of 5.355 per cent per year from 25 years on the basis of the previous year's settlement unit price (excluding taxes).
In addition to investing in, building, and operating the Kyouta Iron, the company has 65.08 per cent of its holdings, the Jing Fu An Seal Company, which is a potential medium- and long-term investment, construction, and operation.
The company’s next step is to continue to optimize the supply of power, improve its fare floating strategy, carry out quality upgrading initiatives, and study the iron-and-bon integration program. In general, we look at the company’s business strategy to increase competitiveness and maintain an “uptake” rating.
(a) Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations; competitive risks of other modes of transport; transport security risks;
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.