In the first half of the year, the company earned $21 billion, \triangleright.
The flow of people on the home line has increased slightly and the rate of cross-line operations has slowed down. 1) The current passenger service: \triangleright Trans-line Network operations in the first half of 2025: 25h1 companies have completed 48,556,000 miles of cross-line train operations.
The speed of cross-line operations has slowed considerably, and the speed of operation of the Jingfuan logo has remained faster. Jingfuan logo is the first semi-annual profit. In the first half of the first half of the month of 2025, Jingfuan logo is profitable.
\triangleright is expected to boost performance by a steady increase in the volume of business on the front line. The number of passengers on the front line has increased steadily in the first half of the year, and we think that the flow of passengers may have increased throughout the year, while the price of the tickets could have risen structurally.
The growth of the cross-line network is driven mainly by the growth of the JFK emblem, and good idea. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to return its net profit in \triangleright in 2025-2027.
• Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, risk of adjustment of liquidation policy, commission management of risk,
Chang, Jingfu An is expected to achieve a reversal of the risks associated with the competition in the industry and the increase in the number of Jing Fu An is not as high as the expected risks.
Ong's quarterly rollover, the business needs of the current car are small, and the depth of    (601816.sh) reports: Sitting, holding gold, and the future growth of the railway taps.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., ltd Golden House No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.b
Major areas of transport, such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, have been part of the external review boards submitted by various provinces, which have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CSRC. This report has been prepared and published by the CSRC.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.