First semi-annual profit, medium-term bonus raise shareholder returns \triangleright
In the first half of the year, the current passenger service turned to positive growth, with cross-line traffic running at the same level. Twenty-five million passengers were transported on the \triangleright \triangleright \  1.2% compared to the previous half of the year.
The same ratio +2.7 per cent, which is slower than the industry as a whole, is linked to a limited build-up in the Kyoto home line and a weak recovery in public business demand. 2) Trans-line network turnover is equal: 2025h1 cross-line network class week is equal to 0.1 per cent, which is almost equal to the same period last year. Corporate revenue grew slightly faster than business volume growth in the first half of the year.
\triangleright yellow cranes raise base by 1.5 pcts, but at a lower level than in previous years, and interest expenditure continues to fall on a year-on-year basis, largely as a result of this.
The company’s operating cash flow is sufficient to pay off its stock debt in previous years, and the repayment process has slowed down. We expect the company’s profits to continue to benefit from interest spending on the one hand.
On the other hand, a reduction in the intensity of debt servicing will enhance shareholders’ ability to pay back. For the first six months of the year, Jing Fu-An is losing.
The 25h1 JFK train runs 2,041,000 miles, compared to 7.5%, and is the first semi-annual profit. The split shows that the 25q1 and 25q2 companies have earned $41 million and lost 0.33 billion, respectively, and that in 2024 the KHK Kotsang section entered the fast-track construction phase, which will take over to the north.
In the south, we are looking at the additions to the network following the opening of the Hong Kong-Kyoto High-Technology Section. The company first announced a mid-term bonus of 29.8% of the rate, and in 2025, the newspaper announced a cash bonus.
In addition, the company has completed semi-annual stock buybacks, first stock buybacks since the company started listing in 2024, investment proposals: the growth rate of both the front line and the cross-line passenger movement was robust in the first half of the year, the company had a long-term value as the country's best-quality, high-value iron asset, the profit-making contribution from the loss of the Jing Fuan emblem and the train after the entry of the males into the business sector.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.