Infusion plates are growing steadily, and the profits from the 4x4 drug have contributed to the growth of the company.
The net profit of Jodji Division's shareholders is 751 million yuan, an increase of 28.38 per cent over the previous year, exceeding expectations.
The company's performance is growing rapidly. Tsuanning II’s capacity is gradually released, and the products are gradually being approved to support the company’s net profit of 751 million yuan, an increase of 28.38 per cent over the same period. The company’s operating profits and profits are the same as the total increase of 78.04 per cent and 60.87 per cent, respectively. The net profits increase is lower than the main increases in the total operating profits and profits.
The company’s performance has grown rapidly, and we believe that the main reason for this is that the company holds more than 20% of the equity in Quantino and that the increase in the return on investment contributes about $568 million.
Figure 1: Corporate sales revenue and net return profits (millions of dollars) for 2012-2017
Assessment: stable sales of existing products, raw materials, rising drug prices, increasing performance; R & D pipelines, steady growth of formulation plates, and Tunning's exposure to the ring
Conservancy affects performance, increases in the future.
Equity incentives for growth - 20161031 1. The steady growth of the infusion plate and the further increase in the Māori rate The income of the company in the first half of the year increased by 8.45 per cent, and we believe that with the outbreak of the flu in the second half of the year,
Further restructuring of the fluid package to increase the high Māori ratio of silo bags, soft bags, etc., and working with IQ4 to further increase the Māori ratio of corporate fluid products. We expect Māori 2.Thonin II production of the company ' s fluid plate to be released over the year, with future performance of the company.
In early 2018, as the country's environmental inspection process progressed, we thought that Kawaning II's production capacity was running out of value.
The steps were released, sulfur and penicillin salt were fully produced, with a capacity of over 50% in 7-acca. With the gradual release of Tshon Ning II, the first quarter of 2018 is expected to lose. 3. The company continues to strengthen its research and development, supporting steady growth in its long-term performance.
Corporate R & D is strong and focuses on R & D inputs. The company’s R & D investment has been increasing year after year in recent years, reaching $393 million in the first half of the year, and is expected to break out of 600 million year after year. The company’s R & D team has been stable, with a total of more than the production of products such as Carvin, Pareschib sodium and C Valley in 2017, and the company’s R & D capabilities.
In early 2018, the company ' s product, Acetic Acid, was successfully evaluated for national drug-style consistency. We believe that, with the company ' s pharmaceuticals, the company ' s pharmaceutical product, the price of the sodium sodium sapiens, the price of the sodium is 78-115 dollars per bottle.
Three, profit predictions and investment ratings, we believe that companies are looking at a large number of products and will have a long-term impact on the future. Companies are now focusing on promoting the creation of a marketing workforce.
We believe that long-term companies are still better growing, so we maintain an “additional” rating. The risk of increased factor costs, the risk of lower profits due to increased depreciation of fixed assets, environmental risks, exchange rates.
Risks, drug price reduction risk. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee