Collon Pharmaceutical Industries (002422.sz) Medical chromium chemical agent ii Dappositing production declaration accepted and formulation plates about to be harvested
Events: The company developed a chemical drug, Dalpatine, for which the National Directorate for Monitoring and Control of Food Drugs has applied for a competitive model: Dalbusin is a short-acting, selective 5-hydrazine re-ingestion agent used for early release treatment of patients over 18 years of age. According to data from sample hospitals, between 2012 and 2017,
Our sales of early-discharge drugs have increased steadily, with compound annual growth rates approaching 16%.
The collon medicine industry has the largest non-market share in Darafie and Westerland, accounting for about 90% of the market. Dappositing’s current market share and sales are growing rapidly, and it is still expected to grow at a higher rate in the future.
After Ting went on the market, it started to sell officially in the country in 2014, but the increase in market share since it came on the market stopped. From the point of view of unit prices, the prices of Dalafé and West Africa have been declining steadily since 2012, by about 30% and 10%, respectively, while the prices of Dalbusitine have been very stable since it was listed.
In the short and medium term, there will be no significant fluctuations in the prices of Dappositing, although with the introduction of generic drugs, there will be no major fluctuations in the prices of Dappositing. Overall, the competition pattern in Dappositing is more optimistic, and there is still much potential for growth.
The Division produces, and the Collon Pharmaceuticals industry is the country’s first firm to declare production through bioequivalency studies and to match quality standards with the original research. This was followed by the Shandong Kaishan Biotech Limited, which has also completed bioequivalency studies, but with a combination of financial resources, marketing channels, etc., the Collon Medicines industry is still more competitive than ever.
Taken together, the company’s product quality, development progress, and competition patterns are good, and the product will add further value to the company’s performance once it is on the market. With three major plates moving steadily, business is expected to continue well; the company’s agent business includes two major sections, i.e., generics and new medicines.
There are hundreds of projects moving forward. Dappositing is the company’s first declared generic production in 2018. According to the Department’s research and development pipeline, based on the listing of generics, such as Parrishshape, in 2017, the company will have several generics on the market each year, leading to a virtuous cycle.
In some cases, the fastest progress has been made in egfr, which has already started the clinical ii trial. In addition to the formulation business, the company has been a leading domestic company in the field of major infusions, with a market share of more than 30%, followed by a market share of about 10% for quartz.
The company's position in the big infusion industry has been further consolidated by the continued purchase of four-in-a-kind shares, amounting to 20.05% cumulatively, and is now saturated at about 5% in the domestic market, with the future performance of the big infusion plate not being particularly resilient and providing stable cash flow to the company.
The company’s cost advantages are evident from the construction of plants in Xinjiang and the import of raw materials from Kazakhstan. At the same time, the company has been investing in the adaptation of environmental equipment, and the problem of environmental pollution has become largely manageable and will continue to improve in the future, so in the context of the current state of environmental regulation, it is likely that the company will be able to make the most of it.
The company’s strengths have been further magnified. To benefit from the cost advantage, the company has established itself in the sulfur-red market, and the production line is full, and the product market is now relatively stable and competitive; the 7-acca project has become more competitive because it competes with well-capitalized listed companies such as the Health Dollar, the Stone-Pharma Group and so forth.
This pattern of competition will continue for some time; the salt market in the penicillin industry is less competitive than 7-acca, and the company’s production line is expected to be nearing completion. Overall, the last of the company’s three sections is on track, and the business is largely well-structured and will be released in the future.
(a) Based on the relative stability of the market pattern of the major infusion business, the company's continued purchase of quartz stockholdings, further consolidation of the market niche, good business performance, (2) the benefits of low-cost advantages of the company's raw material plate, the strong competitiveness of the Red Project and the competitive pattern of the penicillin industrial salt project are expected to further improve (3) the formulation plate.
We're looking at a rich product line, new products will be on the market over the next few years, making a sustained contribution to performance, and we're giving companies an increase.