Why are you looking at the coal industry under the double carbon target?
Coal mining, industry investment, two-wheel drive, and performance growth is much higher than expected.
In the context of deepening supply-side reforms, the coal industry can accelerate the migration and benefit the mining areas where the company is located. On the supply side, the coal industry (601225).
Reforms to address excess and poor production capacity, coal production is concentrated in areas with good resource endowments, low mining costs, and relatively high levels of safety and security. Coal production in the tri-western regions (Sanxi, Shaanxi, Monsi) remained steadily increasing from 2011 to 2020, with primary coal production in the tri-western region reaching 10 in 2020.
Newly 2,743 million tons a year, an increase of 103 million tons (3.90 per cent) compared to 2019, and the share of the country’s primary coal production has risen to 71.37 per cent. The Tsangxi coal industry has benefited from the dividends of the supply side reform policy, and its primary coal production in the Xiangbei and Pingye mines is rising.
High-quality production capacity, with a steady increase in primary coal production. From 2015 to 2020, primary coal production in the Xiangxi industry increased by 2.64 per cent, with 125 million tons of coal in the Xiangxi industry in 2020, an increase of about 10 million tons, an increase of 8.74 per cent, leading the industry.
In a low-carbon situation, the premium on good-quality resources is expected to rise gradually. Supply is limited under the two-carbon target, while demand for coal is expected to continue to grow and to tighten.
Electricity is more demanding for energy conservation and environmental protection, and coal-fired units are more demanding for the quality of coal. For sulfur, low phosphorus, low ash, and high thermal properties, it is more efficient to generate electricity, lower emission levels, and more competitive markets.
The coal layers in the mining areas of the industry are well equipped, have simple geological formations and most of them have low gas content, are suitable for modern large-scale mines, can build high-yielding and efficient coal mines in a shorter cycle, have a two-carbon target or will continue to constrain coal supply in the future, and the wealth of resources is increasingly evident.
The country’s approved coal minerals have shown a significant downward trend since then.
Systems such as gold constrain the willingness of companies to invest in mining, the financing environment constrains their ability to invest, the supply of new coal resources is limited or will further highlight the value of stocks of coal.
The coefficient of 1.4 is that the company ' s coal resources will be available for exploitation for about 52 years and will have a sustainable character, even if carbon neutrality is taken into account, and there will still be room for survival in the Xiaoxi coal industry. In addition, the Xiaoxi coal industry was established in 2008 and achieved a share market in 2014, with the overall construction of the mine in the body later.
The Department has a large size of 18 mines, which are essentially state-of-the-art and high-quality. Of these, 12 mines, including Red Willowlin, Zhang Jiaxuan etc., belong to the Standardized Level 1 mine (with a good policy environment). In addition, the high level of safe production of mines in the Sanxi Coal industry is effective.
Relying on the coal conglomerate, it is possible to open up assets and inject them into the growth space.