Three-quarter reports meet expectations, downstream demand slows down Investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance) companies publish their first three quarters reports in 2020, yielding operating income of $8,982 million, a year-on-year increase
17.29 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies, 1,098 million yuan, an increase of 26.60 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies, minus non-recurring gains and losses, $1,003 million, a decline in net profit and a decline in capacity utilization for passive adjustment of product structure, in the third quarter of the year.
The company released its third quarter report in 2020, which achieved operating income of 3,067 million yuan, an increase of 7 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $374 million, a decrease of 5.69 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $339 million, a decrease in the same year.
The main factor in the slowdown in growth during the reporting period was the decline in orders for board operations, which led to changes in the overall product structure of the company, which led to a certain decline in operating income and net profits.
In the third quarter, as a result of external friction, the progress of building 5g in the country was affected, while data for the current quarter shifted from a high rate of growth to a decline in the Centre's business needs. We believe that the total construction volume in the 5g era will not change, but the peak will be smooth. Other areas, such as new energy vehicles, continue to be over-expected and promising globally.
Research assistant: Hwa Jindo further drives the company's carboard business. Silicon microphones, storage panels, radio frequency panels, etc., are currently in a better growth position.
2. The deep south circuit (002916); the communications pcb sustains growth, and the ic board builds new growth nuclei.
Production capacity climb forecast; construction of 5g below expectations; increased competition among practitioners. Figure 15 Projected number of indoor micro-based stations in China 5g (in thousands) Figure 16idc market size and rate of increase
Figure 18 Backboards and sheets in base stations and their assembly Figure 195g+ Data Centre area product Figure 202018-2020q1 company server area pcb operating income
Figure 212018-2020q1 server as a percentage of company income from pcb operations
The data and information used in the present report, which is presented independently and objectively using legally compliant information, come from open information in the market, do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.