Events: Business bank business income of $44,291.5 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 14.3 per cent in the same year, net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent department of $16,793.1 million, an increase of 4.7 per cent in the same year, corresponding to an increase of 0.47 per cent per unit at the end of the period;
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Business and industry banks report strong performance, high income growth rates, asset quality continues to improve, as a high-quality, state-owned bank with significant configuration value, and we propose that investors seeking stable dividends and long-term returns are actively configured at the current low valuation level.
Publicity meets market expectations, but still leads the country’s major business. Net revenue from revenue-side interest grew steadily by 7.8%, while net profits from annual returns grew by 4.7%, in line with market expectations, and the rate of increase and profitability was smaller than in the quarter.
Increased, but by comparison, from 3 bp to 1.17 per cent for roaa and from 92 bp to 14.41 per cent for roae, mainly due to the provision and the negative contribution of taxes (10 bp to 1.18 per cent for credit costs of 2019h1 and from 83 bp to 19.37 per cent for real tax rates of the same year), while the cost-earning ratio is making a significant contribution.
▪ The higher cost of the liabilities has resulted in a small margin of interest spreads that are in line with expectations, with credit size driving interest growth. 117% of the increase in net public interest income contributed by scale, while the narrow spread has resulted in a 17% negative contribution, which is reflected in the same rate of net interest spreads in the first half of the year, with a smaller ring ratio down to 2.29%.
The main driving force was individual entrepreneurship loans (e.g., loan-backed loans, fast-lending products), plus 1, Business and Industry Bank (601398): core trillion dollars, of which individual term deposits increased by 13.7 per cent from the beginning of the period, but the cost was more pronounced, with deposits being deposited.
The overall average cost rate rose by 14 bp to 1.57%, and although interest rates in financial markets pushed down the market-based debt costs, it was still difficult to withstand the overall interest-bearing debt-cost rise of 13 bp to 1.76%. The quality of the assets continued to improve overall, and the criteria identified by the state-owned banks strictly increased confidence in the quality of the assets.
At the end of June, the Division had a negative rate of 1.48 per cent and a concern of 2.71 per cent, which is a decrease of 4, 21bp, with possibly marginal cost improvements compared to the beginning of the year. From a dynamic point of view, we measured the adverse annualization after write-off in the first half of the year.
Quality indicators, and we remain confident about the current state of and trends in the quality of assets in such countries as business banks.
East Wu Xinjun, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee