Grand Bank (601818): special wealth management, enhanced corporate eco-collaborative performance, big bank.
In recent years, the banking sector has been undergoing a period of transition, with light capital and a weak profit pattern.
China's Grand Bank was established in August 1992 to operate smoothly and gradually reduce the burden of ill-health and provide the right space for business transformation. The company's board of directors was re-established in 2018 with the approval of the People's Bank of China.
China’s first-ever shares are in China. In the same year, the Gwang Da Group proposed the creation of the “six large e-sbu biosphere”
In August 2010, Gwang Da Bank was placed on the market and a new strategy was launched to promote development, with wealth e-sbu taking the main position of the Gwang Da Bank. It can be seen that Gwang is listed in China on the Hong Kong joint deal in December 2013.
Big banks are focusing on the “first-class wealth management bank” strategy, and the transformation of wealth management is consistent with industry trends, helping to lighten banks and weaken cycles.
• To promote “agility, technology, ecology” transformation through industrial upgrading, a slowdown in credit demand in traditional industries in recent years, a greater integration, specialization, lightening, digitalization, and increased demand for direct financing in new and emerging sectors
“Great wealth management” combines innovations in traditional wealth management, assets, fast products, channels and service models, operating in the middle of wealth management, investment banks, etc., and is able to take full advantage of banks' own customer resources and channels.
Science, technology, etc., have fostered a stronger market competition to better serve the direct financing needs of enterprises and become a good track for banking transformation. Large wealth management has a competitive advantage, resulting in balanced business development and risk management.
To help banks diversify their middle-level operations, raise their share of income, reduce capital consumption, achieve asset negatives, and become increasingly innovative; Lighten their debt tables: at the same time, their weak cyclical attributes also contribute to weak cyclicalization of the bank ' s profitability model.
Since the strategy was clarified, large banks have continued to optimize their performance appraisal and pay management systems and improve their wealth management skills.
Team-building provides the basis for a successful transformation of wealth management. At the same time, companies have been engaged for years in deep-farming assets management, product innovation, high sensitivity to industry trends and market demand, high levels of proactive management and technological research and development capabilities, helping companies to take the lead in the new segmentation of wealth management.
Since the establishment of the Division, the company has developed a system of “Sunshine Seven” net-valued products, with a smooth net-value transition. In addition, the company has been actively setting up a life-style scenario, the cloud-paying platform has maintained a leading industry, and the cost of depositing deposits has stabilized. In recent years, the number of retail customers in large banks and aum has grown rapidly.
The group works together to improve efficiency and help transform the management of wealth. Large wealth management links the capital side and assets.
At the end of the flowb/h unit (in thousands), integrated financial services and integration of production are important links. The large group has a full financial license, which combines business plates such as environmental protection, tourism, health, etc., and provides fertile ground for corporate wealth management.
In 2019, in order to enhance the efficiency of inter-sectional operations, the Group proposed a new concept of coordinated development with a new strategy to create six e-sbu life circles. With large banks at the heart of wealth e-sbu, it works with the consortium’s financial subsidiaries to meet client integration, diversification, and complex financial services needs.
The creation of e-sbu eco-circles, client migration, cross-marketing, product innovation, etc., has been a gradual breakthrough, with a significant increase in co-efficiency and a gradual increase in the yield and yield ratios.
Since the transformation of large banks’ wealth management strategies, institutional mechanisms have continued to be optimized, and product innovation has been maintained. Sunshine brand advantages such as money management, cloud fees, etc. have been strengthened; retail customers and aum have grown faster, wealth has been raised in management operations, and wealth management features have become more visible every year.
Multi-industry advantages, companies are investing in a conglomerate of wealth e-sbu eco-circles, and there has been a significant increase in corporate collaboration to see a business space for wealth management where the group works efficiently and collaboratively.
1. Historical evolution and equity structure
The Great Light Bank was founded in 1992 and transformed into the country’s first national stock-based commercial bank in 1997. In 1999, the Great Light Bank acquired the former China Investment Bank, absorbing its networks and assets, and achieved a cross-cutting scale expansion; it also created a corresponding burden of bad assets.
In 2018, the company established its strategic vision of “building a first-class wealth management bank” and formally began a transformation of wealth management. In 2019, the Great Leisure Group launched a new strategy to create the “six e-sbu conglomerate” in which wealth e-sbu is a big bank.
In more than three years since the wealth management bank strategy was introduced, large banks have maintained strategic strategism, upgraded their tactics, achieved rapid growth, and the characteristics of wealth management have gradually become apparent. By the end of June 2021, the size of large banks ' assets was 558 trillion, located in nine listed shares, and figure 1: the history of big banks has changed.
Figure 2: The total assets of large banks as of the end of June were 5.77 trillion, with the sixth equity relationship: central remittance, big light group, big light bank, and vertical ownership. The main changes in the equity structure of large banks revolved around two major shareholders, the Great Light group, and the Central Money Remittance. When shares were listed in 2010a, the first largest shareholder of large banks was central remittance (49.6%), with a lower shareholding rate (5.3%).
In 2015, the Central Bank transferred 9 billion shares of its large bank to the Great Light Group, which held 23.69% and 21.96% of its shares, respectively, and the Great Light Group became the company’s first shareholder. On April 29, 2020, the Central Bank transferred all of its large bank shares.
By the end of June 2021, the big group held 46.53% of the shares and was actually in control of the big bank: the big group was controlled by central remittance (63.16% of the shares), the Ministry of Finance and the Social Security Fund held 33.43% and 3.4% of the shares, respectively, and the vertical equity relationship was more conducive to business synergy between the company and the group, providing a more integrated financial service to the customer based on the integrated financial context of the group.
2. The transformation of wealth management in line with industry trends, with light banking, weak cyclicalization, accompanied by economic transformation, industrial upgrading, and slower demand for traditional credit finance. Traditional commercial banks provide mainly indirect financing services, favouring cash.
In the past, banks were able to match economic and industrial development needs at a fast pace. And, with rising production factor costs and rising population demand in recent years, the country is experiencing a cycle of structural transformation and industrial upgrading and low-end manufacturing.
Business, energy-intensive and backward industries are being transferred and phased out. Traditional industries are experiencing a decline in growth and exposure, and credit demand is slowing down.
Interest technology, new energy vehicles, etc., seek investment opportunities in new areas, and support industrial upgrading. Since start-up technology firms tend to have volatile cash flows, lack of qualified collateral, and are more difficult to meet bank credit access conditions, they are better suited to direct financing.
Large wealth management integrates wealth management, asset management, and investment banking. “Property management” provides the services of investment advisers to clients, investors, and the marketing of various products: typically the Ministry of Wealth Management and the Department of Private Banking, which leverages the advantages of bank customers and channels.
Client fund-raising, investment strategy based on agreed rules, selection of investment targets, monitoring of position adjustment, realization of investment returns: mainly financial management, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Grand Bank (601818), the strengthening of the nature of wealth management, the synergy of the group's ecology.
Affiliates, banking authorities. Since the new regulations, banking property has been created in a more regulated way, and the product system has been improved. “Investment banks” design financing programmes for enterprises with financing needs and create investment targets; they are mainly involved in the investment banking sector.
Large wealth management helps banks to lighten their balance sheets, with a weak pattern of profitability. Wealth management mobilizes a lot of off-the-shelf business from commercial banks, while intra-bank credit and credit-type assets are less invested: it helps to reduce bank capital consumption, boosts the share of intermediate business income: it also helps to increase customer stickyness, cross-sale efficiency, accumulates more low-cost deposits, and slender balance sheets.
Management needs are less affected by macroeconomic fluctuations, and performance contributions are more stable. The natural weak cyclical attributes of wealth management contribute to the bank’s profitability model.
According to data from China ' s Private Wealth Report 2021, the total size of investable assets held by individuals in China amounted to 241 trillion in 2020, with a combined growth rate of 13% in 2018-2020, returning to double-digit growth.
At the same time, there has been a decline in the willingness of the population to save, an increase in the demand for wealth management, and a gradual increase in the allocation of financial assets. According to the Institute of Social Studies, the share of financial assets in the population rose to 57% by the end of 2019.
The supply and demand sides together will drive the wealth management industry into a fast-growing phase. Figure 6: Size and acceleration of assets that can be invested by individuals (by calibre)
3. The characteristics of wealth management are prominent, the group synergies are significant, the strategic status of wealth management is high, the tactical approach is rising, the strategic position of wealth management operations in large banks is constantly rising. In recent years, large banks have consistently highlighted the characteristics of wealth management and were identified in 2018.
The strategic vision of “building a first-class wealth-management bank” opened the process of transforming wealth management. In 2019, the capital bank formally opened and became the country's first stock-based banking subsidiary. In the same year, the Great Light group proposed a new strategy to create a “six e-sbu eco-circle”, in which wealth e-sbu is dominated by the bank.
3.2 Optimization of institutional mechanisms, persistence in product innovation, and feature in wealth management are increasingly highlighting (1) the institutional dimension: after a clear strategic direction, commercial banks are more strongly committed to resources for priority operations, which will be determined directly.
Since the Great Bank defined its strategy, performance appraisal and pay management systems have been continuously optimized, and the wealth managers have been better equipped to build their workforces, laying the groundwork for a successful transformation of wealth management. (2) The product dimension: the ability to innovate in property management and the consolidation of Sunny money management and cloud-paying brand advantages.
Business innovation, product innovation, is all the more important in meeting the demand for diversification of clients. Good product innovation reflects the sensitivity of the public sector to industry trends and market demand, the level of proactive management, and technological research and development capabilities that help companies to develop new niches in wealth management.
In 2004, the Great Bank launched the first market-wide RMB property “Sunshine Money” scheme, which is based on pre-existing and sustained product innovation.
Business is growing faster and the balance of money is at the forefront of the stock market. In 2016, the growth rate of corporate risk control, strict non-standard entry and financial balance management slowed down; in 2017, corporate financial regulation became more stringent, and companies took the initiative to reduce the balance of corporate finances and managed the same amount. Following the introduction of the new rules for the management of capital for 2018, the company actively changed the net worth of its products and introduced its first fully compliant net worth of the new rules of financial management.
By the end of June 2021, large banks had $877.14 billion in non-consumption capital balances, the size of which was in the middle of the market. East’s wealth booms.
Grand Bank (601818): Enhanced nature of wealth management, ecological synergy of the group. Figure 8: Changes in the balance of shares (millions of yuan) in 2013-2018. The luminous property system has been gradually improved and the net-value transformation has been steadily moving forward.
The seven colours of "Red orange gold" represent seven broad asset allocation categories: stock, mixed strategy, fixed income, cash management, alternative assets, private equity, structured investment finance, etc., and meet the requirements of new regulations for the management of capital and finance.
At the end of June, the net value of the “Sunshine Seven” product reached 6,639,200 million, or 75.69 per cent, an increase of 15.5 pct over the 2020 end; the net value transformation has been steadily advancing.
With the exception of the financial scenes, large banks are actively setting up life scenes. In 2014, companies launched the “Cloud Payment” brand, which now serves as the country’s largest open pay-for-all platform. The cloud payment platform connects to the charge-for-money units, and the main channels are exported. Banks open their own financial services to third-party partners, provide back-office business support, and are responsible for public utility fees.
Systems connectivity and account processing; users can pay through third-party platforms without having to become large bank customers. Twenty major categories of water, electricity, combustion, finance, etc., have now been covered, 220 sub-groups have been paid, and 10,000 payments have been made.
Businesses, private banks, and the National Platform for Government Services, among others, cover mainstream domestic service platforms and form a comprehensive open-door landscape. The number of users of the Big Cloud payout platform has grown rapidly, and the percentage of recipients has risen year by year. In 2020, the number of active users of Big Cloud payers reached 509 million, an increase of 34.67 per cent; 1,865 million contributions, an increase of 13.37 per cent; and the median operating income of 585 million, an increase of 37 per cent.
In addition, cloud payment platforms are able to deposit low-cost deposits for companies and help to stabilize the cost of deposits. Eastern financial and intellectual booms, figure 12: Large cloud payment platforms are connected to contributory projects, and the number of users continues to grow.
Figure 13: Annual increases in the median and share of the Big Cloud payment platform (3) Retail customers and aum are growing rapidly, contributions to wealth management are increasing year by year, wealth management transitions are making positive progress and retail customers and aum are growing faster. By the end of June, the number of retail customers in the Big Bank has reached 131 million.
The number of retail customers grew faster, the client structure continued to optimize, and the share of private customers increased. Meanwhile, retail customers aum grew steadily, reaching 2.02 trillion yuan at the end of June, an increase of 5.34% compared to the end of the previous year.
During the first half of the year, retail banking earned $31,968 million, or 41.50 per cent, of its operating income, while Eastern financial and intellectual sources, wealth management, which achieved an annual increase. In the first half of 2021, large banks achieved net personal wealth management fees of $4,415 million.
The dollar, which represents an increase of 15.42 per cent in the same year, represents 29.42 per cent of the net revenue from fees and commissions, up from 3.25 pct in late 2020.
As a result, integrated financial services and integration have become important components of wealth management, with a full financial license plate and a rich business plate that can provide fertile ground for wealth management operations. The Great Light Group has built six e-sbu eco-circles to enhance the synergy of its operations.
In 2019, the Group proposed a new strategy for creating six e-sbu eco-circles. “sbu” refers to strategicbusinessunit (strategic business module); “e” refers to ecosphere (ecosegregation), electrinic (digitization), everbright (the big one): six strategic business units are wealth, investment, investment, tourism, health and environmental protection.
Through intra-group business linkages and resource-sharing, companies can work in depth with the group and its subsidiaries to enhance the efficiency of corporate business synergies. For example, in the recent past, light money has been approved for the piloting of old-age property, linking companies associated with the conglomerates ' Great Health Platform Ecoosphere, including the growth of old-age East financial resources.
East Hing Securities Insight Report (St. 601818): Strengthened property management features, corporate eco-efficiency, old communities, contributions from the residents of the cloud, pension insurance for Hwang Dae Yong-ming, sunset tourism for the Middle East Youth Brigade, provision of the entire chain of finance, welfare and medical care
Figure 20: GLIG e-sbu Strategic Implementation Promotion Framework Focus on public, individual and cloud-life clients, building three integrated service ecological chains, building basic platform-based eco-circles
The wealth e-sbu Group Fund, with healthy old age at its core. Health care, with insurance as its source of financing.
Five key links are working together to raise the fundraiser.
Finance, access to assets, research services and support for the development of health, nutrition and risk management, and the construction of three healthy sub-circles
In the past few years, e-sbu ware.sou has combined the advantages of financial, technological and other industries.
Focused on three types of investment: “equity financing, debt construction events, marketing dissemination, landscape financing, financial consultants”
Deconstructing operations with the human tourism complex, hotels, tourism services, and providing comprehensive, life-cycle investment services to clients
"4+2+n" industry layout, "Environmental + Finance"
“Environmental + Business” “Environmental + Technology” model of synergistic development, which seeks to achieve market breakthroughs in priority areas.
By the end of June, we have achieved synergy between the rich e-sbu's “personal circle, public circle, cloud circle” and the development of synergies in the areas of customer migration, cross-marketing, product innovation.
4. Profitability and asset quality have improved. In 2013-2018, Grand Bank Roae declined with industry trends; splits show that both the proa and equity multipliers have fallen. Since 2019, the equity multipliers have stabilized, the proaa margin has improved, and big banks Roae have averaged the industry.
According to the Dubon analysis table, the weight of 1h21 is slightly lower than the average of the shares, mainly because it is below average and leverage is not low.
The net interest income is mainly weak in terms of income, which is associated with higher end-of-liability costs; it is on average in terms of management costs, which are roughly the same as that of colleagues; in addition, the overall quality of corporate assets is relatively good, and the impairment pressure is low and contributes more to profitability. Looking to the future, there is room for an increase in the cost of liabilities and the median revenue. With the reform of the deposit rate pricing mechanism, the medium- and long-term deposit costs are expected to drop and add up.
The corporate debt structure has gradually improved, and the cost of the debt is expected to decrease; the transformation of wealth management is expected to lead to faster growth in intermediate business revenues. East’s financial and intellectual booms.
Debt costs are high, and there is room for improvement in interest differentials. Historical data show that in recent years large banks have overall net interest spreads lower than comparable equity interests, mainly because of high cost of their liabilities and asset-end pricing, which is roughly the same as that of their counterparts.
After the reforms, it is expected that the medium- and long-term savings costs will gradually decrease and that the corporate liability structure will gradually improve, with a projected reduction in the cost of the liabilities, with a difference of 25: the overall net interest spread of large banks in recent years has been lower than that of comparable equity companies, but the gap is moving towards figure 26: the low interest differential of large banks is mainly due to higher end-of-debt costs
Figure 28: The ratio of term deposits in larger banks is higher than that of comparable equity banks Overall improvement in asset quality is lower than the average for larger banks. As of the end of June 21, the ratio of non-performing loans in larger banks was 1.36 per cent, down from the beginning of the year
2bp, stock deficit is consistently cleared. The negative production rate measured for the first half of the year was 1.8%, down from 0.26 pct in 2020, resulting in a new negative improvement. Provision coverage has risen steadily, and risk resistance has gradually increased.
Figure 31: Large bank provision coverage has risen steadily in recent years, reaching 184.1 per cent at the end of June.
Since the transformation of the Great Bank’s wealth management strategy, institutional mechanisms have continued to be optimized, and product innovation has been maintained. The brand advantage of sunny finance, cloud fees, etc. has been gradually strengthened; retail customers and aum have grown faster, the contribution of wealth management operations has been increasing year by year, and the characteristics of wealth management have become apparent.
The new growth points brought about by the transformation of rich management, and the synergies of the wealth e-sbu conglomerate, are given to the company 0.7 times 2021 pb (the current economic downturn in comparable shares leads to deterioration in asset quality; unexpected changes in regulatory policy, etc.).
Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report 60818: The strong nature of wealth management, the synergy of the group's ecology.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.