High profitability, with single season Māori rates rising to the highest in the year Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Higher share of overseas Māori markets, supporting Māori rate rises.
A comparison of company prices with the trend of 300 depths: robust business growth, new product-led industry development 6 per cent more than the previous three quarters of 2025, and an improved income structure.
The ratio of domestic market shipments to inverters dropped from 48% in the first three quarters of 2025 to 40% this year. More than 100 countries and territories worldwide sell their products with excellent global brand premium.
In the first three quarters of 2025, the company was able to deliver more than 70% of its stock, and the storage capacity structure changed significantly.
● Aidc: New business layout accelerates, third-growth poles are built, and companies rely on technology accumulation in the field of power conversion to enter the Aidc market, with a focus on overseas deployments.
High-end market. The current data centre power source is moving from the original uos-based communication power supply system to the 800v direct power supply system. The company has an advantage in high-pressure, with the company ' s invertors, storage systems, and systems generally 1500v, while the company has a technology deposit in the solid-state transformer, which is already 35kv.
The company is now actively working with international head cloud producers, domestic head Internet companies, to deliver products in 2026. Given the high growth in the global stock market, we expect the company to return to its mother-to-child profits in 2025-2027.
1. Repository operations doubled and profitability continued 2. Sunshine power point evaluation: light storage industry leaders, 25q1 performance exceeded expectations
Global light storage needs are not as high as expected; corporate orders are not delivered as expected; overseas trade policy changes are taking place.
For information purposes only. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not be directly or indirectly affected by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.