The performance continues to be bright, and the layout aidc builds a second growth curve on November 02, 2025, benefiting from high growth in demand for storage capacity and high performance in its operations.
\triangleright, the company’s higher-profit overseas delivery, led to a high growth in its storage capacity throughout 2025, increased demand for public energy distribution, demand for storage in terms of safety and stability of the grid, and a market on the side of the user.
Deng Young-kang has driven demand up, data centre development has led to demand for storage, and so on. The company’s storage operations are expected to benefit from the growth of global demand for storage capacity and maintain a better development.
The company has set up aaidc Enterprise, a full-scale layout \triangleright
Aidc, the product layout includes primary power, secondary power, etc., and the company's technology is settling in high voltage, solid-state transformers, etc., and has an advantage in the data centre's green direct supply.
Incoming, efforts are being made to collaborate with international head cloud producers, and domestic head Internet companies to develop and develop products for landing and small-scale delivery of products by 2026.
Business cash flows improved considerably. Net cash flows from company operations were $9,914 million in the first three quarters of 2025, a significant improvement over the previous year; 2025 q3, of which the company generated operating activities.
Net cash flow was $6.479 billion, a significant improvement in the same ring ratio. The significant improvement in corporate operating cash flows was largely due to the increase in repayments, with overseas sales accounting for a larger share of total return efficiency than the Sunshine Power (300274.sz) semi-annual reporting point in 2025.
Review: 25q2 performance bright, with a second increase in layout aidc driven by improved operating cash flows; and company efforts to improve accounts receivable in many ways, such as fine-tuning client ' s long curves - 2025/08/27
Credit management, post-receivable management, evaluation of enhanced repayments, etc., various programmes in parallel with gradual improvements in cash flow and significant improvements in the quality of business activities.
Sunshine Power (300274.sz) 3-quarterly report 2024. Assessment: confirmation of year-end expected to accelerate, gdr will be released to support the rapid growth of the company's storage capacity and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.