The cash flow continues to improve, the cash flow has increased significantly, the Sunshine Power (300274.sz) has remained strong and the cash flow has increased significantly.
Sunshine Power released three-quarterly reports in 2025, with company operating revenues of $6.6402 billion in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of $20.83 per cent in the same year, and mothers ' net profit of $4.47 billion, an increase of 57.04 per cent in the same year. The company ' s net cash flow from its operations in the first three quarters was $9.914 billion, a significant increase of 1133.14 per cent in the same year, and the quality of its operations was significant.
In view of the fact that companies, as industry leaders, have benefited fully from the increased global demand for storage capacity, we have been able to raise the ratio of overseas exports further.
The share of domestic shipments has been stable. The ratio of domestic shipments has fallen from 48% to 40% in the same period last year, and the ratio of high Maori overseas municipalities has risen accordingly, and the Māori ratio has risen. Reserve performance has been strong, with the volume of deliveries increasing by 70% in the previous three quarters, and the structure of deliveries has been significantly optimized, with the ratio of overseas shipments rising from 63% to 83%, supporting Māori coverage.
In terms of products, companies continue to invest more in R & D, successively launching the Poweritan 3.0ac intellectual storage platform and the Powerstack 255cs system, and continue to strengthen market competitiveness.
With the build-up of electrical and electronic technology, the company is actively promoting the development of power sources such as sst, which are now docked with national head cloud producers and domestic head Internet companies to achieve product landing and small-scale delivery by 2026, and the power source of Aidc is expected to be the third growth curve of the company. In addition, the next generation of high-power data will be available.
Centrally reported performance remains strong, full layout aidc centre needs to address load fluctuations, superpositioning data centres with high power costs and high demand for complementary storage capacity, bringing power to the company - company update report 2025.8.27
Increased sales cost input, slightly underperforming q3