Sunshine Power (300274.sz) cash flows in the first three quarters increased on a year-on-year basis, aidc products are available in the future.
On November 11, 2025, the global market layout was maintained and the ratio of inverters, storage and overseas delivery was raised: 3rd quarter of 2025, \triangleright
The company’s photovoltaic reversible business grew by 6% on a year-on-year basis; the Māori rate increased, mainly due to a 70% increase in the country, an increase in overseas deliveries from 63% to 83% in the same period last year, and a stable reserve Māori ratio. The company’s insistence on long-term deep-ploughing of the global market has led to the construction of more than 20 branches and branches overseas.
Market value of circulationa shares (billions): more than 60 representative offices, 520+ service points, provide full-chain services to global clients. Bubbly Aidc opens up a new growth curve: corporate technology in high-pressure, etc.
Basic data: 30 September 2025, st, etc. Aidc products. The company indicated that it would work with international head cloud producers and domestic head Internet companies to develop product identification and development with a view to achieving product drops by 2026.
Increasing R & D inputs on a continuous basis and significantly improving operating cash flows: companies focus on technological innovation and continue to increase R & D inputs, with $3.140 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 32 per cent over the previous three quarters; up to the third quarter of 2025
The net flow of $9.9 billion is a significant improvement over the same year. Considering the company's role as a two-dividend of light storage, the aidc further opens up the future space, and global competitiveness is remarkable.
Risks of policy change at home and abroad: the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: demand less than expected: risks such as increased market competition; risk of exchange rate fluctuations, etc. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.