Global access to high-quality lithium resources and continued expansion of production capacity — Tianqian lithium industry (002466.sz) incident assessment report, Thianqian lithium industry announcement: $14.296 billion in gross operating income in the first half of 2022
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn — high-quality lithium mine Greenbush at a very high price, with continued expansion in the future
The company has an interest of 26.01% in the lithium quartz mine. The Green Bush mine is the world's largest production and storage, the highest lithium mine, the lowest cost of production, the hard-rock lithium lithite mine, and the lithium reserve of about 8.3 million tons lce.
The GMB mine is currently producing 1.62 million tons of lithium concentrate per year, and 520,000 tons of lithium concentrate are in construction. By 2025, the GMB mine is expected to produce 608,000 tons of lithium concentrate in the first half of the year, with sales revenue.
AUS$ 1,413 million (equivalent to RMB 6.57 billion at 4.65 per cent exchange rate), with a price of US$ 1770/tonne for the chemical lithium concentrate for the first half of the year. According to the pricing rules, sales are priced in a six-month cycle, and in the second half of the year for the lithium concentrate for the next half of the year.
The cost is $4,187 per ton. The cost is $476 per ton. The cost q1 is $235 per ton after deducting the operating fee. The cost q2 is increased to $618 per ton. The cost is $254 per ton after deducting the operating fee.
The lithium concentrate produced by Telison is currently supplied to only two shares, tlea and Yapo, with annual production of about 50 per cent, respectively. Thus, the company’s controlling subsidiary, tlea, has a 50 per cent interest in the annual capacity of the Tyllison lithium concentrate.
Ten thousand tons, at a sales value of RMB 3,367 million. The single ton price calculated is RMB 1,10,000, which is still well below the market price of $3439 per ton in cfr China (approximately RMB 224,000 per ton).
In the case of lithium salt, the capacity to produce it in and out of the country is 6.88 million tons. The company currently has a capacity of 68.8 million tons of lithium salt, mainly from Sichuan and Jiang.
In Port Su Jiao, Chongqing has a capacity of 448 million tons of lithium chemical products in its three production bases, and in the pilot production phase, the Australasia Quinana I phase of the 24,000 tons of lithium hydroxide project.
In addition, the company Chongqing Bulbow Production Base proposes to expand the 2,000-ton metal lithium project in two phases, with 800 tons expected to be operational and operational by 2023 and 1,200 tons by 2023.
Construction and commissioning in 2025; 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate in Sichuan Suingan; commissioning in the second half of the year. Quinana produced 24,000 tons of lithium hydroxide per year. Project II main project work is almost complete, and subsidiary tlk is in the process of being built.
A review of the combined argument of combining market demand, corporate mobility, etc., and adjustments to the plan for the construction of the lithium hydroxide II project were undertaken, and the construction of the project was restarted in due course. The consortium sqm contributed to a significant increase in the return on investment, which could be expected in the future.
RMB 2,359 million, a significant increase over the same period in the previous year; during the reporting period, companies received dividends of RMB 1,172 million from sqm. Lithium salt was high, and sqm raised its sales guidelines.
Seventy-two tons of salt, a 50 per cent increase over the same year. Sales averaged $46,000 per ton, compared to 1. West Australian lithium mine and Salt Lake South America were over-expected; 2) lithium electricity demand increased less than expected; 3) company capacity was not as high as expected.
The new material group introduced the Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, 3 years of master ' s degree in science, and 6 years of experience in new energy research.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific advice or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.