Lithium Tian Qian (00246.sz) — semi-annual reviews, full compliance with leverage targets and steady progress in building new capacity — company reports: $14.296 billion in revenues and $10.328 billion in net profit returns to mothers in the first half of the year.
In financial data: 1 first half of the year, approximately 2,326 million yuan was recognized in the investment returns of the affiliated company Som; 2 million yuan in investment returns from the passive dilution of participating companies, resulting in the passive disposal of long-term equity investments; 3 and long-term equity investments resulting from the disposal of the sqmb component of the hands-off share
Investment gains of $733 million; changes in fair value of the 4-circumstance options and disposal gains and losses of $890 million; and company roll-out of the Staff Holding Plan 2022 (draft): 1 to buy back a share of general equity for the Staff Holding Scheme, with total repurchase funds of no less than $136 million and no more than $200 million and repurchase of shares
People (excluding pre-encumbered numbers), including 9 senior directors of the company; 3 stock buy-backs from the company at a price of zero dollars/equity and a 36-month lock-up arrangement; 4 company performance appraisals: combined capacity of the company's lithium chemical products totalled 90,000 tonnes lce by 2024.
The company holds the world’s best-quality lithium resource, and smelting the end-product capacity has steadily advanced by more than 10,000 tons/year. The company holds an indirect share of 26.01% of the Greenbush lithium mine, but still has control over it.
At the end of the product: the company currently has three production bases in the country, with a combined capacity of about 448 million tons of lithium salt production, and the first phase of the Quinana project in Australia, with an annual production of 24,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line, has been tested.
Production phase; construction of a battery-grade lithium carbonate production line is under way in Su Ningan.
Lithium carbonate production is expected to increase to 180,000 tons in the second half of the year. Lithium carbonate sales in sqm in 2021 were estimated at 10.11 million tons, and sales are expected to increase from 140,000 tons of lce to 145,000 tons of lce throughout the year.
A solid raw material guarantee, and a fundamental reversal in the company after the debt crisis, is expected to fully enjoy the elasticity of performance associated with the high-growth cycle in the lithium industry and maintain a “buy-in” rating. §22h1 achieves a net return of $10.3 billion to the mother and a net return of $7 billion to the mother of 22q2
Financial data: 2,326 million yuan in recognized investment earnings from the joint venture Som in the first half of the year; , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
The company introduced the Staff Holding Plan (draft) 2022: 1 company proposes to repurchase a share of general shares for the employee holding scheme, with total repurchase funds of not less than $136 million and not more than $200 million, the repurchase price of shares not exceeding $150/equity (inclusive), with repurchases expected to account for 0.06-0.08 per cent of the company ' s total equity; 2 companies participate
The total number of employee holding plans does not exceed 240 (excluding the reserved number of persons), of which 9 are senior directors of the company; 3 stock buybacks are offered to the company at a price of zero dollars/equity, with a 36-month lock-in fixed-term arrangement; 4 company performance appraisals are based on a combined capacity of 90,000 tons of the company's lithium chemical products as of 2024
This project helps companies to develop their sustainable development needs and to attract and retain talented people on a continuous basis. By holding the world’s highest quality lithium resources, smelting the end-of-life capacity has steadily advanced the company’s vision, strategically positioning high-quality resources in China, Australia, and Chile, building rules.
Modelled, technologically advanced lithium compounds production bases, and committed to long-term development strategies based on vertically integrated global industrial chains for “upstream, medium- and downstream”, have joined forces in a global partnership to promote the long-term sustainable development of lithium ion cell technology in the electric and energy industries.
At the resource end, the company uses the Green Bush lithium mine in Western Australia as a resource base, and the Sichuan Yajiang Tsora lithium mine as a resource reserve. The Green Bush lithium mine is operational with the tailings project, which expands from 1.34 million tonnes/year.
Tens of tons, q2 production loops increased by about 25%; in addition, the first half of Green Bush ' s chemical-grade lithium concentrate mine was worth $1770/toff0b, and the second half of the year is expected to increase to $4,187/toftf0b. In addition, Green Bush has two expansion plans: 1) cgp3 is expected to start construction this year, and construction is expected in 2025.
It will be completed, with an additional 520,000 tons of chemical-grade lithium mineral energy produced annually; 2) cgp4 is expected to be launched after the cgp3 project and an additional 520,000 tons of chemical-grade lithium mineral energy produced annually. From a long-term perspective, the Greenbush lithium mine is expected to produce 2.66 million tons per year, with 350,000 tons of contract lce. The Tianzi lithium industry is introducing igo as a strategy.
After the investors had an indirect stake of 26.01 per cent in the Green Bush lithium mine, they still had control of the Green Bush lithium mine, which could meet 100 per cent of the company’s existing production needs for lithium salt, and provide a solid raw material guarantee for the expansion of lithium salt production in the future.
The company owns the right to mine the lithium mine of the Sichuan Yangtze Tsola, the wholly-owned company which obtained a mining licence from the former Sichuan State Land Office on 6 April 2012. The company is conducting a feasibility study on the re-opening of the Yuzhmorgeologie gold quartz mining plant, which, when completed, will further enhance the company ' s resource security capacity.
At the end of the product, the company currently has three production bases in the country, of which the Sichuan shooting flood production base has capacity of 24,000 tons/year, including 5,000 tons of lithium hydroxide; the Jiangsujiang production base is the world’s first fully automated lithium carbonate.
Production plant, with capacity of 20,000 tonnes/year; Chongqing Beam Production Base, which is mainly engaged in the development and production of lithium metal products, with capacity of 600 tonnes/year, is proposed to expand 2,000 tonnes of lithium metal project in two phases, with 800 tonnes expected to be operational and operational in 2023, and 1,200 tonnes in 2025.
The project, which is currently under construction in the Anjong district of Suing City, Sichuan Province, is expected to have a production base overseas in 2023 and a total of 48,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line in Quinana, Australia. Of this, the project ' s 24,000 tons of capacity-remediation work is well under way, and has been repeated over and over again.
Debug and optimization, with the first batch of about 10 tons of lithium hydroxide products tested through intra-company laboratory sampling and confirmed on 19 May 2022 that all parameters meet the battery-grade lithium hydroxide standard.
The construction plan for the lithium hydroxide II project will be validated and adjusted to take account of market requirements, company mobility, etc., on the basis of effective validation of the project’s full operation.
At the end of the investment, the company now holds a stake of sqm 21.90%. Sqm is the world’s largest salt lake lithium producer, tons. According to som bulletins, its capacity for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide will increase to 180,000 tons and 30,000 tons, respectively, and by 2023 it will further increase its capacity for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide production to 210,000 tons, respectively.
(b) About 15 per cent of the current sqm lithium carbonate sales structure is sold at fixed prices or at specified intervals, about 70 per cent is on variable price contracts linked to a particular baseline, and about 15 per cent of the purchase price is not locked.
The company, as the second-largest shareholder of sqm, is expected to earn a higher investment gain from its rapid expansion of capacity. Salt Lake resources, which have a very high potential for extension, provide a solid raw material guarantee for the expansion of lithium production in middle and middle travel.
The company is expected to fully enjoy the elasticity of the performance of the lithium industry due to a high-profile cycle and maintain a “buy-in” rating following a fundamental reversal in the aftermath of the debt crisis.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject