Acoustic tap layout, "Parts + Products", in response to the wave of innovation in electronic terminals, Gore shares (002241.sz) 23 October 2020
The company began its early years in acoustics, entering the apple industry chain to supply products such as voice-based Madamems. The company reached the point of landing for its “parts plus finished” development strategy, forming three major sections of its sophisticated zero-component business, its smart acoustics business, its intellectuals and hardware business. In 2019, the company benefited from a revival of its core client's wireless headphone assembly operations.
Long trajectories, fixed asset turnover, etc. Business indicators are good. Continued end-of-end innovation for future consumer products like tws, ar/vr will be an important driving force in the rapid growth of corporate business earnings. We expect companies to lead consumer electronic terminal innovation by 2020-tws.
tws headphones are in high-speed penetration, with mobile phone active users approaching 8 billion worldwide. According to forecasts from Courtpoint and Irey, the cumulative delivery of tws is only 9.8 per cent as compared to the mobile active user package, and apples are the main force camp, and we expect that the airpods product will remain at 25 per cent of the year for the next 2-3 years.
Co-growth rates. The company, which is well equipped in the area of acoustics, has now achieved a full supply of acoustic spare parts, benefiting from the use of the core client Airpods and actively expanding its production. In June 2020, the company publicly released $2.35 billion of the fungible debt collection funds for the tws real wireless headphones project, with an expected increase in its share.
. ..ar/vr takes on consumer electronic innovation, the company first issues card core customers, the global ar/vr market is expected to warm, and the vr market is the first to mature. The company is the core supplier of the global ar/vr product, considering that the total end-out volume of Sony, Oculus and Oculus is more than 65%.
The Svr assembly business is more than 50% in the end market. The company has developed a product route for the finished parts plus the parts, starting with the whole machine, and now has a self-sufficiency rate of 15%. The company is expected to move from 1 to the acoustics to vertical integration of the parts plus the finished parts.
In May of the year of the company's establishment, the company was placed on the market at a deep-seated location, with its operating income exceeding 1 billion yuan for the first time; in 2012, the company first made its voice,
Light, electric solutions; 2014 expansion to areas such as loud-learning sensors, typologies, precision manufacturing; 2015 transition from a strategy of downstream finished parts to a business of electronic fittings, covering smart sound products, smart television accessories, smart home video game machine parts, smart tweakable electronics, industrial automation products, etc.
Odm and jdm are used to develop accessories around the client's mainframe products. Figure 1: Acoustic tap “parts + finished” vertically integrated odm/jdm manufacturers.
The Division has recombined its own business, and the smart acoustic entire machine includes products such as airpods, wired earphones, other brands tws headphones, etc. from North American clients; the smart hardware component includes consumer electronic terminals such as smart handrings, ar/vr, games accessories, etc.; and the sophisticated zero component operations cover products such as loudspeakers and speakers, microphones, etc.
In terms of operating income, the three main components of sophisticated zero-component operations, smart acoustics, and smart hardware operations account for 31 per cent and 41 per cent.28 per cent of the total, and parts of the components continue the acoustic photovoltaic layout, moving from oem to the om, jdm model, and form a development strategy for spare parts plus finished products.
Figure 2: Gore shares are made up of three major business plates 1.2, benefiting from the core client tws headphones, business performance back to growth trajectory, company hugging terminal high-quality customers, and customer concentration continues to increase.
The camp is very profitable and, although relatively homogeneous, has a high volume of goods and a long life cycle, accounting for 69.3 per cent of the year ' s revenue from the company ' s operations; the Andre camp covers Samsung, Hua and Mido brands and contributes relatively backward to the business income, but the product is rich in form and hierarchy, covering products such as watches, bracelets, ar/vr, etc.
The company is on the ground in its “parts plus finished” development strategy, and consumer electronic terminal innovation will be an important driver of growth in corporate business income. From 2015 to 2019, the company’s operating income increased from $13.7 billion to $35.1 billion, with annual compound growth, with a two-speaker programme, with growth in corporate output increasing by 41%, and post-acoustic zero.
In 2018, the volume dimension showed that, due to the decline in the volume of smartphones, and the increased competition in the area of electronics at the share level, the company's main clients of sound devices in the past were pelican fruit, and in 2018 it faced penetration bottlenecks and long replacement cycles, and sound microphones were priced for lack of innovation.
The company benefited from the core customer's wireless headphone assembly to the supply chain in 2019, with a return to high growth of business income at a rate of 48.0 per cent, followed by an increase in corporate business income driven by innovative smart terminals such as tws headphones, ar/vr; profitable parties.
The difference of $2.14 billion a year remains, and net profits are expected to return to historical highs in 2020 with an increase in the import and quality of airpodspro products. The company’s operating income in the first three quarters of 2020 reached $34.730 billion, a 43.9 per cent increase in the same year and a 2.02 billion net return to the mother, a significant increase of 104.7 per cent in the same year.
Figure 5: Gore shares return to high growth in 2019 The industry chain division of labour has expanded, and the company is expected to achieve an increase in the Māori rate in the business integration of “finished parts plus parts.” The public division has suffered from a decline in the Māori rate associated with precision and zero components, and will continue to experience a decline in Māori over time as the business of the entire machine and the business of the smart hardware
Upgraded, the combined Māori rate has risen steadily. In 2019, the Māori rate was 22.9 per cent for sophisticated zero components in the company ' s three business sections, higher than 12.7 per cent for smart acoustics and 11.2 per cent for smart hardware. On the one hand, there was a decline in profit from sophisticated zero components, 30.2 per cent, and, on the other hand, a low Māori rate owing to the use of the ems processing model for smart acoustics and smart hardware.
In the first half of 2020, the Māori rate increased by 2.4 pct to 18.0% on a year-on-year basis.
1.3 The shareholding ratio of Kang and Kang Yong brothers is 11.5% and 6.0%, and the indirect ownership of the company through the Gore Group is 18.0%, and is the actual control of the company.
Mr. Kang is a sales engineer, sales manager, and the General Agent of China, who joined us in 2005.
Figure 11: Kang Bin and Kang Yong are the real owners of Gore's shares, while this company has launched the latest employee holding scheme, Home 4, with previous holdings.
In comparison with the plan, the share of other employees in companies other than directors, supervisors and senior managers has risen significantly to 87.8 per cent, and the current plan to repurchase shares in a dedicated account is based on the stock price disturbance in the second-tier market owing to the long duration of the previous employee holding plan and the employee ' s own financial contributions.
And transfer at zero prices, with the corresponding equity incentive conditions that allow standard standards to be established, employee contributions to be made, and relative benefits to employees. 2, tws lead consumer electronic terminal innovation, and acoustics create peaks with thin hair.
2.1. The tws headphone penetration has increased rapidly, and the market has continued to expand. Apples are the leading brand of tws headphones, leading the Acoustic Portal changes.
The Bureau, the Bluetooth 5.0 market in 2019, helped clients solve the problem of double ear transmission, promoted the rapid penetration of low-priced tws, and led to the emergence of a tws headphone market for Andre. Andre's firm kept up with apples and showed a lot of flowers. According to the market, according to the Counterpoint, the share of Andre's firm has been already 2019 q1.
51.9 per cent was raised to 58.6 per cent of 2020q1 and tws headphones were still in high-speed penetration, with mobile phones active around 8 billion people worldwide, while Irene Consulting estimated global sales of tws headphones at 400 million in 2020, with a cumulative volume of 780 million items since 2016, compared to 9.8 per cent penetration of mobile phone active user packages.
Apples are the main player in high-end tws headphones, and there is still room for improvement in the headphone appliance rate of active cellular users. The airpods series is still featured in the tws headphone camp between high-priced areas, which accounts for 80% of the market share of over $100, according to the agency ' s counterpoint statistics in the third-party market.
Airpods increased their penetration rates, resulting in a surge in delivery, with 55 million deliveries in 2019, compared with 95 million in 2020 and more than 40 per cent of the global tws headphones. In terms of iphone sales matching, the penetration rate for airpods was 72.7 per cent in 2020; and in terms of stock of iphone penetration.
At this rate, the number of mobile phone matches for airpods is still very low and is still at an upswing in penetration. According to data released by Apple Chief Financial Officer 2019, there are more than 900 million active users of iPhone phones, and we estimate that the number of users of the airpods set in 2020 is only 10.6 per cent and is in an upscaling phase. Airpods are projected for the next 2-3 years.
The growth of companies will be driven by an increase in the penetration and functionality of headphones, which, according to the overall volume/cell annual output, amounted to 10.7 per cent in 2019. According to Counterpoint, in 2019 there were 1.49 billion smartphones worldwide, assuming that in 2022 the amount of smartphones could still be delivered.
We measure tws headphone sales by six price zones, with a global tws sales of 480 million sets and a sales of $1782 million. From the added value dimension, the penetration of voice recognition and health sensors will boost the market.
The headphones are expected to be an audio portal, initially interactive with voice recognition, followed by a gradual import of sound strip recognition, and the unit price of the tws headphones is expected to continue to rise. For example, the airpodspro series uses active ear-to-eye noise reduction, selling at 1999 dollars, with an increase of 28.3 per cent in the price of the airpods2 against the price of $1.558, and the walker Nb2 series is priced.
599 dollars is an increase of 50.5 per cent over the price of 398 dollars in the Tws3 series, and it is expected that the added value of the tws headphones will be imported into the future. Figure 16: Voice recognition and health telemetry will be the main growth path for the tws headphone market
2.2. Acoustic parts have a significant advantage, the company assembles its headphones, and the company is now fully supplied with acoustic parts, taking advantage of the sound surge. The company started with micro-microwinds, and the products of acoustic components extend to loudspeakers, receivers, microphones, sensors, etc., 2018
Companies outperformed their competitors in the field of microphones and loudspeakers, rising to the top of the world, and companies ranked second globally in the area of mems microphones. Companies continued to push capital spending and R & D inputs to enhance the competitiveness of acoustic manufacturing.
In 2019, research and development costs were 5.1% of business income, higher than the equivalent of 3.6% in the US, and lower than 9.5% in Swe, but the absolute amount of $1.81 billion is still higher than Swe 1.72 billion.
The company benefits from the volume of the core customers' aerpods, which actively scale up production. For the first time in 2016, the core customers launched the anaesthetic products, but the initial volume of the products and the complex assembly process, the low rate of success, the price of the purchase orders, which led to the firm becoming conservative, with the accumulation of the company ' s acoustics increasing and the customer ' s end product booming.
In June 2020, the company released $4.32 billion in revolving debt collection funds, of which $2.35 billion was spent on the tws two-ear real wireless headphone project. The company’s tws headphone business was improved, and its share of supply to core clients was expected to be added.
With the expansion of downstream demand, the return on investment in tws headphones has been high, and the return on capital investment (roic) from the company as a whole has risen steadily, reaching 3.4% of the ratio of roic to the 2020h1 company, which has increased significantly. Andre is a very popular client, and the company has produced tens of millions of units, while Andre is a product.
As the price of the bluetooth 's 5.2 chip falls, there is room for further exploration of the cost, and the rate of increase is expected to go beyond the core customer.3,ar/vr takes on consumer electronic innovation, companies first issue card core customers 3.1, vr watch games, ar watch socialization, and Innovative electronic terminal market expansion.
The global ar/vr market is expected to warm, and the vr market is the first to mature. According to a study by Sadie consultants, the global vr/ar market has grown from $4.68 billion in 2016 to $17.27 billion in 2018, with hardware reaching the end-out structure, global vr-ar equipment 92% to 8%, vr equipment maturity.
According to the statista, the market is dominated by Sony and Oculus, with 36.7% of Sony ' s deliveries and 2 billion dollars of acquisition of the leading producer, Oculus, in 2014, with 28.3% and 13.3% of htc.
vr factory applications focus on the game market, and the future market space is close to the host game. The dominant vr products in the market today are oculus, Sonypsvr, downstream applications are still game-oriented, hardware such as vr eyeglasses are added to the host game, and we compare the number of products produced by branded manufacturers, with Sonyps single products with the highest loads in the series.
The accumulated volume reached 160 million units, the Nintendo host Wii accumulated 100 million units, while all other master products accumulated less than 50 million units. The maximum cumulative output of the game host measured the market space for vr, according to a third party, greenlight measured the volume of equipment delivered by Vr in 2018, which accounted for 8.28 million units of the game host.
With a penetration rate of only 7%, we expect the penetration rate of Vr equipment to rise to 20% in 2022, assuming that the average unit price per set-up is 2,500 yuan and the corresponding market space is 80 billion yuan. The vr main manufacturer will launch a new generation of products that will catalyze the industry into a state of rapid recovery.
In 2015-2016, Sony, oculus, and htc each launched their respective products, with Sonypa vr ' s product resolution of 1 k, lagging behind the oculus and htc programmes, and three brands that have been newer in recent years, but the industry has passed a cooling period of 2-3 years.
Catalysing vr devices to speed up penetration. For example, in October 2020, Facebook launched the fifth oculus over the last four years, which is expected to fully boost demand; Sony is good at launching platform-level games, while the ps series has not been updated to achieve 4k ultra-clear video support and hdr effect in line with the latest release of the ps5 mainframe in 2020
As a result, it is expected that Psvr’s latest generation of product packages will be launched. Ar-strength-enhanced products will still have to overcome hardware difficulties and be ready to launch. Ar-publish virtual objects into the physical world of users, and enhance the perception of the physical world, as opposed to the vr product, the system environment is open and there is a future for them.
Aar collects graphic information about real events, interacts with 3d computer visuals, graphics, produces 3d stereos that show output, an industry that combines marketing and social functions, and the penetration of future products is expected to be close to smartphones on market scale. Aar hardware is subject to optical guidance technology, and maturity is still a small amount of time.
Soft, Google, Magicleap, digilens, etc. generate light-wave-driven technologies. But in the short and medium term, it will not be possible to achieve a large 3.2, company-card core client, with the advantage of “part parts plus finished” companies, which are the core suppliers of ar/vr products around the world, with a continuous increase in the voice of the industry.
For Sony, Oculus, Samsung, etc., the exclusive supply of the Vr's display of Sonypsvr, Oculus, taking into account that the total end-out volume of Sony, Oculus and others is more than 65%, we measure that the company's vr assembly is more than 50% in the end-market. Since 2016, the company has been involved on several occasions in co-operation on the ar/vr project.
High-tech chip platforms, participating in virtual reality design. In addition, companies are leading firms in the country's vr industry, participating in the evaluation and labelling of vr industries such as the Universal Standard for Virtual Reality Showing Equipment, the Standards for Handicraft Interactive Systems. Companies accumulate R & D advantages in virtual reality business, and R & D capitalization efficiency is higher than overall R & D projects.
In 2019, the cumulative R & D expenditure on the company ' s virtual reality business amounted to $730 million, with a capitalization rate of 48.1 per cent, which is higher than the overall R & D capitalization rate of 28.3 per cent for the public sector.
Systems, low delay in wireless bluetooth technology, and virtual stereos. Companies are developing in tandem with the product route of the finished + parts.
For end-products, tws integrates metal vertically, spin axes, triver, watch, hand-ring products vertically, metal parts, plastics.
Smart terminal operations are estimated as a proportion of the company’s operating costs, with direct materials/direct labour/manufacture operating costs as a percentage of the company’s operating costs in 2019.
The company's operations consist of smart acoustically whole machines, sophisticated zero components, smart audio hardware and other operations, including mainly wired, wireless headphones, smartphones, and other products from a client and non-a customers, with precise zero component content.
Products such as audio speakers, microphones, microphones and optical modules, corporate business income growth from 2020-2021, predominantly from airpods and core offshore customers, growth from airpods end sales and share enhancement, vr product renewal and core client roll-out of ar products, core
The company, as a champion of acoustics, has demonstrated its ability to develop, produce, and sell in the field of acoustic parts. The company uses tws headphones to return to the rapid growth phase, while in the consumer electronics sector, mobile phone terminals face bottlenecks with saturation, and the rise of the tws industry not only represents the rise of new consumer electronic terminals, but also provides the Internet.
The audio portal will gradually replace wired headphones, which are still at a low level in terms of cellular appliance rates and are entering an accelerated penetration phase; on the other hand, the company, as the core supplier of head North American tws headphones and as a surrogate for Andre brands, will benefit from both end start-up and quota-up performance growth in the medium and long term.
With the company starting in 2016, where the vr product will rise driven by the new product of the head manufacturer, the public sector is expected to benefit from the company’s pre-eminence when the product is ripe. In addition, the company has entered the industry on the “part parts plus finished” model, bringing down the cost, thereby boosting the Maori rate.
Table 8: Values of listed companies in the consumer electronics industry: corporate valuations are higher than the average of comparable companies 1) downstream demand is less than expected: tws headphones are not required or expected, resulting in lower end-out volumes, lower prices, and impact on corporate operating income;
2) The deterioration of competition patterns in the tws headphones sector: the company ' s future share will continue to rise and, if new suppliers are introduced, will impede the rate of increase in the company ' s share and create price repression; 3) the slowdown in the import of vr/ar products: the vr/ar product does not form a mature application ecology, and the company may face a correction
Risks from fluctuations in operating income of the aircraft class of operations.4 Exchange gains and losses risk: corporate operations are settled in United States dollars and exchange rate fluctuations affect operating income.