The seafood industry (603288.sh) is reported in mid-2024.
The number of distributors is 6674 and the ring ratio + 2.6%, with a steady optimization at the end of the channel.
The cost rate has risen slightly over the same period, and the cost reduction has contributed to improved profitability. The net interest rate of 24q2 is 23.7 per cent, benefiting from lower cost prices such as soybeans, wrapping materials, and efficiency gains within the company. The sales cost rate is 6.6 per cent, compared to +1 pcts, which is mainly for companies to launch more new items and invest in advertising to promote brand rejuvenation;
The 2024-2028 employee holding plan is published to enhance internal staff motivation. In 2024, the plan amounts to $184 million, with no more than 800 participants, and the senior director now involves Gui Qiang, Li, Chen Min, and historical equity incentives to achieve better results, and we believe that as the industry moves into a new phase of development, the company is in the process of becoming a major player.
This trend is expected to lead to a new round of better growth with the timely introduction of new equity incentives after internal optimization. In the long run, companies are actively optimizing their client structures and promoting the recovery of their channel systems, while, on the other hand, building up healthy-oriented spices, such as retorting, organic, and low-sugar salt, is expected to boost good growth in the long run.
Long-term competitiveness, accompanied by positive adjustments, is expected to contribute to improved performance and maintain a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, with a focus on non-drinking plates (the catering supply chain, etc.).
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be treated as a customer by the recipient as such. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of services, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager, you should complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.