The leadership changed successfully, and the medium- and long-term planning became clear.
The Board and the Supervisory Board meetings resulted in the election of the new Chairman and the completion of the appointment of senior executives, and the Department now has a new leadership centred on the Director, Long-Snow, the Managing Director, Jianghua, the Vice-President, Gui Junqiang, Liu Zhiqing, Sha Zhendong and others.
The company's new director, Longsue/New Managing Director, joined the company in 1992/98, and all three vice-presidents joined the company in 2006-2008.
The firm’s four-fifth plan is sound. The company shares feedback that the pick-up and sales in the appetizers industry in 2023 were lower by the same number and weaker demand and lower consumption.
The structural opportunities that lead to slower growth in the industry, increased competition, healthyness in squeezed growth, re-alteration, and faster packaging are highlighted. The company’s four-fifth plan will be based on its own development and will continue to raise the city’s share, keeping the medium- and long-term development path clear, with future income and profits expected to grow evenly.
Marker, companies will fully push for sustained medium- and long-term change: 1) shift scale advantage into manufacturing advantage, perfect supply chain layout, and build end-to-end extreme supply chain systems through technology-driven etc.; 2) transform network advantage into user advantage, allowing users to take a higher view into business culture; 3) upgrade and core distribution
At the commercial level, it is possible to build up a high-quality network and fine-tune the end of operations; and (4) to develop niches such as soy sauce, astore, soy sauce, and soybean sauce, while nurturing alcohol, vinegar, recombination, healthy products, etc. At the profit end, the company is expected to maintain the Māori rate by optimizing the supply chain and by focusing on it.
Seafood Industries (603288): 2024 mid-point Market and business precision inputs to optimize cost rates and achieve income and profit balance.
Regional growth has continued, cost dividends have been released to optimize profitability, channel reforms have shown a somewhat higher performance than expected, and companies have launched the Staff Holding Plan 2024-2028.
It is expected that the staff will be fully motivated, stimulating internal dynamism. Through research and feedback, the company’s revenues grew robustly in August and mid-autumn, with a slight decline in the stock ring compared to July, and a good overall business as a whole. & 1-quarter review in 2024: 23 years of reform.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's four or five plans are clear, and we maintain the company's 24-26-year income forecast, the three major financial forecasts for the seafood industry
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.