The seafood industry: 2024q2 business resilience growth, overperformance event: company mid-2024 report, 2024h1 income of $14,156 million, compared to q2 income resilience growth, channel adjustment effect gradually emerging. q2 industry demand pressure, row
There is no drop in competition, companies are experiencing recalcitrant growth and higher income expectations. The share of sub-products is rising significantly. By region, income is better in the east/south/central/northern/west, market share increases are evident, while companies are actively adjusting channel structures and developing meals.
The number of dealers in the first half of the year was the same as 1,221 to 6674, representing a net increase of 168 compared to the beginning of the year. The cost of raw materials led to an increase in the Māori rate and a steady increase in profitability.
The cost of raw materials, such as soybeans and pet, is lower. On the cost side, the sales/management/research and development costs are the same as the field inputs, the sales costs are slightly higher, and the overall cost rates are more stable.q2 net interest rates
The same ratio +0.73pct to 23.79% has led to a steady increase in the level of profitability. < < Seafood: 2024q1 opens slightly ahead of schedule > , and the effect of the restructuring is gradually emerging, with a steady increase in the shareholding of newcomers.
This year, the company expects the end-of-product company to insist on a user-centred embrace of consumer trends, building many of the world’s best interests.
By actively embracing new retail, industrialization channels through channels, and by optimizing the channel structure and helping to ease stock pressure on distributors, it is expected to build a solid foundation for long-term steady growth through active internal adjustment of savings. At the same time, the company released its 2024-2028 employee shareholding scheme.
The plan is to be implemented in five phases, with a locking period of 12 months, with no more than 800 participants, of whom the share of senior executives is not more than 15%, and to encourage more favors to middle-level and cadre staff. With regard to the targets, the company ' s performance appraisal in 2024 was targeted at excluding the cost of equity incentives from the net profit of the parent.
Seafood industry: 2024q2 business resilience growth with over-performance recovery of demand for drinking and less-than-expected adjustment of channels. Seafood industry: 2024q2 business resilience growth with over-performance
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report