On August 29, 2024, the Seafood Industry published its semi-annual report for 2024.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn ' s Draft Staff Holding Scheme 2028.                                                                       the cost of raw materials
Company 2024h1 collects $14,156 million (up 9 per cent), and the net profit from the return of raw material prices will ease the cost pressure, and the sales rate will increase by the same amount, from 1 pct to 6.60 per cent, mainly as a result of increased competition in the market for the company's labour, advertising and pushing.
As a result of the increase in broad spending, the administrative cost rate increased by 0.1 pct to 2.13 per cent, and, taken together, the net interest rate increased by 1 pct to 23.79 per cent.
In terms of product, the company's 202,0202 sauce/save sauce/veal oil/other products are collected, and the sauce is growing rapidly with other products. In terms of distribution, the company values process appraisals, push-channel inventory de-escalation, and the dealer's confidence is clearly mentioned.
Performance recovery, channel optimization continued up, with a total of 6674 company distributors by the end of 2024h1, a net increase from the beginning of the year.
2023-08 - Profit increases of not less than 10.8 per cent (effects of elimination of share payments) and companies are steadily moving towards year-round motivation through the introduction of an employee holding scheme to increase team motivation
In a weak external environment, firms adjust their channels of stock in a timely manner, collating their systems, enhancing market competitive advantages, exploiting their business potential, following up on distribution channels Macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected recovery in consumption, increased competition in industry, production
The Food Beverage Group presents Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.