Building up the supply chain and fully optimizing the strategic layout - Sea Sky Industry (603288.sh) incident assessment report 19 September 2024, Sea Weather Industry released 2024 - 2028 employee shareholdings
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn plans to hold the first temporary shareholder congress in 2024.
184.335 million yuan, with a 2024 counterpart firm performance appraisal target of 2024 net return, profit of not less than 10.8 per cent (effects of elimination of share payments), and corporate engagement through the introduction of the Stakeholder Scheme to increase team motivation and steadily move towards the year-round incentive target
• Seeking structural opportunities in the industry, fully optimizing the strategic layout The taste-cooling industry has moved from medium to high to medium to low growth, showing remarkable resilience, with a squeezed growth that keeps the longtails clear and will need to capture the structure of the industry in the future
At the strategic level, companies adapt to the debris scene at the marketing end, open lines, gift requests, from management to basic staff, to enable users to expect more than they've ever wanted to do.
Power will transform the advantage of scale into the advantage of creation, the advantage of the network into the advantage of the user, and the ability of the supply chain. At the end of the channel, the company will continue to develop the ability to clean up, the weaker distributors will use digital means to enable the distributors to sink the market.
1. Sea Sky Fest (603288): Channels, accumulation of user resources, promotion of team fission, continued profitability of distributors.
At the same time, under pressure from the catering industry, the company uses the cost lead to push 2 and Sea Weather Industries (603288): a season of steady growth in the catering channels, which continue to grow.
Continuous construction of the fourth/fifth/sixth class, other than soy sauce, to promote the development of vinegar, alcohol and alcohol, the expansion of healthy, heterogeneous and modified groups, and the restoration of the fundamentals.
3. Seafood Industries (603288): Continuing performance repair, change start-up 2023-10 - In a weak external environment, companies adjust their pipeline inventories in a timely manner to test the results
To strengthen the competitive edge of the market, to tap into the potential for doing business, to follow up on the distribution channels, to recover from the new products. According to the annual reporting targets and the objectives of the employee holding plan, I have macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected recovery in consumption, increased competition in the industry, production.
Sun Shan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.