The deduction of non-net profits increased by 183.44 per cent over the same period, the national product replaced performance promotion release Shinko semiconductor increased by 52.5 per cent over the same year in 2022, and the deduction of non-repatriated net profit increased by 183.44 per cent over the same year.
The huhui2@guosen.com.cn rate drops by 3.4 pct on a year-on-year basis, with sales, management and financial cost rates decreasing by approximately $437 million on a year-on-year basis, respectively, taking into account the decrease in government subsidies for non-recurring gains and losses
The break-through accelerated the penetration rate and the completion of the new plant guaranteed capacity. The company had made some progress at 60:1 at a very high depth.
By the end of the year, the company had more than 3311 response stations at its customer’s 106 chip production line. The Department’s annual target is to increase the penetration rate of ccp on the country’s advanced logic production line to 60%, ccp to 75%, ccp to 85%, icp to 75%, and Nanchang to 75%.
The near-port line has been completed to provide a guarantee of capacity, and it is expected that in 2023 the plant will have a total of 348,000 new items of equipment certified and a new growth point is expected to be available in 23 years. The company ' s new icp, ccp etching equipment will be successfully validated on the customer ' s research and development line and will be imported gradually into the client ' s end production line; and the film deposition equipment will be successfully developed.
Lpcvd for advanced logic devices and metal tungsten deposition in the 3dnand production line has been certified at a well-established pre-reconfirmed storage plant in the country, as well as at ald equipment for metal deposition, epi equipment for the advanced production process of silicone growth in the customer, and mocvd equipment for the manufacture of micro-led devices.
Japan limits the export of equipment, the share of which is lower than expected, and the replacement of the domestic production of corrosion equipment accelerates further. In the near future, Japan has indicated that it will restrict the export of 23 semiconductor manufacturing equipment, including cleaning, deposition, lighting, and carving.
The capriciousness of the corrosion chain is relatively high at the production line, with a global market of 28% in 2021, and the limited export of Japanese equipment will further boost the demand for national production as an alternative. As a domestic corrosion tap, the performance of micro- and microproducts has been on the standard lam, tel, and continues to benefit from the accelerated rate of national production substitution.
Sino-micro Co. (688012.sh) - Water column in home-grown etching equipment, multi-lined layout aided by Sino-micro Corporation (688012.sh) - new year-on-year increase of 60.24 per cent in the previous three quarters, investment proposal: extension of crystal mills to upgrade equipment demand, trade frictions to accelerate the process of national production substitution, in conjunction with the public sector
Medium and Micro Corporation (688012.sh) - Rapid growth in income from corrosion equipment, R & D enhancement assistance Figure 1: Corporate operating income and the same rate of increase (billion yuan) Figure 2: Corporate operating income in the single quarter and the same rate of increase (billion dollars)
Figure 3: Net corporate return profits and rate of increase in corporate returns (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Net corporate return profits and rate of increase in corporate returns in single quarters (billions) Figure 5: Changes in corporate revenue structure
Figure 6: Māori ratio of company sub-products Figure 7: Māori rate of company sales, net interest rate of sales, rate of cost over time Figure 8: Māori rate of company sales over a single quarter, net interest rate of sales, rate of cost over time
Figure 9: Corporate sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates Figure 10: Corporate single-quarter sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates Main company operations are divided into three areas: sale of specialized equipment, sale of spare parts and maintenance of equipment.
The sale of spare parts and the maintenance of equipment is expected to continue in 2023-2025. The sale of spare parts and equipment is a major part of the company.
We expect companies to continue to benefit from advanced processes and the expansion of 3dnand, and the country's mocvd equipment: given the development of miniled and power devices, there is still room for upswing in the market in the micromocvd.
Taking account of the led landscape cycle, based on publicly available company data, an increase in the revenue from mocvd equipment is projected for 2023-2025. cvd/epi equipment: lpcvd and epi extension equipment in medium and micro layouts has yielded some results.
Spare parts: Corporate spare parts revenue is expected to increase as specialized equipment continues to be released. Major rates are expected to be: based on the fund-raising project, the company will increase its research and development efforts towards cutting-edge processes.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject