Quarterly review 2023: steady growth in performance, negative contract Wong Swe Company Keyword: #import Substitute
Events: The company issued a quarterly report in 2023. mocvd drove a steady increase in the collection end, with the highest ever number of hand orders compared to 13.94%. Corporate corrosion equipment continues to receive more customer approval, both domestically and internationally, with markets taking over.
In addition, the company's ccp etching equipment has been sold in bulk on the most advanced 5nm chip production line in the world and on the next generation of more advanced production lines. In addition, the company's icp etching equipment has been continuously approving more etching applications, rapidly expanding the market and receiving batch orders from leading customers.
2) mocvd: 2023q1 achieves revenues of 167 million yuan, i.e. 300.48% of the year. The company mocvd continues its absolute dominance on the blue green light led production line in a new generation of Mini-led industrializations, with corporate contractual liabilities and inventory amounting to 23.20 million yuan and 3,705 million yuan, respectively, compared to the end of 2022.
The company’s revenue is expected to continue to grow high in 2023 as orders continue to be delivered.  Non-recurring gains and losses increase profit margins, q1 sales net interest rate equal to +10 pct 2023q1 net return profit of $275 million equal to +134.98%; non-return achieved
The net profit of the mother is $228 million, +22.22% of the year. The net interest rate for sales of 2023q1 and net interest rate for non-sales sales is 45.87%, with a slight increase in sales of the same year +0.40 pct, in which corrosion equipment, mocvd performances are clearly positive. The main changes in non-recurring gains and losses are: (1) company ' s causes
Non-recurring gains and losses from equity investments amount to $220,000, representing a deficit of $101 million over 2022q1.
• Actively promoting new products, building new bases, opening up growth space, and, while consolidating the competitive advantage of existing products, actively promoting new products, opening up markets, opening up multi-product lines, opening up the growth space.
1ccp Device: Actively working with mainstream clients to define the main functional and technical indicators of the next generation of ccp carving machines, to continuously increase city occupancy and to develop very deep corrosion machines independently of the company. 2icp Device: Primonovaicp etching products are already in excess of 20 customer lines of production
3 mocvd equipment: Active layout of third generation semiconductor equipment, mocvd setting for the development of the gan power unit mass production application
Ready, delivered to leading domestic and international clients for production certification. 4 film deposition equipment: based on metal tungsten cvd equipment, the company is further developing cvd and ald to achieve a higher depth-wide ratio and smaller critical size structure filling, while the development of extended equipment (epi) is well under way and is in the process of being built into the sample mechanism.
Debugging phase. 4 Measuring equipment: company participation in science, layout front/detection equipment, currently 34.75 per cent of the company ' s shareholding and intended to receive concessions through a bid-picking exercise on a self-financing basis. In 2021, the company began construction of Nanchang, Hong Kong Industrial Base, Hong Kong Research and Development and Headquarters.
The project, which laid the foundation for the medium- and long-term growth of the company as capacity is released at an accelerated pace, has been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) by Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd.