1023 operating income increased by 28.86 per cent in the same year, and the penetration rate of corrosion equipment rose rapidly.
The rates for carving equipment are 47.3 per cent and 40.1 per cent, respectively, while the rates fall by 1.29 pct over the same period, with sales costs, management costs, R & D costs and financial costs. The company's market occupancy rate for carving equipment is increasing, with 1023 carving equipment earning 814 million yuan.
Compared to +13.94 per cent, 1q23mocvd equipment generated $167 million, corresponding to 300.48 per cent, 1q23 public carving technology breakthroughs accelerated the penetration rate, and new plant completion guaranteed capacity. The company was extremely deep at 60:1 and had a maximum price of 52 weeks/minimum price.
There has been some progress in the development of the wide ratio process, and the icp process is being validated well in the country, and penetration is expected to rise rapidly. The company’s annual report will target a future ccp penetration rate on the country’s advanced logic production line, which will reach 348,000 square metres, and a full-scale plant will expand by more than 15 times.
The company's icp, ccp new etching equipment was successfully validated on the customer's research and development line and gradually imported into the client's end production line; lpcvd of the film sedimentation equipment was at a good pace, ald equipment and pi equipment, as well as manufacturing, in a well-known state-of-the-art storage facility in the country.
The development of mocvd equipment for the micro-led device is well under way and is in the manufacturing and debugging phase of the prototype, which is expected to be rolled out in mid-2023.
China Micro Co. (688012.sh) - Deduction of non-net profits increased by 183.44 per cent on a year-on-year basis, national product, China Micro Co. (688012.sh) - Streaming poles in indigenous etching equipment, multilined layout aided
China Micro Corporation (688012.sh) - 60.24 per cent increase in the first three quarters of the year, China Micro Company (688012.sh) - 1022 increase in the income from corrosion equipment by 105 per cent increase in the same year, Figure 1: Corporate operating income and increase in the same rate (billion yuan)
Figure 2: Corporate income from single quarter operations and growth rate of the same year (millions of yuan) Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and increase of the same year (billions) Figure 4: Corporate net profit return of the same quarter and increase of the same year (billions)
Figure 5: Changes in corporate revenue structure Figure 6: Māori ratio of company sub-products Figure 7: Māori rate of company sales, net interest rate of sales, cost over time
Figure 8: Māori, net interest rates on sales, period rates on corporate sales, Figure 9: Corporate sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates, Figure 10: Corporate sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates on single quarter
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject