The net profit from the deduction is higher than the net profit from the withdrawal from the return to the mother, and the new product is progressing well.The net profit from the deduction from the deduction from the return to the mother is 919 million yuan, an increase of 183.44 per cent over the same period.The average annual operating income of the 10 years has remained above the 35 per cent growth rate, with the camp achieved in 2022.
Business revenues of $4.740 billion, an increase of 52.50 per cent, have reached an all-time high of $919 million, or 183.44 per cent, of the net profit of the mother. The growth in corporate revenue and performance has largely benefited from the fact that plasma etching equipment continues to gain more customer recognition, both domestically and internationally, and has been marketed.
The rate is rising, and the mocvd equipment has been an absolute leader on the blue green light led production line in a new generation of Mini-led industrialization. The company’s combined Māori rate in 2022 is well advanced in new products technology and its products are growing.
The maximum/lowest price technology in 52 weeks for integrated Damascus etching processes and storage devices is well advanced. The integration of 28 nanometres and below is significant.
The Masge etching process, where the company developed an etching machine to regulate electrodes spacing, in which the cavity's polar plate spacing is dynamically regulated to satisfy both the punctures and the troughs of non-coated Shanghai Entrepreneurship Investment Ltd.
The same process requirements. For very high depth-wide corrosion in storage devices, the company has developed a very high degree of self-depreciating depth than the corrosion device, replacing 2mhz with 400khz as a phthalmic frequency source to acquire a higher degree of ion-injection energy and directness, bringing the size of the critical dimensions of the etching in the deep hole and in the deep sink into order.
The first Cvd Tungsten equipment was delivered to the key storage client validation assessment, while the Cvd Tungsten equipment was checked with more logic and stored by the customer. On the basis of the metal tungsten cvd equipment, the tungsten tungsten equipment was certified.
The Division is further developing new types of cvd tungsten and ald tungsten equipment to achieve higher depth-wide structure material fillings, and laboratory tests have now been initiated while docking with key clients.
The company’s pi equipment has entered the prototype design, build, and debugging phase. Downstream capital spending has fallen short of expectations, domestic substitution has fallen short of expectations, and trade friction has intensified.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.