Summary of events: On 30 March, China Micro reported 2022. The company achieved income of 1697 million yuan in the 22nd quarter, an increase of 63.88 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity was 377 million yuan, a decrease of 19.75 per cent in the same year; income growth was robust and profits re-innovated.
\triangleright’s fair value and investment returns. 4q22 achieves net profit of $276 million, which is a year-on-year increase in the share of the main industry, breaking through the advanced process.
\triangleright has a ccp etching lead, market occupancy rates are rising, and icp etching is generating revenue.In 2022, the company earned $3.14 billion in corrosion equipment, an increase of 57.1 per cent, and Māori rate of 47.0 per cent.
At the same time, the company's corrosion equipment continues to break through the advanced process, and on the internationally leading 5nm and the following production lines, the company's ccp etching equipment stock exceeds 200 response stations, with a city-wide rate of assessment: a steady increase in revenue and a bright order of 2022/10/
About 11%. In the logical chip process, the company rolled out Damascus etching equipment, and in the storage process, in mid-2022, Jun 2. Medium and Medium Micro (688012.sh) reported that the Division was about to complete its push to the market by launching extremely deep and wide carving machines.
In addition to the strong growth performance of the main industry, the company has set up \triangleright 3. Medium and Micro (688012.sh) in mid-2022.
Multiple new items of film-film equipment, some of which are already in the client validation phase, are being evaluated: strong orders, higher profitability - 2022/01) lpcvd: tungsten-filled pcvd equipment has been tested for stability and tested by clients and is being opened
4. Sino-micro company (688012.sh) 2021 Annual Report Review: Release of new type cvd devices to achieve higher depth-wide fillings, break-through of corrosion products and orderly importation of sedimented new items
2) ald: Nitrogenated titanium filmald equipment for high-end storage and logical devices has been validated at the laboratory level - 2022/04/04 and ald tungsten equipment has been docked with key clients.
3) epi: Epi equipment for silicon out-growth processes of less than 28 nm has been developed successfully and is now in the sample 4) mocvd: the mocvd device for the manufacture of silicone-based nitrified thorium power units has been delivered to domestic and foreign customers and has received repeated orders; the extension equipment for the application of silicon carbonated power devices is also under development and will be delivered in 2023
\triangleright sees the company's leading edge in the nationalization of semiconductor equipment and maintains a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.