The performance depth and application rises with a high degree of dynamic development of carved dragons and events: SME issued its 2022 annual report with a revenue of $4.740 billion in 2022, an increase of 52.50 per cent; the net return to the mother was $1,170 million, an increase of 15.66 per cent; and the net non-return to the mother was $919 million.
The main reasons for the change in performance include: (1) Plasma etching equipment entering 5 nm and more advanced production lines, with a continuous increase in city occupancy: in semiconductor front-track processes, the plasma etching process is the most difficult and is one of the equipment essential for front-track processing. The company is now autonomously developing plasma etching equipment at 5 nm and below.
A generation of more sophisticated production lines has achieved multiple sales, domestic and foreign customer recognition has gradually increased, and city occupancy has gradually increased, adding: (2) mocvd equipment has gained absolute leadership in the blue green lightled production line: the company mocvd equipment has made large-scale inputs into the industry leading the client line and has become the world's highest-ranked nitrous silicon.
Equipment manufacturers; (3) significant progress in the development of new products: the process of research and development of ald nitrogen-based titanium equipment for high-end storage and logical devices has been steadily advanced and is in the laboratory test stage. The extended production equipment prototype for silicon-carbonized devices is about to enter the client test.
The Ald metal process, which is needed by the logical front-end metal fence, is about to enter the market in Damascus, where the company’s share of corrosion equipment is expected to rise.
New items such as dscsd-rie in the ccp track (for Damascus etching) and ud-rie (for Wang Haivi in the storage market with extremely deep-wide corrosion) are about to enter the market.
The Mccp city is expected to be over 85%; the Mccp city is expected to be over 60% in the country’s advanced logical devices. In the icp track, the prmotwin-star (high-cost-out solutions) achieves production volumes and repeats orders for multi-client production at home and abroad.
In the country’s advanced storage areas, MSMEs are expected to account for more than 65%, and MSMEs are expected to account for more than 75% of all advanced logical devices in the country. Given the increased willingness of the country to replace national production with a mature system of expansion and crystallization, the firm’s performance is higher.
Semi data, China’s continental crystal-crystal plant is the world’s number one, and it is expected that 31 large crystal-crystal plants will be established by the end of 2024, all of which will be mature. With the US ban on equipment such as light-engineing, the crystal-crystal plant’s willingness to adopt national production equipment has been strengthened, accelerating the process of national substitution of semiconductor equipment and providing historical opportunities for company development.
According to Semi, the domestic production rate of semiconductor equipment for crystal mills was 35% in 2022, an increase of 14 pcts compared to the same year. Three-dimensional 3D strategy to ensure a high-speed and stable healthy and safe development of the company.
Through a three-dimensional 3-dimensional strategy, to avoid corporate instability caused by single-product market fluctuations, and to ensure high speed and stable healthy and safe development of companies. The three leading players in the domestic etching of equipment and its four main products in terms of performance and value for money are among the top three players in the world.
Subcover, offer buy-a advice.