The corrosion device continues to break through, and the film plus optical detection equipment can be used in the future.
Four hundred and forty billion yuan, an increase of 52.50 per cent over the same period, the accelerated growth of the net return to the mother, the rising rate of carving equipment markets, the benefits of the process of nationalization of semiconductor equipment and the competitive advantage of the company's products,
Business income of $4.740 billion in 2022, an increase of 52.50 per cent in the same year and a growth rate of more than 35 per cent over a decade; net profit of $919 million, a rise in the same year; growth mainly due to the continued acquisition of more customers at home and abroad of the company's plasma etching equipment
In recognition of the fact that the market is increasing, there are multiple bulk sales on the most advanced 5nm chips, production lines and more advanced production lines of the next generation, and the main product, mocvd, is being industrialized in the new generation of Mini-Led, in blue green light.
The annual Māori rate of the company was 45.74 per cent (+2.38 pct) and the non-net interest rate was 19.40 per cent (+0.56 pct) and the overall profit level continued to rise. On the cost side, the company achieved 8.62 per cent of sales, management and financial costs, respectively, in 2022.
The ccp&icp&mocvd core equipment continues to break through, looking forward to the unexpired period 2022-10-28.
2. China Securities* Report* (688012): rapid release of icp etching equipment, and acquisition of ccp, icp, mocvd equipment from the core of the company, including ccp, icp, mocvd equipment
Multiple-line research and development continues to advance the layout industry. ccp etching equipment: 475 ccp etching cavities were produced in 2022, compared to +59.40%. Double-reaction platform etching machines are the most advanced in the world.
3. The Chinese Securities * Report* achieved multiple batches on the Nm chip production line and the next generation of more advanced production lines (688012): semi-annual performance forecast
The corrosion equipment is not only widely used in the production line of 3dnand, but also rated as growing brightly with non-mortality net profits. The single function is validated by the process of multiple dynamic storage units.
Quarterly profitability innovation *2020705* van Damascus etching process and storage device with extremely deep-wide corrosion techniques and acquisition of beneficial people * 2022-07-05
Good progress, soon to enter the market. icp etching equipment: In 2022, two icp devices were introduced with a high depth, a wide ratio structure etching and a high evenness etching, which is the basis for the icp etching process in the manufacture of logical chips of 55m, 4n0nm and 28nm.
On top, it expands the scope of etching applications in the manufacture of chips such as dram, 3dnand storage chips and features. More than 100 icp etchings are performed on the production lines of more than 20 customers' logic, dram and 3dnand.
Process output. mocvd equipment: cumulative mass of mocvd products up to 2022 in excess of 500 cavities, leading the international industry in nitrogenated mocvd equipment and mini-led visible extension production equipment, specialized in micro-led applications
With mocvd equipment under development, the development of production equipment for carbonated silicon power devices extension has been initiated. The company continues to break through the ccp, icp, mocvd equipment, and looks forward to a further increase in the market share in the future.
The film equipment & optical detection equipment is progressing well, looking forward to the future. The film equipment in the company's layout is progressing well. The film equipment: the first cvd Tungsten equipment is delivered to the key storage client validation assessment, and it is planned to be developed.
More advanced cvd and ald equipment, the silipipi equipment has entered the design, manufacture and debugging stages of the prototype, and further coverage of the membrane equipment is expected to increase.
With 34.75% share in the 2022 Replenishment, smart instruments are the few companies in the country that have entered the world’s leading 12-inch production line, and the only one in the country that has entered a Korean-leaded prechip production company, the national integrated circuit facility.
According to the report, membrane deposition and detection equipment are the second and fourth semiconductor equipment in market size, with the market sizes of $14.4 billion and $82.5 billion respectively in 2022.
People, with a vast market space, are expected to accompany the accelerated evolution of national production. The semiconductor market needs are not as high as expected; the downstream crystal round manufacturing capacity is not expanding as expected.
Risks; risk of spare parts shortage; failure to develop new equipment as much as expected.
Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University of Singapore, formerly set up in the Chinese Science and Technology Academy of the Chinese University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Electronics and Finance Complex
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.