Crystal Australasia (002459) IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment
In the reporting period, the company achieved a double increase in the volume and profitability of its goods attributable to the parent. The company was a leading supplier of photovoltaic products in the industry and one of the pioneers in the domestic photovoltaic industry, which has been built to include silicon sticks/silicon silicon, silicon chips, too.
The entire industry chain, including solar-powered batteries and solar-powered components and solar-powered photovoltaic power plants, became one of the leading companies in the domestic photovoltaic industry that had complete industrial chains and coordinated structural layouts. With the company ' s reorganization of a share market, business was well developed, and this performance increased significantly.
The company has been working on the development and innovation of photovoltaic technology, focusing on the development of new structures for crystallized silicon solar cells that significantly improve their photovoltaic energy.
Conversion efficiency, trying to get close to the theoretical limit. At the same time, efforts have been made to significantly reduce the cost of industrial production of the new crystal stock/flow (million shares) of silicon solar cells, which is driven by advances in solar battery devices.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) Technology and market competitiveness in the chain of the crystalline silicon-based solar power generation industry.
During the reporting period, market demand and supply chains were affected by the new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic, and corporate management was fully committed to reducing the impact of the epidemic on corporate business development, taking full advantage of its global market marketing services network and branding.
In the first half of 2020, the output of the company’s components is expected to exceed 6gw, and Māori is expected to remain at a high level. The capacity has expanded in an orderly manner to meet market demand. By the end of 2019, the company’s silicon output had reached 11.5gw.
Battery capacity has reached 11gw, and the component capacity has reached 11gw. In 2020, the company's expansion plan proceeded in an orderly manner, and by the end of 2020, the component capacity is expected to reach 20gw, which is an age-old qualification code:
Investment proposals: the firm’s deep-deep-farming industry, its strong brand, its successful overseas business expansion, its continued optimization of its production structure, and its reduced efficiency drive. Companies are expected to develop further.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report