The sale of components continues to grow, and the accelerated integration of the layout guarantees controllability of profits.
\triangleright component sales continue to grow, and new technology applications increase profitability. In the first half of 2020, the output of company components increased by 5.46gw, a 29% increase over the same period, with 3.91gw overseas, a 71.7% share, overseas products with higher profitability, combined with new technology applications, increased profitability of products, and cost control.
The cost rate has declined, with companies achieving a year-on-year increase in their key performance indicators in the first half of the year. In the second quarter, the company’s second quarter component was about 3.19gw, an increase of 43.7%, and the ring was 40.5%, but the Māori rate fell slightly, as a result of the fall in product prices in the second quarter.
By the end of 2019, the company had 11.5 gw of silicon, batteries, and components.
11gw and 11gw. Currently, the company is building a new silicone crystal 4.6gw, upgrading its high-efficiency battery by 3.6gw in an orderly manner, and is building a new component 5.5gw in an orderly manner; Meanwhile, the company announces its intention to expand the integrated production capacity, including 4gw silicone slices, 4gw batteries and 3.2gw components, which are expected to be completed within 3 months of the silicon project and 6 months of the cluster project.
Co-development, centralized procurement, optimization of logistics, etc., to effectively control the cost of procurement; promotion of efficiency in all aspects of mitigation through the promotion of smart manufacturing, continuous enhancement of lean production and management, and the autonomous control of corporate profitability through multiple means, such as integrated productive capacity-building.
\triangleright has a deep blue deepblue 3.0, based on 182 mm large silicon silicon-based super-power components, a product supercium plus high-efficiency battery technology, half a piece of technology, 11bb technology, sulfide technology power output of more than 545w+, which is better able to meet customer demand for high-efficiency products.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The risk factors are: the new coronary disease, etc., which causes global photovoltaic jets to fall short of expectations; the risk of changes in technology routes; the risk of price fluctuations in products and raw materials, etc.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 to conduct research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making with this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.