On the 16th of September, 2020, we will be re-engaging the long list of silicon materials.
▪ Events: (1) announcement of the expansion of integrated production capacity: 1) 1 gw crystals per year and 5 gw slices project with investment of 670 million yuan; 2) 20 gw crystals per year and slices project with investment of 5.83 billion yuan; 3) 3.5 gw high-efficiency solar cells project in Viet Nam with investment of 1.47 billion yuan per year; 4) 6gw high-efficiency solar cells project with investment
The amount is 1.72 billion yuan; 5) Viet Nam ' s annual production of 3.5gw high-power component project, with an investment of 700 million yuan, with a total investment of about 10.39 billion yuan. (2) Strategic Co-operative Trading Agreements: Companies have signed silicon long-line agreements with new specials, and companies are planning to purchase 90.2 million tons of original multi-crystal silicon from newcomers between October 2020 and December 2025.
The unit price of the product is determined by monthly bargaining, and the latest price estimate published by pvinfolink is about $9,137 million.  The expansion is accelerating again, the front-loading is starting again: the outlook is good in the light market, and the company's access to finance is expanding smoothly after returning to a.
The pace of expansion is accelerating, with a total of 34.2gw sticks and slices, 27.1gw batteries and 16.5gw components announced since the end of 2019, with a total investment of $26.990 billion. The company's return to a fast-tracking of chain capacity is expected to be further enhanced by the end of 20 years.
Silicon, battery, assembly capacity of 18, 18, 23gw, late 21 years, 23, 23, 28gw, integration poles reloaded! • Accelerated layout overseas, with potential for further improvement: overseas components are more brand-oriented and typically Māori rates are significant
The company is one of the first components to be deployed overseas, with 1.5gw silicon tablets and 1.3gw battery capacity in Malaysia to date in Viet Nam. The announcement company is expanding the capacity of 3.5gw batteries and 3.5gw components in Viet Nam.
It is expected that the output of overseas components will improve further after delivery, and that there will be a profit-making capacity for silicons to sign long-term orders to secure the supply of raw materials and future profits: on the one hand, the company will expand production at a faster rate, silicon production capacity will grow rapidly and demand for siliconsil materials will continue to grow; on the other hand, the silicon production capacity will be limited and will continue to grow in the next 1-1.5 years.
It will be a chain of constraints for the whole industry. The current shortage of silicon is such that companies still have the ability to give priority to signing silicon sheets with the leading silicon industry, which will guarantee stable production of raw materials on the one hand, and future profits on the other, and will highlight the company’s leading position on the other.
▪ Integration is well-developed and companies are very profitable: at current point prices, the Māori ratio of the three-point integration companies (Silicon 1, Crystal and Australasia (002459), six months a year, batteries, components) is about 22 per cent higher than the two-point integration rate (cells, components)
The ratio of silicon, batteries, and components at the end of the year is about 0.9:0.9:1, which is very high at the end of the year.
Accompanied by integration, companies are more profitable than their counterparts.2 The semi-annual review of the performance of Crystal and Australasia (002459).
20H1 performance has increased significantly, and integrated flagship firms have benefited from downstream demand growth & component market concentration has continued to increase & large-scale structure optimized, undervalued profitability excellence, with emphasis on recommendations!
3 Quarterly Review of Crystal and Australasia Technology (002459).
Events: (1) announcement of expansion of integrated production capacity: 1) annual production of 1 gw lacs and 5 gw slices with investment of 670 million yuan; 2) annual production of 20 gw lacs and slices with investment of 5.83 billion yuan; 3) annual production of 3.5gw with high output of 3.5 billion yuan; 5) annual production of 3.5gw high power components of Viet Nam with investment of 700 million yuan, with total investment of approximately 10.39 billion yuan
(ii) Strategic Co-operative Trading Agreement: the company has signed a silicon long-sheet agreement with the new special, and the company plans to purchase 90,200 tons of raw multi-crystal silicon from the new special for the period October 2020 to December 2025. The unit price of the product is determined by monthly bargaining, and the latest price estimate published by pvinfolink is approximately $9,137 million.
The expansion has accelerated, and the top-heavy reloading: the outlook for the light market has improved, the company has successfully expanded its access to finance after a return, and the pace of expansion has accelerated, with a total of 34.2gw sticks and slices, 27.1gw batteries and 16.5gw components announced since the end of 2019, with a total investment of $26.99 billion.
In Viet Nam, the distribution of batteries, assembly capacity and further enhancement of the company's foreign market are expected to reach 18, 18, 23gw by the end of 20 years and 23, 23, 28gw by the end of 21 years.
In terms of faster deployment overseas, profitability is expected to increase further: overseas components are more brand-oriented, usually with a significantly higher Māori ratio than in the country. Companies are among the first components to be deployed overseas, with 1.5gw silicon and 1.3gw battery capacity in Malaysia as of now in Viet Nam. This announcement company has a combined expansion of 3.5gw batteries and batteries in Viet Nam.
3.5gw component capacity and accelerated overseas deployment is expected to further enhance the competitiveness of the company's overseas components, especially in the United States, with further improvements in the overseas component delivery structure and further gains in profitability expected after the expected overseas capacity reaches the post-partum stage.
Silicon sets up long-term orders to guarantee the supply of raw materials and future profits: on the one hand, the company is expanding production speeds, silicon production capacity is growing rapidly, and demand for silicon materials continues to grow; on the other hand, the limited production capacity of silicon will be a constraint on the entire chain for the next 1-1.5 years.
The silicon long list, on the one hand, guarantees stable production of raw materials, on the other hand, guarantees future earnings, and also highlights the public leadership. Integration is well-developed, and companies are very profitable: we measure that at current prices, three links (silicon)
The Māori rate for Sílán, Batteries, Components is about 22%, which is more than the Mäláría rate for two-chain (cells, components) integration, which is 15%, which is much higher than the Märía rate for single-component integration, which is about 4%. The ratio of silicons, batteries, and components is about 0.9:0:1 in 20 years, which is extremely high for each component.
Large-scale production can release optimized production structures and guarantee delivery & high-profit growth! The company is expected to deliver around 5.5gw in the first half of the year and nearly double the ring in the second half of the year.
The company's new extension capacity is 210 & 182 large dimensions, battery end: o3 Nin3 3.6 gw, q4 U5gw large dimensions, assembly end: q3/4 5gw and Yang County: 4gw, 21q1 2 5gw, and is expected to be about 75% (210 & 182) by the end of 20 years.
The 182 component delivered about 20 per cent of the total, bringing about a brighter performance in the second half of the year.
Industry, benefiting from downstream demand growth & component market concentration continues to increase & large-scale configuration is optimized, low-valued and high-growth, Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory board