There's a huge increase in overseas exports, a large silicon that will help grow in the future, a stable overseas market, and equity incentives that will help grow in the future.
Although there is still no significant improvement in the overseas epidemic, the overseas component still has 391gw and the overseas group is worth hundreds of millions. During the reporting period, the company completed the first award of stock options and restricted shares.
Corporate strategy for firm vertical integration, with the second-largest stocking of its components in the world by 2019. To further consolidate its flagship position and exploit the advantages of integration, the company is now further expanding its capacity: the crystal link, the new song, the unit's trend compared to the depth of 300.
2gw, package 2.6gw project was successfully put into production; the battery chain, the company prefers workshop 3.6gw high-efficiency battery upgrade project, and the component link, the new fertilizer 1.5gw, the 4gw project in Yangzhou, is being put into production. The company's 10gw battery and 10gw component project, including 5gw batteries and 10gw units in the fund-raising project, was invested in Yeu.
In addition, the company has invested in the construction of the 300mw light-voltage Internet access project in the city of Yooyang, Liaoning Province, which is scheduled to begin with the first generation of grid-connected electricity by the end of the year. The company is following the changes in the market, expanding its productive capacity in an orderly manner, and the city’s share is expected to rise further in the future.
In the future, light-voltage demand will expand, and companies will move into the era of large silicons, where they focus on technological innovation with an average conversion efficiency of 22.90% of the volume battery, at the top of the industry. Given the promotion of the 182mm silicon in 2021, the company has introduced a blue-deep super-power component based on the 182 mm silicon.
According to the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA), the global share of solar power generation is projected to rise to 20% in 2040 and 25% in 2050. Companies’ profitability is expected to increase even further in the case of increasingly settled extension projects.
The reference cs power supply plate currently averages 46 times the level of ape, combined with the advantages of vertical integration of companies, can be developed in the future, covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. The pace of delivery is not as high as expected, the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials, and downstream demand is not as high as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.