Crystal Australasia (002459), IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment, Crystal Australasia (002459), which reported performance ratings - high growth in performance and orderly expansion of efficient output
In the first quarter of 2020, a new domestic coronary outbreak began and was rapidly detected in various countries around the world, with significant adverse effects on many industries, and companies strictly enforced government control policies and applied scientific controls to ensure the survival of all employees.
As the situation improves, the company insists on fighting the epidemic, protecting its workers from the disease, keeping the company operational while doing everything possible to prevent the disease, keeping the company operational, and making scientific arrangements for the resumption of work in order to provide a strong boost to the growth of its performance during the reporting period.
Within the total stock/flow (millions of shares), the company’s components deliver 5.46gw. Of this, the overseas component delivers 3.91gw, the overseas power station is expanded to promote affordable access to the Internet.
In the reporting period, the company's photovoltaic (002459) reported performance ratings.
In order to further expand the rapid growth in public performance and the level of profitability of the output, the scale of the construction of the photovoltaic station was considered and adopted by the company's fifth board of directors at its sixth meeting.
Promotion - 2020/07/14 Investment in 300mw photo-voltaic flat-priced Internet access project in the Yang County, Liaoning Province.
Construction is planned and the first grid-connected power generation is expected by the end of the year. (002459) Annual Report Review - Component Outing, Global Second, Performance Growth Bright.
During the reporting period, companies followed the changes in the market, led by technological innovation, to produce more efficiently, in an orderly manner, and further developed the advantages of vertical integration, enhancing quality and cost control.
The first 2.6gw project was successfully put into production; the battery chain, where the company would prefer to move ahead with the 3.6gw high-efficiency battery upgrade project at the Sanzo IV workshop; and the component link, where the new fertilizer-combined 1.5gw and 4gw items in Yangzhou were added to production.
These include the 5gw battery and 10gw components of the fund-raising project, which is currently proceeding as planned.
Investment proposals: The firm's deep-farming industry, its strong brand, its successful overseas business expansion, continued optimization of its production structure, and its growing efficiency gains are expected to contribute to the company's further development.
Crystal Austrotechnics (002459) - high performance growth, high efficiency and orderly expansion of production capacity, crystal Austrotechnics (002459), high performance growth, high efficiency and orderly expansion of production capacity
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.