In the first half of 2020, the company achieved total operating income.
O2 performance grew at a high rate and was less affected by the overseas epidemic than expected. o2 companies achieved operating income of $6,293 billion in 2020, 29 per cent more than in the same year and 37 per cent more in the ring; net profits of $415 million increased by 35 per cent and 45 per cent in the same year.
In the context of the spread of the overseas epidemic and the gradual resumption of domestic work, corporate q2 performance has remained high, highlighting the size, cost, and global advantages of the company’s photovoltaic integration pole.
In the first half of the year, the company component generated operating income of $9,741 million, a year-on-year increase.
21.35%. The output of the company component reached 5.46gw, the fourth highest in the pvinfolink statistics, with a business Māori rate of 24.31%, an increase of 4.44 percentage points from the previous year, mainly due to the decline in upstream material prices in the first half of the year and the gradual increase in vertical integration advantages of the company.
1.78/w, higher than the industry average of 0.43 kW, which is significantly higher than the rate of Māori in off-water operations throughout the year 2019 (6 percentage points) and contributes to the company’s main performance. The Department expects the component to deliver 15gw and is expected to increase to over 18gw in 2021.
The company has built vertically integrated industrial chains, including crystallized silicon rods (silicon)/silicon silicon (multi-crystal), silicon, batteries and components, power station operations, etc.
In the first half of 2020, firms expanded their productive capacity in an orderly and efficient manner, making further use of vertically integrated advantages.
Battery links, where the company prefers to move ahead with the 3.6gw high-efficiency battery upgrade project at the Trinity IV workshop in an orderly manner; cluster links, where the new fertilizer 1.5gw and the 4gw project in Yangzhou are being built.
Battery and 10gw components, which are currently on schedule. It is expected that by the end of 2020, the capacity of the company ' s components will be around 20gw, and that the production of silicon and battery links will reach the capacity of the components in billions of yuan, mainly into the 5gw battery and 10gw components project (3.7 billion) per year and supplementary flows.
We maintain a corporate “growth” rating. Corporate capacity release is not as fast as expected, the photovoltaic sector is in demand, the international trade situation is far away from Sunk.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.