China PV (002179), F-FDTL, model of successful civil-military integration, integrated interlocking resolution specialists
The development of the defence information system has accelerated, and the market for military connectors is vast. The information weapons are usually equipped with sophisticated electronic systems, the military connectors must be able to adapt to complex and demanding work, environmental conditions, and an increased intelification of weapons will lead to a high-quality and stable military presence.
The company, as the leader of the military connector, is in the fields of aviation, space, weapons, ships, electronics, command systems, nuclear industry, etc. The company is now moving from a single product of electronic components to an integrated product of relative value.
With a positive layout for the 5-g era, communications are getting closer and closer. Communications accounts for more than 50% of the company’s income, and the main clients include Naking, Hwa, Samsung, Ericsson, etc.
Core suppliers of line-based stations and data centre equipment. The company won the "Industrial Power Base Workers ' Total Equity/Change (Billions) Process" 56gbps high-speed connector project, 5g mobile communications, supercomputers, etc.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) of the key components necessary for the development of technology and data network technology.
With the construction peak of 5g, China’s PV communications operations may be at a turning point. Taking advantage of new energy vehicle development opportunities, technological advantages ensure industry leadership.
Automobiles account for about 30 to 40 per cent of the company's private income, mainly driving new energy cars.
The new energy and electric cabling lines are now being industrialized.
The orbital transport industry continues to have a high profile, and the beneficiary train’s domestic production rate has increased. With the increase in the number of rail miles and the domestic production of high-iron cars, the demand for components, such as upstream connections, will increase.
The company works closely with the country’s geotechnical manufacturers and related auxiliaries, the photovoltaic connection product has become a whole industry chain, and the rail signal system accounts for 70% of the country’s market. Shen Yanghua, a holding subsidiary, has accumulated more as a leading company for domestic orbital transport connections.
The new business is structured to create new growth points for profit. Companies focus on the development of new technology industry bases and photovoltaic industry bases through the issuance of fungible bonds.
These new operations will be configured in such a way as to facilitate the transformation of the company’s military technology into civilian technology and gradually form a new performance growth point.
Examples of successful civil-military integration, integrated interconnection resolution specialists billions, 1,203 million yuan, 1,402 million yuan, pss $1.29, 1.52 dollars, $177 dollars, successful civil-military integration, integrated interconnection resolution specialists
I. The development of civil-military integration has been remarkable, with the emergence of a leading industry in the form of competition from the market. China ' s PV is affiliated with the China-China Industrial Group. It is a high-tech enterprise specializing in the development of medium- and high-end light, electricity and fluid connection technologies and equipment, providing interconnecting technological solutions in the field of military defence and high-end manufacturing.
In 1991, after moving to the city of Loyang, the name was changed to “Liaoyang Aviation Electrical Plant”. In 2002, the company completed its share system reform, which was introduced into the first episode of the original Chinese air industry.
In November 2007, the company became the first military-industrial company in the country to be listed as a whole.
At present, China Air Industries holds 42.82% of the company's shares through the China Air and Air Research Institute (02357.hk). As the real controller of China Air Photoelectrics, China Air Industry has brought to the company a wealth of technology, talent, channels, etc., and has played a crucial role in the process of the development of China Air Photoelectrics into the connector pipeline.
In China ' s e-components 100% business list in 2016, China has been ranked second in the connector industry, with a leading position. Figure 2: Corporate equity structure
Since its listing, the company has continued to promote the integration of its parent subsidiaries, expanding its product lines and business layouts through the creation and acquisition of subsidiaries, and currently owns six holding or participating companies, namely Shen Yanghua, China Navigation, China Air, Fushda, PVX, China Shipping, etc.
A successful model of civil-military integration, integrated interconnection resolution specialists, insulation rings, and ceramics of the oxidized structure,
Consumer-type connector electronics. The extension of the industrial chain by firms through extended M&As has been effective in increasing the volume and market size of connector products, and overall competition is increasing.
(ii) Military start-ups build strong military assets, and civilian extension achievements are performed by the White Horse Company, whose products include, inter alia, light, electro-connection units and components, cable components, system interconnection equipment, fluids and equipment, and develop autonomously over 300 series of connectors, over 300,000 varieties, and produce various high-end companies each year
Nearly 50 million products are used mainly in aerospace and military fields, communications networks and data transmission, new energy vehicles, orbital traffic, consumer electronics, industry, energy, medical equipment, smart equipment, etc. Civilian high-end manufacturing.
A successful model of civil-military integration, an integrated interconnection resolution specialist, as a standard-setter in the industry, the company has now accumulated more than 2,000 authorized patents, and more than 200 industry standards have been approved and issued in the field of national military signs, navigational buoys and overalls.
A high market position, with military holdings accounting for about 55-60% of the company’s total operating income. On a military-based basis, the company adheres to a military-military integration development strategy, participates fully in market competition, communications, new energy vehicles, and tracks.
Figure 16: PV revenue structure in mid-2017. On 18 January 2017, the company reached a total of 266 senior managers, middle managers, core technicians, etc.
Incentives were awarded to a restricted stock of 5.9572 million shares, representing 0.98887 per cent of the total stock of the companies awarded to the day, a successful model of civil-military integration, and an integrated interconnection resolution specialist, measured on the basis of a three-year compound growth rate of at least 15.00 per cent of the business income of the equity incentive scheme.
It was argued that PV in China, through the implementation of the equity incentive scheme, would help to fully motivate management and key staff to benefit the medium- and long-term development of the company. Second, the industry landscape drives performance growth, with multiple layouts opening up the space for future growth.
With the transfer of factories and production activities from North America and Europe to the Asia-Pacific region, and the rise of consumer electronics, mobile equipment, and automobiles in Asia and the Pacific, China has gradually become one of the most important markets for global connectors. In 2016, China’s connection market was about $16.5 billion, accounting for more than 30% of the global market, well above the economically advanced Europe.
In the future, the scale of our connection market will remain high, according to bishopassociates, with domestic connections expected to reach $17,994 million in 2018 and a compounded outlook for 2015-2020. The product of PV in China is positioned as a military connection and a high-end civil market, which accounts for some of the overall connection market.
A successful model of civil-military integration, an integrated interconnection solution specialist Accelerating progress in the development of defence information, a wide market space for military connectors, also known as special connectors, for use in military engineering equipment, and military weapons
Electronic systems of equipment and space use, especially between components and components, components and cabinets, systems and subsystems, play an important role in electrical connection and signal transmission and can be applied in a number of military and industrial fields, such as aviation, space, weapons, ships, electronics, command systems, nuclear industry, etc.
Of all the electrical connectors that make up the military equipment system, as long as any single connection in any one of the electrical connectors fails, it can lead to paralysis, failure and major accidents throughout the system. Thus, the military connectors are not identical to the civilian connectors and other connectors, and they have to adapt to complex working conditions and complexity.
Reliable work in a military environment, usually requiring: (-55°C ~ 125°C or even -65°C ~ 200°C) a wider work temperature range to accommodate various military environments resistant to corrosion, humidity, high impact and vibration, high-temperature transition, low pressure, insulation material vacuum
(b) Low and stable exposure resistance and low voltage to the bobbi to ensure that the telecommunications do not interrupt;
Examples of successful civil-military integration, integrated interconnection resolution specialists These are shown in the following graphs as part of the entire area of electrical connectors or interconnected cable beam components used on drones. Using small, light electrical connectors that meet high performance standards, they can ensure the reliability and safety of drones.
The size and quality of the electrical connectors need to be reduced because of the limited number of drone loads and the long-term hovering over the target area. Interconnection systems also require long-term durability, condensation and corrosion resistance, and resistance to the vibrations caused by the induction and possible weapon vibrations.
A successful example of civil-military integration, an integrated interconnection resolution specialist Chart 24: Unmanned Subsystems and Electronic Equipment Selection of Electrical Connector Locations
And the solution is that the company has 300 series and 300,000 variety of military goods in the fields of aviation, space, armaments, ships, electronics, chain of command, nuclear industry, etc. At the same time, the company is gradually moving from electronics to integrated products, which are beginning to bear fruit, and continues to be directed towards military aircraft (including new types of military aircraft, for example).
New types of fighter jets, helicopters, large transport aircraft, drones, etc.) and general purpose aircraft, such as integrated equipment cabinets, telecom transmissions, 1394b bus transmissions, systems interconnected cable components, etc., for aircraft with wings ii, c919, pilot 150, ag600, etc., are continuously being transferred from a single supplier of connectors.
The company ' s growth space will be further expanded as a result of the significant increase in the value of the integrated product relative to the connector monolith. In December 2011, the company passed an audit of the initial capacity of the c919 major passenger aircraft suppliers to design and manufacture.
The company officially became one of the major domestic passenger aircraft support units and is currently the only provider of connection products. China Light provided c919 with an integrated set of nine items of electronic equipment and an aircraft for Chinese commercial flights.
Technical services such as setting, installation and porting of the on-board passenger wis system and construction of the ground three-bird pilot platform combine several innovative combinations of equipment to secure the safe and stable operation of a high-precision cooling wind flow control system on board the electronics. The area of company product applications will be further expanded to allow companies to enter the global civil aviation manufacturing chain.
On December 24, 2017, our autonomously designed and developed land-cum-sea aircraft, Xialong-600 (agg600), successfully flew at the head of the Pearl Sea. Ag600 filled our gap in the development of large-scale amphibious aircraft, with 98 per cent of the building blocks and system parts on board being supplied by domestic suppliers, which will give full impetus to the development of the relevant upstream and downstream industries in the country.
China Photovoltaic provided the Ag600 aircraft with an integrated solution of 80% or more of the aircraft's on-board equipment, using 14 integrated products such as cockpit equipment cabinets, hatch equipment cabinets, etc., capable of bringing together systems such as full flight control, hydraulic pressure, communications guidance, instructional records, and operations.
The provider of the Testing Program, China Photovoltaics, fully applying automated detection tools to the full-air electrical circuit interconnection system, has laid a solid foundation for ag600 total unwieldy and full-machine power transmission. The major national science and technology-specific topic, formerly carried out by China Photovoltaics, is "Cap Series special nuclear-grade cables and
The advanced study of the cable connector component development, which entered the prototype test phase, marked the third generation of nuclear power connections and the nationalization of the technology. The nuclear connection of China's PV was concentrated in the core part of the nuclear power plant — inside the safety shell — and served as a signal and power transmission, marking the acquisition of the company's core technology.
In a major breakthrough, the company will build domestic nuclear power interconnection technology and industrial centres, strengthen the company, enhance the information-based weapons equipment, usually with sophisticated electronic systems, with more than 4500 electrical connectors used by a modern stunner, and more than 500 electric connectors of all kinds used by the ship's propulsion pods and power systems alone, as well as with national defence.
The acceleration of the informationization process will open wide market space for the company’s military connector products. (ii) The dynamic layout is approaching the 5g era, with communications turning points approaching.
The pace of business growth slowed down in 2015 and, with the construction peak of 5g, PV communications operations in China will either meet the successful model of civil-military integration and integrate interconnectivity resolution specialists
Wireless distribution base station solution Data centre interconnection solution Communications operations account for more than 50 per cent of the company's revenue from civilian business, with major clients including Naking, Hwa, Samsung,
Core suppliers of wireless base stations, such as Ericsson, and data centre equipment.
The construction of 4g has now reached its peak, while the construction of 5g has not yet broken out, in order to avoid the cyclical risks that the telecommunications industry poses to the public sector, companies have intensified their efforts to develop new products. So far, the technology developed by companies has reached the forefront of the international frontier, the sixth-generation high-speed backboard connectors represent the highest levels in the country, and the company’s high-speed transmission product is positive.
In 2016, the company marked the "Industrial Power Base Works 2016" 56gbps high-speed connector project, receiving State-supported funding of $46.2 million. The 56gbps high-speed connector is the most efficient transmission device for high-speed interconnectivity systems.
A successful model of civil-military integration, an integrated interconnection resolution specialist A critical mass of equipment, such as data network areas, wireless communications, military computers, etc., is essential for the development of advanced communications technology and data network technology, such as 5g mobile communications, supercomputers.
The second and first supplier in the country to have a high-speed interconnection solution with a 56gbps high-speed connection.
Name of bidder: Planning Department, Ministry of Industry and Informatics
Project name: Industrial Power Base Works 2016 bid date: 13 May 2016
Package 1: High-energy x-ray tube components for medical ct machines Second: Kunsan Power Vacuum Electrical Co. Ltd.
1st place: China PVS Ltd. 2nd name: Sichuan Hua Fung Enterprises Group Ltd. 3rd name: Guizhou Space Electrical Co. Ltd.
The country's mobile communications technology has now gone through four stages of development. The first generation (1g) communications technology, via analogue transmission, has low speed and poor quality, and can only communicate with voice; the second generation (2g) communications technology has increased the function of receiving data with more intensive technological structures and the use of intelligent technology; the third generation (3g) is moving.
Communication standards were officially introduced in 2008, with the submission of td-scdma by China becoming an international standard, followed by a rapid wave of global and 20 per cent wireless markets: fourth generation (4g) mobile communication technologies were presented on a 3g basis, 4g series 3g was integrated with wlan, capable of downloading at a speed of over 100 mps and of rapidly transmitting data, high quality
Volume, audio, video, images, etc.. The fifth generation (5g) is an extension after 4g. It was officially launched in 2013 and is currently under study, with the theoretical downtime of the 5g network at 10gb/s, with significant improvements in user experience, transmission delay, system security and coverage performance compared to the fourth generation of communications technology.
China launched the 3g technology research and development experiment in 2001 and the 4g technology research and development experiment in 2008. In 2012, the Minister of State for Industry and Information Technology said that the 4g era was coming and the license plate was about to be issued. On 4 December 2013, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued 4g plates to China ' s three major telecommunications operators for mobile, connected and telecommunications, marking the 4g era in China.
After that, the country’s telecommunications industry has reached a peak, with the production of lte-based fibre-optics, network systems, and 4g base stations, which have stimulated the growth in the performance of relevant upstream parts and components manufacturers, as well as downstream operators. Nearly six years after the first four-g commercial networks were established, 4g has also become commercial in scale worldwide.
In January of that year, the 5g technology test was launched, and in order to ensure the smooth running of the experiment, the imt-2020 (5g) propulsion team built a 5g field in 30 stations in Huairou, Beijing.
The Ministry of Information and Communications published the Development Plan for the Information and Communication Industry (2016-2020) which explicitly states that 5g will be officially commercialized in 2020. From 2016 to 2018, our basic 5g R & D test will be divided into three phases, and after the completion of phase 2 of the 5g test, the third phase of the test will be launched by the end of 2017 or early 2018; according to projections,
The first standard version of 5g will be completed in June 2018, the full version will be completed, or September 2019, and it is expected that large-scale commercialization will be achieved by 2020, with the full benefits of PV communications operations in China. (iii) Taking advantage of new energy vehicle development opportunities and technological advantages to ensure industry leadership
As a result of a series of intensive incentives introduced by the country, the volume of new-energy cars has increased in recent years in an explosive fashion. In 2017, the volume of new-energy cars in the country reached 794,000 and 777,000, respectively, an increase of 53.8 per cent and 53.3 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year, with an increase of 2.1 and 0.3 percentage points, respectively, in the volume of new-energy cars.
The sale of electric motor vehicles was completed for 478,000 and 468,000 vehicles, respectively, representing an increase of 81.7 per cent and 82.1 per cent, respectively, respectively, and the distribution of the combined power-in-placing vehicles for 114,000 and 111,000, respectively, representing an increase of 40.3 per cent and 39.4 per cent, respectively, respectively, for commercial vehicles, respectively, for 188,000 and 184,000 vehicles, respectively, respectively, representing an increase of 22.2 per cent.
and 21.5 per cent; sales of mixed power in plug-in commercial vehicles were completed for 14,000, a decrease of 24.9 per cent and 26.6 per cent, respectively, respectively, as indicated in the State Council ' s Development Plan for the Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Industry (2012-2020), which states that by 2015, the cumulative production of pure electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid vehicles is expected to reach 500,000.
Our future development plan for the electric automobile industry is clearly set out in 2025, whereby by 2020, autonomous branded electric vehicles will have sold over 1 million vehicles annually, accounting for over 70 per cent of the domestic market; by 2025, key systems, such as power cells and power-driven motors, will have reached an internationally advanced level of 80 per cent of the domestic market;
In 2025, power cells, power-driven power generators, etc., will be exported in bulk. Future new-energy cars will be mixed in global demand, power-plugged hybrids, and pure electric vehicles will all be based on high voltage high currents.
500 amber currents, which are very important for safety, require very high quality and performance of all parts of cars, and connectors play an important role in the quality assurance of the entire new energy vehicle and recharge facility. The main applications of the high-voltage connectors in the new car connectors are: dc, water heat ptc chargers, wind heat ptc,
Direct current charger, power, high voltage beams, maintenance switches, inverters, power cells, high voltage boxes, electrostatic empty .distributednetworldtechitectures
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm the only one who's gonna be here, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In 2014, in order to adapt to the development of new energy vehicles in the country, the U.S. has been able to develop a new technology that is based on high-voltage-resistant, high-voltage connectors.
China PV set up the New Energy Motors Department. The new power-driven liquid-cold charge solution for cars was technologically destroyed, creating the company’s leading position in the field of high-power recharge. The company developed ct34e, ct34t, dy3 by learning from well-known car manufacturers in Biadi, Chir, Jiang Huai, Chang An, Congtai, Woo-Tong, etc.
Products such as bpc, direct charge guns and plugs, which were quickly supplied to samples from major car plants through a company-developed marketing network, sounded the horn of the Chinese PV connector entering the new energy car field. The company’s new energy motors department has been increasing its research base, with more than 30 patent applications in electric cars, developing a new generation of rc, mpcl,
The company has developed a State-guided charge gun, a charge plug, which has been tested by the National Inspection Department, and has obtained a mandatory test report.
Figure 37: Examples of new energy car connector applications Companies provide power-driven system interconnection programmes, high-voltage system interconnection programmes, power-filling systems interconnection programmes and signal system interconnection programmes for new energy vehicles, involving products such as big current connectors, signal connectors, etc.
The company’s new energy automobile business currently accounts for about 30-40% of the company’s private goods, and in the future the company will continue to use the new energy car connection product as an important strategic direction for the company’s development. A successful model of civil-military integration, an integrated interconnection resolution specialist, will be used as an important strategy for the company’s development.
In 2010, the company joined the Commission for the Standardization of Electric Motors and began to participate in the standard system for our high-voltage car connection. New orders for the new energy car connectors reached $460 million in 2015, growing second in just one year.
By the end of 2016, the company’s new energy and electric cabling projects had been fully industrialized, reaching their intended availability, benefiting from related policy support, and the company’s new energy business would be expanded further. In addition, the company was actively targeting international customers for global markets.
On the other hand, it provides products and services to branches established by foreign enterprises in our country and seeks to develop them together in order to meet the needs of its clients to the greatest extent possible, for example, by providing services to branches established by the general public in the country. On the other hand, it expands its customers abroad by moving out of the country, and in 2017 it established a branch in Germany, which is now building up.
The objective of the firm is to create a market for new European energy cars, because Europe is one of the most important geographical nodes in the world for the automobile industry. The branch of China-based photovoltaics in Germany is expected to become a breakthrough for overseas markets in the future.
The country’s orbital transport industry is gaining significant development opportunities. In June 2016, the National Development Reform Commission (NDRC) submitted its report.
The Ministry of Communications and Transport has published a three-year action plan for the construction of major transport infrastructure, which proposes a return of trillion yuan for the period 2016-2018, focusing on the improvement of the rapid transport network, the basic transport network, and the inter-city urban transport network. According to the 13th Five-Year Plan, the country's railway network will reach 174,000 km by 2020 and the high-speed rail network 38,000 km by 2020.
By 2030, our railway will be around 200,000 kilometres, of which about 45,000 are high-speed railways, and by 2030 it will have invested more than 8 trillion dollars in total. By 2020, it will be about 8,000 kilometres, covering 98 per cent of nodal cities and nearly 60 per cent of counties.
According to the urban orbital transport industry statistics report 2017 issued by the Chinese Urban Transport Association, investment in urban orbital transport construction was 476.2 billion yuan in mid-2017, 6246 kilometres in length of line construction, and a total investment of 387.56 billion yuan in ongoing projects. As of the end of 2017, 62 cities had planned urban orbital transport networks.
In total, 7321 km of planning lines were approved (including 18 municipalities with local government approval). In total, 34 cities in China and China (excluding the Hong Kong and Abota region) opened urban orbital traffic and were operational, with 165 lines and 5033 km of operating lines. Of these, 3884 km of subway, or 77.2%, were long, and other urban orbital lines were long.
Approximately 1149 kilometres, or 22.8 per cent, were covered by 32 additional operational lines in 2017, representing an increase of 24.1 per cent in the same year; 880 kilometres, or a 21.2 per cent increase in the same year, resulted in a cumulative increase of 18.5 billion passengers, or 14.9 per cent. The number of cities with 2 or more operational lines has increased to 26, accounting for 76.5 per cent of the cities that have opened urban routes.
The value of the trajectories is about 1.2-1.5 per cent of the total vehicle value, and our railway passenger-car connections are now home-grown at 80-90 per cent, railway-car connections at 50-60 per cent, urban-orbit vehicle connections at 10 per cent, orbital-traffic connections at 10 per cent. As the country ' s orbital transport industry invests more and more, the trajectories are becoming more efficient.
The mileage will continue to rise, while the increase in the domestic production rate of high-calored cars will lead to an increase in the demand for components such as upstream home-grown connectors, and import substitution will continue to accelerate. There are currently eight categories of products for urban orbital transport, and the solutions offered for orbital transport include the interconnectivity of rolling stock programmes and railway letters.
A successful model of civil-military integration, the Integrated Interconnection Solutions Specialist, the main products of which are railway circles, rectangular electric connectors, etc. China PV works closely with various earth-made manufacturers and related accompaniors in the country, PV products
A whole industry chain has been formed, and railway signalling systems account for 70% of the country's market share. Electric connectors provided by companies for electrical systems are used on lines 10 and 2 of Qingdao, 7 and 10; speed, temperature sensor connectors and turn-on wires are provided to the system for use on lines 16 and 2 of Shenzhen in Beijing,
Lines 5, 9 and storage power connectors, fibre-optic connectors, etc., provided for towed and reversible systems, applied to Shenzhen 7, 9, Shanghai 9, Urumqi 1, etc. In April 2016, the company successfully won the winning bid for the Long Spring Orbital Bus Company Ltd.
Project. In 2017, a fully autonomous Chinese standard-motivator group with world-class intellectual property rights - the “Sing back” - was launched at the top of the high-speed system in Kyoto, and its passenger information system and multi-model cable components, which are equipped with a vehicle-based control system, were successfully integrated with Chinese civil-military integration models and integrated into interconnected resolution specialists.
Currently, the company is producing from a single connector, cable component to complete system integration, interconnectivity, etc. Equipment such as ato machine cabinet (automated driver cabinet), cc machine cabinet (car controller cabinet), under-pressure switch boxes, high-pressure breaker boxes, etc., developed jointly with the client, has been used on multiple lines and will be transformed into integrated high-value-added products.
The company’s holding subsidiary, Shen Yanghua, is a leading company in the domestic orbital transport connection, and the products that Shen Yang Hinghua uses for transhipment include, inter alia, secondary power sources for moving vehicles, cross-wire cables at the end of the orbital transport vehicle, and have accumulated technology for many years.
In October 2017, the company announced its intention to raise funds through the issuance of convertable corporate bonds.
Gold will be used for the company ' s new technology industrial base project and the photovoltaic industrial base project to scale up production of related products, focusing on the production of high technology content, high value added liquid cold products, photovoltaic and photovoltaic equipment products, high-speed backboard and vpx system products, new energy electric automobile electronics, etc.
In recent years, with rapid developments in the field of defence, such as aviation, space, ships, weapons, etc., the integration of military weapons and equipment has increased and the heat power of electronic equipment has increased dramatically, with high concentration of evaporation and electronic installations.
By 10 years, liquid cooling will be the main way of evaporating heat from high-heating electronic equipment. The current domestic idc (Internet data centre) hangars are mainly based on wind cooling, which is expected to become widely available in the construction of idc in the future with consideration for energy conservation, environmental protection, cost reduction, performance improvement, etc.
Research agency idc data show that the size of the country ' s idc market in 2015 was 51.8 billion yuan, an increase of 39.30 per cent over the same period, that the PV-produced liquid cold connectors are now being used by several well-known idc operators and that the public sector ' s products have a greater cost advantage than overseas producers, and that, with the construction of a new technology industry base, the liquid cold connectors for PV in China have been built.
High-speed backboards, information age electronics require high-performance, high-speed and lightly miniaturized, high-speed backboards are now high-end power.
With the development of computer technology, the volume of data has increased dramatically, with high-speed backboarding costs rising to $27.123 billion, with annual compound growth rates of 7.65 per cent, well above the global overall growth rate of 1.47 per cent.
Its estimated investment on the 4g network is estimated at $117.0 billion a year, with a total increase of about 53.85%. The high-speed backboard connector is an important representative product used to connect and transmit high-speed signals between the data centre backboard and the plate, and it is expected that there will be much room for growth in the future.
Examples of successful civil-military integration, integrated interconnection resolution specialists vpx electrical systems, fire control radar command and control systems, image and sonar processing systems, aeronautics and defence systems, large
For example, a new generation (vpx architecture system) of a new generation of radio and flight control systems is being upgraded by a military communications unit.
As the Vpx standard is widely applied in the area of public goods, the demand and output of the PVvpx platform products is expected to increase significantly. Investment in these new projects will facilitate the transformation of the company’s military technology into civilian technology and the promotion of company connectors.
Business transformation upgrades to meet the demand for high-end products in the civil and military fields, gradually forming new performance growth points for companies. Companies, as military connectors, will benefit fully in the future from accelerated progress in the development of national defence information, and high-profile industries such as 5g communications, new energy vehicles, orbital transport are expected to drive sustained growth in civilian operations, liquid cooling and high-speed.
New areas such as backboards will create more profitable growth points. We believe that the company’s operating income will be protected over the next three years, based on China’s main business and product structure, we have chosen space appliances, wiring electronics, smart telecommunications, Ingae appliances, electricity company technologies as comparable companies.
The industry average, pe, pb, is lower than the industry average, and has a more pronounced valuation advantage. A successful model of civil-military integration, with the integration of interlocking settlement experts, has fallen short of expectations of orders for military goods, the new energy vehicle industry has lost its profile, and new business expansion has fallen short of expectations.
A successful example of civil-military integration, an integrated interconnection resolution specialist, the Academy, North South Avenue 9th in Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.