The vertical layout of the industrial chain has grown into an integrated giant with non-ferrous metals/other rare small metals - the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh)
The company completes vertically integrated layouts with a real, complete life-week upstream of lithium batteries \triangleright name: Cao Xut
Lithium positive materials represent a very high proportion of the cost through comparable business operations data. Given the limited downstream bargaining capacity of firms in the plate \triangleright, lithium positive materials are currently comparable to economies of scale.
This control is the lifeline of the enterprise, so the ultimate competition is in the control of the end of the resource;
By creating resource barriers through recycling of key metals from used batteries, integrated industry layouts can magnify Māori at various levels, hopefully leading the industry by reshaping existing competitive patterns. The copper and cobalt taps are transformed into a lithium power giant, and industrial chain integration is successful.
The successful transformation of enterprises as “leaders of the new global energy lithium-emitting materials” has resulted in a life-cycle closed chain of industries from copper, cobalt, nickel and lithium resources, smelting of cobalt-cobalt nickel materials to tri-dollar drivers, ortho-material manufacturing to lithium-cell ladders, and ultimately to reclamation, which has resulted in a truly complete upper life-cycle chain of lithium batteries.
Cobalt and Cobalt business plate mooring profits, and the core support of the company’s business. For many years, the company's deep cultivation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has led to the creation of a resource guarantee system backed by its own mines, supplemented by local mining and mining company purchases, which together controls 580,000 tons of copper metal and 70,000 tons of cobalt metal. The company’s copper and cobalt smelting energy space
A reasonable distribution, with some gaps in future copper and cobalt supply and demand, is expected to keep copper and cobalt prices high, and the profits from copper and cobalt operations will remain stable to support the company’s core business. With a strong technological resource support capacity around the Indonesian Redsoil nickel scheme, the project progresses steadily.
With its own technological reserves and resource security capabilities, the cooperative projects are on track and are expected to grow robustly in 2020.
The new energy lithium material plate is the company’s core force point for the future. The company’s pre-thirties drive is now in the country’s first line of operations, and the city’s share is increasing, with a planned production capacity of 500,000 tons per year in 2025.
There is a strong “arms race” in the internal production of the plate, there may be a future “price war” where the company's integration advantages can smooth the price of raw materials, cost controls are strong, and profit margins are more secure. Lithium power operations will continue to drive over the next three years as the production capacity is released.
Performance forecast: 2021, thanks to higher copper and cobalt prices, high corporate performance was determined, with copper and cobalt contributing majors 1. Industrial chain vertically integrated layout successful 1.1 strategic positioning shift
In 2002, after nearly 20 years of development, the company completed the deployment of its headquarters abroad, its resources and its manufacturing base in China and its markets around the world, forming three major operational panels: resource, color, and new energy.
Corporate development is broadly divided into two main periods, with 2015 being the dividing line for the strategic transformation of the enterprise: until 2015, the company was committed to becoming a “global leader in the cobalt industry”, at a time when all of its development strategies were based on:
After 2015, the company's strategic focus shifted to “leaders of the new global energy lithium electric material” and, while maintaining the advantages of cobalt resources and smelting, the company developed a vertically integrated layout of lithium electrical material.
The company's business has been extended through sustained activity in the fields of nickel smelting, pre-drives and positive materials.
Materials are manufactured and then used in lithium battery ladders, and eventually in renewable use (i.e. extraction of cobalt, nickel, lithium regenerative battery material) ... a genuinely complete life-cycle closed chain of lithium batteries. 1.2 Stockholders ' concentration rises.
On 25 June, the Chinese Friends Cobalt Industry (603799) issued a notice of a proposed change in the concentration of the company's second shareholders, the signing of a transfer agreement and control.
After the transfer, the company will no longer hold shares in the company. Chen Xuehua’s share will increase from 0.18% to 6.98%, HWA Ying’s shareholding will remain the same, and the real control will be changed from Chen Xuehua to Xie Wei-Tung Chen :
Prior to that, after Xie Wei-Tung had resigned from the relevant positions in March 2019 as Vice-Chairman, Director, etc., of the listed company, the change of equity would not have a negative impact on the company's decision to operate; Chen Xuehua's agreement to be granted shares to further increase the share in the listed company reflected the newness of the company.
A strong confidence in the future development of the integrated industrial chain of lithium energy materials. 1.3 The financial performance of companies is good, with high performance in 2020 and expected to continue in 2021. In 2020, the company earned $21,187 million.
In 2020, despite the impact of the epidemic, copper and cobalt products and pre-vectorial volume increases increased the performance of the company. During the first half of 2021, the demand for copper and cobalt-related higher prices and downstream lithium electricity materials continued to be strong, with company revenues increasing by 57.9 per cent to the same year.
142.93 billion yuan, representing an increase of 31,991 per cent to 1,468 million yuan in the same year, and six months of reported net profits, the cobalt-copper block business remains the company’s current revenue and profit stabilizer. The trading plate contributed $9,284 million, or 40 per cent of the company’s total.
The contribution of the cobalt and copper industries to the total revenue in 2020 was 23.98% and 14.22%, respectively. Māori has made a significant contribution to integration.
Corporate revenue grew from 134 million yuan to 2,532 million yuan, and gross profits increased from 004 million yuan to 438 million yuan. Figure 5: Trade as a share of corporate revenue.
The Māori ratio of products reached only 11.23 per cent, the lowest level in almost five years. In 2020, it benefited from a substantial increase in the volume of copper and cobalt products, sales and sales of pre-K$3 ex-carried products, the release of pre-K$3 ex-carriage profitability, the increase in Māori share of pre-carriage business from 1.07 per cent to 17.83 per cent in 2016-2020, and the increase in Māori rate from 2.9 per cent in 2016.
The firm has focused heavily on capital market financing, and has shown an overall downward trend in its asset-liability ratios during the period of rapid expansion, demonstrating its ability to operate at the top. To support the vertical layout of the company’s operations, seven years on the market, the Chinese Friends Cobalt industry has gone through nine rounds of financing, amounting to $11,659 million in direct financing and 621.57 in indirect financing through fixed increases, debt payments, etc.
The rapid expansion phase began in 2016, with the company ' s asset structure being optimized to reflect a very high level of operation.
The company has been working deep in the Democratic Republic of the Congo for many years, and it has been able to negotiate. The mine rights of mikas have been replaced by two rounds, and for the first time, CYC has been replaced: because of the lack of reserves required by the contract, HWY has changed the rights to mine No. 4886 from Kasombo deposits to 9714, 9715 from the tailings of Kambove and the rights to mine Nimura.
12094 Mining rights; - Second replacement: Mikas agreed with gecamines to replace a closer vein, considering that the nitura mine was far from the existing industrial facilities in the Kambove tailings mine.
Please transfer the rights of the shonkole mine to mikas, and after many rounds of games, Chinese friends acquired 28% of the non-allowable shares of the gecamines in 2017, completing full control of mikas.
Figure 9: Shortening the distance between the shonkole and Kambove tailings after two rounds of swap, Chinese friends were listed in 2015 at a time when copper prices were low, and the Chinese friend cobalt industry expanded into a countercyclical acquisition of p527 mineral rights. Cdm and gcm signed an agreement in June 2015 to transfer the p527 mining rights to China for $52 million.
Under friendly flags. According to the assessment, p527 mining rights hold 554 million tons of cobalt and 3685 million tons of copper. Pe527 is located near the Luben toll station on the N1 road and is extremely geographically well located. So, the Chinese copper and cobalt business is carried out mainly through the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Mikas and cdm:
5 mining rights (4 mining areas), including 2 mining rights (pe527 mining rights held by cdm, 13120 mining rights held by mikas in the shonkole mine), 2 mining rights (9714 and 9715 mining rights held by mikas in the Kambove tailings), 2 mining rights (9714 and 9715 mining rights held by mikas),
1 item of the right to prospecting (prospecting rights No. 7879 held by cdm) containing a total of 584,000 tons of copper and 704,000 tons of cobalt.
(b) Copper smelting plates: 111,000 tons of smelting capacity, of which cdm 66,000 tons, mikas 30,000 tons and Xiangzhou are currently in Africa where the Chinese-American cobalt industry is being secured by its own mines, with the Democratic Republic of the Congo's local mines, mines and mines.
In addition, the company has established good partnerships with mining enterprises such as Quaker, Enrc, and Dutch Toc, as well as with large traders. There are three procurement points in Lubumbashi, Kolwezi, Likasi, etc. The raw materials procurement system is improving.
Cobalt 2.2 Cobalt: The supply elasticity of supply and demand is highly concentrated at both ends of the supply chain. Cobalt supply is highly concentrated in the distribution of countries and enterprises, while smelting ends are concentrated in China.
The impact on cobalt supply is greater in transit countries due to outbreaks of disturbance, leading enterprises or reduced production of major mines: similarly, at cobalt-consuming terminals batteries account for a larger proportion of cobalt consumption: cobalt is concentrated at both the supply and demand ends, and attention needs to be paid at the supply side to the increase and decrease in production of Congolese fruit dragons and to the movement of cargo in South Africa ' s ports; at the demand side, attention needs to be given to power power power.
(a) Marginal changes in the production of pools, consumer electronics, characteristics of the cobalt industry chain, concentration of reserves: 51 per cent in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, 20 per cent in Australia and 7 per cent in Cuba;
Cobalt cobalt mining: Euro-Asian resources rtr II, KRE mutanda project revival, both of which could contribute to a further tonne increment: China, China, electricity, and other Chinese business projects could contribute 0.3-0.5 million tons. But genadal recovery may not be effective in supporting market supply, mainly because:
It is calculated on the basis of the cobalt supply contracts that Kaal can enter into with the leading companies. ... Even without the undisclosed lig, americano, britishvolt, the supply volume has reached 3.32 million tons, close to the company’s guidance production in 2021. If the supply volume is estimated to reach 472 million tons, the supply gap can only be covered by the company’s inventory.
According to Carina, in mid-2019, the most cost-effective surface oxidation mine in Mutanda will be completed by the end of 2019, and the subsequent recovery will face increased costs of open-air mining to underground mining, on the one hand, and oxidation, on the other hand, uncertainty of process route switching from mine to vulcanized mine, on the other.
Cobalt nickel: Most of the future growth is due to a large number of Indonesian nickel-cobalt wet-water projects, including the Obi, Green Mesoura Wisi, China-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Yo, but a limited overall increase would probably contribute 1 to 20,000 tons. Subtract: As cobalt supply chain management continues to strengthen, it is expected that future hand-jacking supplies will contract and become available globally
The response chain ratio will continue to decline; in addition, some of the cobalt mines have cut-off inspections, which may offset some of the increase. Table 6: Energetic rebirths do not make an effective impact on market supply, but their annual sales are centred around relative fixation, and we estimate that production data have been replaced by sales data.
Cobalt consumption was mainly concentrated in the 3c consumer electronics and trio-power batteries sector. Global consumption of cobalt products increased from 104,000 tons of metal to 140 million tons of metal from 2016 to 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 7.7 per cent, driven mainly by the growth of triple-powered batteries and 3c consumer electronics.
The highest cost of 54.4% of global cobalt consumption is in the second place in power cell consumption of 14.4%. As the global penetration rate of electric cars rises, the 5g e-equipment replacement wave will arrive and the battery plate will remain the main driver of cobalt consumption in the coming years.
The extension of 5g technology will further boost the demand for battery-borne batteries, thereby driving the market demand for cobalt-containing lithium batteries. The next 5g technology will be more widely applied to the interconnection of various types of terminals (mobile phones, cars, panels, wearing equipment, drones, distributed storage, etc.).
The potential for development is enormous, and these end-products will maintain a rapidly growing market demand for lithium battery consumption. Figure 12: Global pc exits on a quarterly basis (millions, per cent) The effect of low-cobalt and zero-cobalt trends in power cells is limited. 2020, affected by “low-cobalt and non-cobalt”ification of battery materials
But we believe that phosphate lithium, with low decay, low-cost, ctp technology, will increase energy density in the future, but the power cell's pursuit of high energy density will eventually mainstream the three-dollar positive material, no.
The medium-to-high-end vehicle will also use more lithium triton batteries. As the production of new energy cars increases, it is expected that the volume of iron phosphate, lithium and high nickel will increase, and that the reduction in the use of a single battery resulting from low cobalt technology will result in a three-dollar battery of tons and a high degree of certainty that the demand for cobalt will grow.
Cobalt supply and demand patterns are so tight that additional supplies will not support strong downstream consumption. With cobalt recovery from power cell growth and alloys, global cobalt demand is expected to reach 149,000 tons in 2021 and 186.5 million tons by 2023. The data show that global cobalt supply and demand patterns are tight over the next two years, allowing existing projects to recover.
On the demand side, the “policy direction” of the global new energy vehicle industry remains the same, with overseas car companies accelerating the production of new energy vehicles.
The Bureau, although the epidemic has had some short-term disturbances in the new energy automobile industry, has not changed the global trend of electricization, which is increasing cobalt consumption as the penetration rate of new energy vehicles rises rapidly;
However, as a result of the commercial model of the new energy automobile industry, the replacement rate for the phosphate lithium batteries may increase if the price of cobalt is too high, which will further curb the rise in the price of cobalt, so we judge that the price of cobalt will in the future be subject to a concussion at a very high scale.
As a result of the epidemic, global copper mineral production in 2020 remained almost the same as in 2019, with many major copper mining projects in 2021 producing close to 1 million tons of new supplies. Copper supply is concentrated, with 19 mining companies producing 13.3 million tons of copper in 2020, accounting for the world ' s total copper production.
Of these, the top 10 mining companies produced 10.4 million tons of copper in 2020, accounting for the total global production of copper.
In 2021, a gradual recovery from last year’s shock, and a gradual increase in copper supply. According to the production guidelines of 19 mining companies, copper production is expected to reach 1,375 million tons in 2021, an increase of 3.42% over the same year.
New expansion projects, such as the second phase of the epidemic, the Congolese Kamoa, the Grasberg underground mine in Indonesia and the recovery of copper mines from last year's outbreak in Peru, tantamina, and cobrepanama in Panama, are expected to provide an increase of more than 1 million tons.
Given that governments around the world have carbon neutralized and time-bound, global clean-up plants will enter the construction phase, with copper in the areas of photovoltaics, wind power, and storage power. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), photovoltaic and land-based wind-loading units consume copper.
With the acceleration of the global era of motor motorization, the growth of new energy vehicles and their accompanies has been strong with copper. 83 kgg/cars are consumed in pure electric vehicles, and the plug-in-mixed copper is consumed, according to the International Copper Study Group (icsg).
The price of copper is influenced by both its financial attributes and its supply and demand fundamentals. Copper prices are negatively related to the dollar index, and next year, the price of copper is determined by the Federal Reserve’s interest cuts next year.
• With the advent of the electric age and the creation of double-carbon targets, new copper demand spaces open, global copper supply and demand gaps are falling, and global copper supply gaps are expected to widen rapidly in 2023.
The mismatch between new needs and resource bottlenecks will support long-term copper prices, and we expect the future copper price hub to hold above $8,500 per ton.
The nickel mine exists mainly in the form of nickel or nickel ore and nickel ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore or nickel ore ore ore ore ore ore or nickel ore ore ore or nickel ore or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel ore or nickel ore or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel ore or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel or nickel
In the early stages of nickel smelting, the global volume of sulfurized nickel was dominated, while the supply of nickel from the red earth was relatively small. The cost advantage of mining nickel from the red earth is driving nickel to become a stainless steel raw material, and the red earth nickel mine is increasingly becoming a pet in the nickel market. In the early stages of nickel development, the production of stainless steel in the market was dominated by electrolytic nickel produced from the sulfide nickel mine.
As a result of the proximity of nickel from the surface of the soil and the low cost of mining, coupled with market demand leading to vulcanization, the availability of the nickel mine has gradually decreased, and the process of producing stainless steel using nickel iron as an alternative to electrolysis has been invented in industry since 2007.
Indonesia’s largest reserves are of concern. In 2019, the share of nickel in the red-earth increased to 64%, and the share of nickel sulfide decreased to 36%, which is now dominant.
On 11 January 2014, the President of Indonesia signed Government Regulation No. 1 of 2014, which explicitly prohibits the export of primary mines, and led to a significant decrease in our imports of nickel from the red-earth in 2014 by 74.11%, and from 2015 to 2016 by 0%. With the ban, Indonesia’s nickel-origin mines could not be exported, but only within Indonesia.
The re-export of products such as nickel and iron, which led to the construction of large-scale nickel processing bases in Indonesia, has also created a more complete chain of nickel processing industries to circumvent export bans. Since 2016, domestic firms have been building factories in Indonesia, and the National Rusty Steel Dragons Qingshan Group has been building in Indonesia.
In Sulawesi Qingshan Park (imip) and North Maluku Latabé Industrial Park (iwip), which use the rich local resources of the red-earth nickel mine to produce iron, the Qingshan group has several projects under way in Indonesia, along with other enterprises such as the Hua-Yo Cobalt industry and Green States.
In addition, in Indonesia, the Chinese-American cobalt industry is investing in the construction of the 60,000-ton nickel fence project (57 per cent) and the 45,000-ton nickel China-Cauco project (70 per cent): the 34,000-ton nickel-Yu-San project (equity 35.75 per cent) has been under way for 20 years; Green has increased its share of the 50,000-ton nickel project to 72 per cent in the Qing-US state of Indonesia.
In 2018, the Chinese-American cobalt industry started a nickel smelter project in Indonesia, with multiple partners. These include:
(1) 60,000 tons of nickel hydroxide annually produced by Chinese nickel, 0.78 million tons of cobalt hydroxide project owned by the company, 57 per cent of which was owned by the company, with an equity capacity of 34.2 million tons of nickel produced by the industry;
3) Huawoo nickel has an annual production of 120,000 tons of nickel hydroxide, 15,000 tons of metal cobalt hydroxide project, with 20 per cent of the company's equity and capacity of 24 million tons of nickel metallic; 4) Yozan nickel industry has a 1-year production of 34,000 tons of nickel and nickel with 29.25 per cent of the company's equity (project)
On October 29, 2018, the Chinese Friends Cobalt industry, through the All-China Sun Corporation, worked with CYC and SOC.
Mip, Longsincere, signed a joint venture agreement for the Morowali Red Nickel Hydrometallurgical Project in Indonesia, establishing a joint venture company, China Viet Nam. The company invested $1.28 billion, with an authorized capital of $50 million, of which the company’s wholly-owned Sun Company, Huaqing, contributed $29 million, with a 58 per cent share.
In November 2019, the company introduced a new investor, Luoyang Moor, which acquired 100% of the ownership of the Volontile Holdings through its fully-owned Hong Kong subsidiary, cmoclicited, and was acquired by the Volontari Holdings.
On May 23, 2021, China’s all-embracing cobalt industry, China’s all-embracing SOC, signed a joint venture agreement with Yong-seo, Glaucous, billion latitude Asia, and Lindo for the Indonesian nickel-cobalt-red-smelting project.
The company proposes to build a smelting project in the Wedabay industrial park in Indonesia to produce products of approximately 120,000 tons of nickel and 15,000 tons of cobalt metal per year. The total investment in the construction of the project is approximately $2.08 billion (13.374 billion).
The high-ice nickel and sulphate nickel projects are important intermediates in the production of tri-dollar pre-drills and solid materials in the downstream new energy business plates, and the 45,000-ton nickel-rich high-ice nickel project in the Huaco nickel industry, which is the company ' s total publicly released equity fund in 2020, is not exceeded.
In addition, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, the Philippines, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
Technical and resource security capabilities are strong and projects are steadily moving forward. (1) Technical security: Wetting project: the main areas of concern in the market at present for the nickel-red-soil project are technology-focused.
In January 2021, Hwa-Yo-Yo introduced Mr. Xiaobao as the company’s deputy general manager for the Viet Nam project. Mr. Xiao-Yuan was Deputy general manager of En-Fie and was deeply involved in the highest global production rate, the Sino-Sweewood nickel and cobalt project, whose engineering capabilities and project experience are expected to provide for the successful advancement of the project.
Fireworks Project: Using the industry-leading “Rocking kiln dry - Pre-restoration of kiln boilers - Re-smelting of electric furnaces - Sulphurization of p-s transfer furnaces” process, the technology programme for this process is mature and reliable. The company partner Qingshan Group has been working on the development of nickel resources for many years, has extensive experience with fire smelting projects, and is technologically at the forefront of the industry
Status, which will provide strong technical support to the project. (2) Resource security. Red-earth nickel raw materials needed for nickel-cobalt over China are purchased on a priority basis from the mine owned by the project-associated company and are marketed in real time.
Price purchases, the project-related company committed itself to securing the supply of the preferred nickel-cobalt-red tile mine in excess of 1.0% of the nickel-metal content within 10 years of the project’s completion. When the nickel-cobalt supply is required, the nickel-mine resource of not less than 60,000 tons of nickel-metals per year is secured, thereby safeguarding the origin of the nickel sulfate in HWA.
3.3 Nickel: The pricing logic shifts from supply-driven to demand-driven nickel downstream, including stainless steel, batteries, alloys, among which stainless steel is the main downstream, accounting for 68% and 80% of global and Chinese nickel demand.
According to international stainless steel forum (issf) estimates, global stainless steel consumption will increase at a rate of around 1 to 3% over the next five years, and our stainless steel consumption per capita is about 16 kg, close to 15 to 25 kg in developed countries, and China is not expected to do so in the future.
Power batteries have become the largest source of demand for nickel in the future. In recent years, with the technological advance and market recognition of tri-dollar power batteries, tri-dollar positive materials have been in China.
The share of sales of polar materials has continued to rise, reaching 47.6 per cent in 2019, becoming the highest positive market share, while the trend of high nickelization is expected to accelerate as the tri-dollar material increases its nickel content and energy density, with a 27 per cent increase in nickel consumption per gwhith compared to the traditional 5-sector product.
Nickel use is expected to accelerate as global demand for power cells increases rapidly and as the share of high nickel material continues to rise. According to the roskhill projections, the nickel use of batteries will reach 26% by 2030.
The price of nickel has been driven by supply-driven changes to demand. The logic of nickel pricing was often disturbed by the supply side, with Indonesia’s export ban and the Philippines’ seasonality most affected. The need for new energy vehicles has led to a revaluation of the value of nickel resources: • since the second half of 2020, it has been influenced by the bottom of the industry chain by stainless steel and battery millers, regardless of the country’s nickel.
Both the port and nickel futures stocks are at historically low levels, overall stock pressure is low, and the market mood in March 2021 was panicned by news of a shift in the production of high-ice nickel from Cyansan nickel, causing the price of nickel to collapse. As new energy vehicles develop, demand for the three-dollar predisposer has increased further, and the new nickel demand has stagnated.
In the global nickel supply-demand balance, the global nickel market was oversupplyed in 2012-2015, resulting in low nickel prices; in 2016-2019, the nickel-supply-demand balance was negative, indicating a lack of supply.
The annual supply and demand balance of nickel remains negative and the supply and demand gap has increased, owing to the rapid rise of the new energy electric car industry, the upgrading of the nickel space for batteries and the expected high price of nickel.
The Chinese-American cobalt industry began in 2014 with the construction of a 30,000-dollar positive pre-material drive project in the area of new energy materials, and since 2018 it has accelerated the deployment of new energy materials, establishing joint ventures with posco and lig chemistry. The core strategic idea of the "two new triads" also points out that the new energy portfolio is the company.
4.1 The advantage of integration in the pre-triple drive is clear. The pre-drilling city ratio is only 4% or more, and is in the country's first echelons.
In 2020, it was a year of rapid growth in the pre-Kyoto industry’s pre-Kyoto sector, and the city’s share increased significantly, as the company released its joint venture in 2021.
It is expected to continue to rise in 2021, when the pre-Kyoto sector will have a pre-Kyoto capacity of 100,000 tonnes/year, and in 2025 it will have a pre-Kyoto capacity of 500,000 tonnes/year.
In construction capacity of 125,000 tonnes, including 80,000 tonnes of Xinhua-Yan-Yan-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu, 25,000 tonnes of Xin-Nin, and 20,000 tonnes of Xi-Kin 2 of Xin-Wu. According to the company’s previous cooperative plan with lig chemistry, the future capacity of Xin-Jin could reach 100,000.
Tons, the remaining 60,000-ton capacity companies will start building on their own. The debt-transferable project in June 2021 will continue to add 150,000 tons of pre-release capacity in the future, 100,000 tons in Guangxi Bamo and 50,000 tons in HWAY.
In line with the company’s development plan, the company’s total production capacity will reach half a million tons by 2025. The key metals price volatility is locked, and integration advantages are evident.
(2) The industrial chain is further developed upstream, with tri-dollar pre-drilling companies with cobalt and nickel resources, such as the Chinese-American cobalt industry, Greenmill; and (3) the positive material manufacturer owns part of the pre-removement capacity for self-supply and research and development, such as Yon-Hu-Technology.
The Māori rate of former drive-over operations was significantly higher for integrated companies with upstream layout than for companies focusing only on former drive-out production and R&D. In terms of Māori rates, HYC stayed above 15% from 2017 to 2020, and Greenmill at 20%.
Moreover, the advantage of an integrated enterprise is also reflected in the lower profits of the middle, which can save the crystallines from nickel sulphate and cobalt production, and transport them through pipelines.
The next step is to avoid packaging and transport, while the pre-dismantling process is to avoid dissolving. 4.2 Controls of BAM technology enhance upstream and downstream synergies.
In the last ring in lithium, and in the case of Bamo, which is connected up and down with his existing new energy-related business with Chinese friends, it will create greater synergies and enhance the company’s overall competitiveness. Bamo is one of the leading companies in the country’s positive materials, with a clear advantage in the field of high nickel materials.
According to the company announcement, in 2020, BAM had formed a capacity of 43,000 MNT; in Chengdu Bamo had planned a capacity of 50,000 MNT in three phases.
By 2021-2022, BAM will have produced 93 million tons of positive and endurance capacity in the first half of 2022. And the Chinese friend cobalt industry, with $7.6 billion in debt, plans to build 50,000 tons of high nickel positive and endurance capacity in Guangxi, and BAM is expected to produce 143,000 tons of positive and end-of-year capacity in 2022.
From a client ' s perspective, Bamo has established long-term and stable partnerships with mainstream global lithium battery manufacturers, including ig, Biadi, catl, crown, moor, atl, billion latitudes, power gods, etc., and maintains close communication and liaison with mainstream domestic and international power cores, including manufacturers of end-use applications such as pelican fruit and dynasty.
In 2020, BAM achieved $4,152 million, resulting in a net profit of $189 million for mothers, an increase of 36 per cent and 89 per cent, respectively. In 2020, BAM sold 283.258 million tons of positive materials, an increase of 46 per cent and 38 per cent, respectively, with high nickel materials.
Production and sales amounted to 1.64.51 million tons, an increase of 463 per cent (492 per cent) over the same year. A significant increase in the volume of shipments of high nickel materials affected the increase in the Māori (Māori) ratio of the company ' s tri-dollar material (with high nickel content) to 14.08 per cent in 2020, driving the overall Māori ratio of the company to 12.03 per cent.
Figure 24: Three-dollar positive-polar sales (tons) 2018-2020 Figure 25: Three-polar operating income (millions) 2018-2020, in terms of single-ton sales prices and single-ton Māori, both in absolute terms and trends are significantly better than in industry.
The three-dollars followed the cobalt lithium price down and the unit price was on the downward trend, but the structure and customer advantage of the Bamito product, which remained at an average price of $14292,000 in 2020, was significantly higher than that of other industry rivals, of which the Bomo single-ton Maori, dominated by high nickel products, continued to move up, while the rivals were down, with the Bemo single-ton trio in 2020 being gross.
The profit of $2.1 million is significantly higher than that of other producers in the industry. 4.3 production capacity is opened for the King's production capacity, the “arms race.”
Without a certain amount of supply and capacity, it is impossible to participate in the distribution of value in the supply chain, to enter into the acquisition system of the mainstream supply chain, and the more marginal it is, the lower it is. So when industry heads expand their capacity, other companies can only follow, as the generic certification cycle of pre-triple drive and positive materials takes about two years, so the capacity expands.
The window period is only 2-3 years or so. At present, China, China, China, China, China, and Green America have well-developed expansion plans. By 2025, three pre-enterprises are expected to have 50, 40, 500,000 tons, cagr 30.77%, 20.60%, and 28.71%, respectively.
The cost of raw materials is high and sensitive to metal prices. Among the positive, negative, diaphragm, electrolyte, and four battery materials, the cost of raw materials is the highest, typically over 80%.
Three positive materials are very sensitive to changes in the price of raw materials. The main influences in raw materials are transitional metal salt (sulphur, cobalt, nickel sulphate) and lithium salt (lithium hydroxide, lithium carbonate). At the same time, in the cost structure of power cells, positive materials account for the highest share (about 40%), so battery and positive material enterprises are both highly sensitive to the price of metal raw materials.
Chinese friends have an advantage in integration to smooth the price fluctuations of raw materials, have a strong cost control capacity, and have a better profit margin of 4.4 positive materials: downstream demand continues to flourish in the trio-material industry, downstream demand continues to thrive, and the trio-material industry increases in the atmosphere.
The capacity of the head battery industry has expanded rapidly. Although the trio power cell has been hit to some extent by lithium phosphate batteries, the domestic trio battery capacity reached 13.83gwh in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 220.1% over the same period.
With regard to municipal coverage, the market for tri-dollar batteries reached 59.5 per cent in the first quarter of the year, compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, and domestic tri-dollar material production reached 7.65 million tons in the first quarter of the year 2021, an increase of 142.3 per cent compared with the growth rate in the production of three-dollar power cells downstream.
Low, with mismatches in supply and demand. Figure 29: Third dollar battery loads and ratios (29 May 2020, companies announced that they would no longer purchase hand-held mines), in which the extraction of some of the cobalt-containing raw materials was outsourced
The purchase price is determined by multiplying the price of mb cobalt by a discount factor, the purchase price of copper ore raw materials with the international market copper gold sales model, the company ' s crude hydroxide produced in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is mainly used in the smelting of the country ' s colour plate cobalt fresh material, and the electric copper product is sold to the country ' s bulk merchandise traders, mainly in relation to the lme copper price.
1) Cobalt procurement, based on 2020 production data, has not been affected by the cessation of hand-held mining, nor is it projected to follow up on 2) The use of cobalt smelting capacity (9,000 tons) in the Kuanjiang prefecture has not been disclosed, but the capacity utilization and distribution rates of cobalt smelting in Huat Qui State have remained high and the overall post-partum sales rate in 2020 has remained high
Ping, in the broader context of the rapid release of excavated capacity before downstream, it is projected that over the next three years, the utilization rate of cobalt smelting capacity will remain at around 95 per cent, with a sales rate close to 100 per cent; 3) the volume of new energy supply units within cobalt will increase from year to year with the release of downstream operations by the company, and in 2022
The coal cobalt and nickel cobalt project is about to resume in the short term, but, with the need to do so, the main layout of the Chinese-American copper smelting capacity is overseas, amounting to 86.49 per cent (96,000 tons).
(b) The company nickel plate is currently producing mainly 10,000 tons of nickel sulphate from the county base and is almost entirely self-supporting.
Energy use, with a small outlet, has a very low overall contribution. The company’s nickel business is currently concentrated in Indonesia, and the nickel plate business is expected to make an effective contribution from 2022.
(a) Pilot production is expected to be completed by the end of 2021, with the project producing rough hydroxide cobalt through wet smelting processes;
Launch of pre-work on the Huawoo nickel cobalt-rich 120,000 tons of cobalt hydroxide-cobalt-wet smelting project. tons of tmhp) as a pre-target indicator for the Huagami project. On 19 May 2021, the Obi project was successfully tested, and on 24 June, the obi project ship shipped hydroxide-cobalt (mhp) with an initial shipment of 5,500 tons in kind, first shipment, first shipment of 5,500 tons in kind.
With 65 per cent monthly capacity utilization, we conservatively predict 50 per cent of the capacity utilization in 2022 for the China-China project, 2023-2) and expected to be completed by the end of 2022 for the Chinese nickel industry fire project process and its maturity, which is expected to be invested 4)) Based on historical experience, the Māori rate for the wet-law project is generally higher than 50 per cent, and generally the cost of the climb period is one
In the case of the ex-drivers, the company has a capacity of 100,000 tons, of which the joint venture with Pura has already produced 2021q1 and the joint venture with lg will also produce 2021h2. (1) The projects that have been initiated now include the second phase with Pura and the additional 50,000 tons in 2020.
(2) According to the Chinese shares and Greenmill, as the basic logic of the former drive production is marketable, its capacity utilization and distribution rates are almost 100 per cent, and the sales of the excavator by 2021-2023 are projected to be almost close to capacity and output.
With regard to the three-dollar positive materials, the company has completed its control of BAM, with expectations and expectations for 2021. The core core of BAM has three plates of cobalt-acid lithium, tri-dollar materials, and high nickel materials. (1) As a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, BAMST's performance declined significantly in the first quarter of 2020.
The situation has subsided, with BAM ' s sales in the rest of the quarter in 2020 rising significantly over the quarter and achieving a year-round sales of nearly 8,000 tons. Given the absence of significant seasonality in the cobalt-acid lithium industry, 3c electricity (2) is assumed to be affected by the new crown pneumonia epidemic and the new energy car subsidy policy, BAMT320
In the first half of the year, production was largely suspended, with normal sales starting in July 2020 and production reaching about 2,840 tons in the second half of the year. In 2021, based on the second half of the year 2020, sales in 2021 were twice as high as in the second half of the year.
With 236,000 tons of raw material, an increase of 23% over the same period, but affected by the fall in subsidies, in 2022, the mainstream battery manufacturers now identified high nickel technology as a medium- to long-term trend.
With the current projected sales of BAM clients and industry growth, 2021 and 2022, 20% of the business of the Chinese-American Cobalt Owners Camp is shifting to new energy materials on the basis of copper-cobalt resources, and with the release of nickel and lithium-based electrical materials, it is expected that future revenues and net profit ratios for nickel and lithium-based electrical materials will continue to rise.
In selecting comparable companies, in addition to the cold cobalt industry and the rich mining industry, which are similar to the company’s traditional business, they also select firms that have triad drivers (Micro and Greenmill) and positive materials (Change Science and Technology) to better reflect the transformation of the company’s business and its future direction.
Using the relative valuation method, comparable companies forecast the average pe to be 55.8, and given the integrated layout of the Chinese-American cobalt industry, we believe that the Chinese-American cobalt industry will have an expanded competitive advantage in future lithium orthodoxy operations, giving it an assessment of 10 per cent that has not been and is not present in the past, and that the future will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in the present report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.