Non-ferrous metals (603799). Positive material integrated layout, pioneered by profit space, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: corporate business income of $14,294 million in H1 in 2021, an increase of 57.91 per cent in the same year; real net profit for mothers of $1,468 million, an increase of 319.91 per cent in the same year; net profit deductions for non-mortality of $1,416 million – cobalt taps extending the industrial chain and integrating the production of positive materials.
Cobalt is at the core, complemented by nickel, copper, manganese, etc., and coloured business is an important part of the integrated industrial structure, underpinned by the manufacturing capacity of the company. The company actively expands the positive material integration layout and has achieved the positive material of the nickel cobalt resource — smelting and processing — the three-dimensional body — the material of the solid.
The industrial chain, gradually moving from a cyclical profit based on copper and cobalt price elasticity to an industry leader that relies on integration to achieve cost control and captures the most profitable space. Tons rise to $9,500 per ton, up by more than 30%, and cobalt prices also crossed 300,000 yuan per ton in January of this year.
The price of copper and cobalt has increased considerably since 2020, and the business rate of Maori has also increased, and copper and cobalt products are expected to continue to support the company’s performance this year. . . ..and the medium-term positive materials have been brought to the fore, and the integrated layout has increased.
The company’s downstream demand is expanding rapidly, so supply capacity and cost control capacity will be central to the next phase of the competition. The company’s current pre-driving capacity of 64,000 tonnes/year is expected to reach 270,000 tonnes/year in 2023; the positive arctic capacity of 56,000 tonnes/year, 140,000 tonnes/year in 2023, and downstream companies lig, catl
The long-term configuration of the nickel material is expected to provide a pre-emptive advantage. The company’s 60,000-ton wet-water project in Indonesia’s layout, the 120,000-ton-wet-wet-fly project, and the 45,000-ton fire project will gradually release capacity from 2022.
The company's copper and cobalt business will continue to make a profit, while the company's positive business is gradually being refined to achieve lower profits and to further enhance its profitability over the next three years.
A combination of income growth of 35%. Considering that companies are the only ones in the current market that have achieved positive material integrated production, a concentration of shares in copper-cobalt taps has been instrumental in the transformation into positive material integration, the company was established in 2002 and is mainly engaged in the development and manufacture of new energy-based lithium and cobalt-based materials, and is owned by a single company.
From the development of nickel resources to high-technology enterprises in the integrated industrial chain for the manufacture of lithium electric materials, the lithium electric material industry presents a typical feature of “natural resources abroad, R & D manufacturing in China, and market customers worldwide.” Technological innovation and cost advantages are key competitive elements of the industry.
There has been a synergetic development of the resource plate, colour plate, and new energy plate, integrating resources through a vertically integrated development model, creating a unique competitive advantage. The three business plates form the upper, middle, and downstream industrial chain within the company, which is closely connected, efficient and coordinated, from raw material structure to cobalt chemicals to triple material, releasing public goods.
Companies have entered the core industrial chain of global head-power batteries, such as lgc,ski,catl, byd. Products have started to be applied on a large scale to Euro-American high-end electric cars, such as mass meb platforms, the Renault-Japanese Alliance, Volvo, and the Lugger Jaguar.
Figure 1: The company’s history has been characterized by a concentration of shares, which highlights its ambition and makes its decision-making more efficient. The firm’s owner is Mr. Chen Cheehua, Chairman of the Board. Prior to the change in equity, Chen Xuehua and his co-activists, China’s stock held a total share of 16.69% of the company’s shares on the market. Chen Shei, June 2021.
Mr. Hua received $8.248 million in shares in listed companies, or 6.8 per cent of the total stock of listed companies, by way of an agreed transfer, and after the conclusion of the transaction, the combined share held by Chen Xuehua and his co-operator, H.Y.C., increased from 16.69 per cent to 23.49 per cent of the total stock of listed companies.
The company has now developed an integrated industrial chain of nickel cobalt resource development - smelting and processing - three-dollar prehistoric bodies - solid materials - resource recycling. The company’s new energy plates include, inter alia, the state of New Energy, the new energy source of Huaihai, the Hua Yui Pu project with Posco, and the former driving business of Joaquin with lgc. The company also participates in Puhua company, Lei.
The company’s non-ferrous operations are concentrated in the factories of its subsidiaries, Hua-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo, the main products are cobalt-based and nickel-based chemicals, and the corporate resource plates are mainly concerned with the extraction, selection and initial processing of non-ferrous metals such as cobalt, nickel and copper. The cobalt business is concentrated in the African Congo subsidiary, cdm, mikas.
The main products are coarse cobalt hydroxide and copper. 2 Lithium electric materials are growing rapidly, and the advantages of integration are about to emerge.
Non-ferrous metal trading operations are carried out mainly through its subsidiary, China-Yo, Singapore, and are designed for non-ferrous metals such as copper and nickel, which account for 43% of the operating income;
Copper and cobalt products account for 38 per cent of business income, down by 6 pp from 2019. Moreover, the three-dollar product share increased significantly, from 6 per cent to 12 per cent in 2019, and it is expected that future sales of pre-triad drivers and positive materials will become another major corporate income, with the company ' s Māori structure still dominated by copper and cobalt and no gains in trade. In 2020, gross corporate profits were mainly copper and cobalt.
Product contributions, of which the Māori rate for copper products was as high as 45.0%, while the Māori rate for cobalt products was 21.1%; the Māori rate for pre-trillion drivers was slightly higher than in 2019, reaching 17.3%, while the trading business, with its larger revenue contribution, had little profit. The corporate downstream market environment was complex and varied, and the future industry boom would continue to increase in both volumes.
The gross profit fell by 49% on a 30% increase in revenue over the same year, mainly because the price of cobalt products was maintained throughout the year 2019 and the demand for the pre-trillion drive fell sharply in the context of electric vehicle refilling. With the future marketization of downstream electric vehicles and the build-up of policy support, companies will enjoy a substantial increase in revenue and will be accompanied by a process of integration of positive materials.
The company achieved a net return of 1.16 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 875% over the same year, largely benefiting from an improvement in the Maori situation. In 2021h1, the company achieved a return of 1,416 million yuan, an increase of 38.5% over the year 2020.
This year, companies are expected to continue to benefit from scale effects, resulting in a double increase in revenue earnings. The effect of scale is highlighted by the downside of the company’s cost during the period.
The company ' s current cost rate fell to 7.09 per cent, 0.5 pp from 2020, while the sales cost rate, the management cost rate (other than R & D) and the financial cost rate decreased and the R & D rate slightly increased.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company's sub-operational income for 2021-2023, as follows:
The company's copper-cobalt business will continue to make a profit, while the company's positive business is gradually improving its physical layout to achieve a lower profit and further improve its profitability. The compound increase in corporate gross revenue over the next three years will be 35%. Considering that the company is the only target in the current market for the integration of positive material production, we give it to the company.
1) Risk of failure to release the company's production capacity; Not having received any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report; Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.