In coordination with the National Productions Office (NCP) flagship revival path - the office in Kanshan (688111.sh) serves as the flagship of over 30 national production office software on the Focus Office software, in "Multiscreens, Clouds, Content, ai,
Under the strategy of “Collaborative” of 23 June 2022, the advantages of recovery are evident. Mobile end-products in the mobile Internet era are leading overseas giants, such as Microsoft, leading the process of product clouding, multiple collusive and content services leading foreign manufacturers, and encountering them at the same time.
Cao Xuant, an alternative demand for national production, has seen a clear trend towards the revival of national production office software.
Wps takes the lead in dynamically moving ends, with $336 million a month, more than 10 times Microsoft, and more than 80% of mobile users have installed wps, which not only boosts Saas subscription model growth, but also complements the pc end, synergizes growth, improves client stickability and sets the driving force for long-term corporate development.
The content service is one-stopped to address customer business needs and greatly enhances client stickyness. The rice shell one-stop solution solves household-to-house search, management, and processing of material resources and greatly improves creative efficiency. The riceshell platform has five templates, a 10-stop shop and more than 100 million content resources, with a total annual download of more than 700 million content.
Next, more than 100 partners are located in more than 4,000 contract creators. Lead one-stop cloud office solutions based on document synergy to address industry pain points. Corporate integration wpsoffice, online files, file management, corporate backstage management, rice shell templates, collaborative production.
The "145" plan indicates that by 2025, the core sector of the digital economy will account for 10% of gdp, with a one-stop shop demand.
With increased and vertical downfalls, top-down coverage of corporate products at the end of g/b will boost the Department’s accelerated performance and business model upgrading. Digital office platforms will provide eco-building and meet multiple client needs.
The platform, which meets the business needs of clients “from tools to services, from single machines to collaboration”, while enjoying existing saas common products, is also able to meet individual needs and promote ecological development through modular enabling cloud mills platforms.
We gave the company 90 times as much money in 2022 and an estimated net return of $1.464 billion to the mother in 2022, with over-expected downside risks in the economy, policy adjustments affecting the confidence of large-scale national firms, the failure of product R & D to affect project delivery in a timely manner, market risks.
1. Company: National Production Offices (NOPs), which was established in 1988 and released in 1989.
Wps1.0 version, with a city share of as much as 90%, was subsequently developed with Waterloo, 2002 with 5 million lines rewps rewps for deep compatibility office, three years of hard research and development, full-fledged owner intellectual property and deep compatibility office wps 2005 was born, and in 2007 wps 2005 won the National Section.
Second prize for learning about technological progress. 1.2 Main Camp Business: “wpsoffice office software, gold mountain files and gold mountain digital office platform”.
The company’s main products include wpsoffice office software, a matrix of office-capacity products such as documents in Phnom Penh, and a solution to the digital office platform in Kimsan.
1.2.1 wpsoffice office software products, wpsoffice office software, are core products of the company and provide one-stop office services to users. The products achieve multi-end coverage through (android, ios, harmonyos) and at different end-of-pipe devices/
The system has the same document processing capability. wpsoffice has a wealth of features that satisfy the office needs of various users when it is highly compatible with mainstream offices abroad. wpsoffice desktops are mainly used on computer end, and can be divided into wpsoffice depending on the appropriate system.
Wpsoffice mobile versions support a wide range of mainstream devices. wpsoffice is based on office applications developed by android, ios platforms, and supports a variety of mainstream smartphones, mobile tablet devices. wpsoffice mobile versions include wpsoffice mobile personal versions and wpsoffice mobile professional versions.
Components such as wps tables, wps presentations, and pdf readings. Figure 4: Wpsoffice mobile version of Wpsoffice supports multiple document formats. wpsoffice mobile personal version has small size,
The Wpsoffice mobile professional version provides secondary development interfaces with high compatibility. The wpsoffice mobile professional version is a mobile office software product developed for organizational-level clients and provides secondary development interfaces based on mobile platforms.
Ensures the security of information in the process of generating, synergizing, sharing and communicating with other application systems, and provides users with mobile office solutions that are low-cost and efficient.
1.2.2 Support the management, viewing, editing, collaboration, etc. of online documents and office documents through browsers, micro-letters, qq-programmes on the gold mountain documents, os, linux, adroid, ios, ipados platforms, etc.
The gold mountain file is an online document service that supports real-time collaboration among many people. The gold mountain file is primarily oriented towards light-quantitative co-location and sharing on-line, helping users focus on content creation and expression, avoiding data co-ordination barriers across platforms, desktops, end-ends, and reducing the time cost of adjusting document styles.
. The product supports the independent setting of access or editing privileges for different collaborators, document data security is controlled, autosaved, real-time synchronised and provides a field for users.
1.2.3 Gold Mountain Digital Office Platform, which is based on the gold mountain office product matrix, with cloudization, mid-stage transformation and secondary development
Create enabling solutions covering content creation and management, co-location, and digitization of operations.
Matrix, positioned as a clearing house for the ability of businesses to provide documents through a single identity certification service package and collaboration between two digital offices, as well as an open ecological document.
In the context of the collaborative application needs, enterprises will be provided with a secondary capacity for development and a combination of synthesic landscape classification of documents based on the enterprise business system will provide basic capacity support for the transformation of digital enterprises. In the centre of collaboration, the business will be provided with a shared centre for co-location-related capabilities.
Close product matrix service, rapid response to needs in the co-location scenario, high openness to co-location-related interface capabilities, provision of a foundation for enterprise-owned co-ordination functions, flexible business service processing capabilities, and secondary capacity development for enterprise.
1.3 Business model: Three marketing models that combine the authorization and subscription model “direct marketing plus marketing plus third parties” 1.3.1 Profit model: main subscription and authorization model to reduce Internet advertising revenue
The company ' s profit-making model is divided mainly into individual office service subscriptions, domestic agency subscriptions and service operations, domestic agency authorizations and Internet advertising service operations. 1) personal office service subscriptions
Ordinary users can use the wpsoffice basics free of charge. Users can register wps accounts by downloading wpsoffice letters, cell phone numbers, etc., using free online functions and services. Members can enjoy a lot of value-added services.
(b) Public, paying members are divided into three categories, namely, wps members, rice shell members and super-members, all of which are paid monthly, seasonal or annual, with some added value and rice shell content platform resources, and also support functional or quantitative wps members: focus on functional services based on wpsoffice office software;
• Rice Shell Members: Focus on content-based services based on wpsoffice office software: Super Members: In addition to all privileges available to wps members and riceshell members at the same time ... there is also a larger cloud file storage space, a larger number of multi-person cloud team ceilings, more comprehensive and non-restricted
Advanced competencies, such as application functions, to make the text documents, table documents, demonstration documents more professional and 2) subscriptions and service operations of domestic institutions: companies can provide professional office software products, corporate office cloud services and office solutions to domestic institutions.
The client may use a particular version of the software product or service module under a contractual agreement for the duration of the contract, and the client is entitled to upgrade and technical support for the software product or service module, while the client may also choose to pay for additional value-added modules or services.
The company grants a certain amount of access rights to certain versions of a product to some organizational-level clients under a contract.
Computers or equipment are not transferable to be installed on other computers or equipment.
For free-of-charge users, companies use the “free-for-advertisement” profit model. Companies offer advertising slots to customers with promotional needs on their clients and web platforms, depending on their location, type and needs, and how and how they calculate and earn, for example, by identifying information flows based on length, number of hits, number of registrations, etc.
Revenue is recognized on the basis of traffic information. 1.3.2 Sales model: “Direct marketing + marketing + third-party promotion” promotes the sale of corporate products. Personal office services subscription sales are sold online mainly through various websites and display places.
Office end and online advertising places, micro-letters, treasures, tremors, and other sales channels for partners. Domestic institutions subscriber and agency-authorized business sales are divided mainly into direct sales and distribution models. For dry company management, companies have developed distributor management systems, software sales processes, order management processes and sales contracts.
There are three types of marketing models for Internet advertising services: direct sales, agency distribution, and third-party platforms. Internet advertising services are mainly carried on by corporate products, by displaying a wide range of brands to customers.
Promotion of publicity and effect advertising, offering Internet-based advertising marketing services to various advertising clients, from 1.4 focus office software to R&D-driven growth in home-based demand for office, with a significant increase in corporate revenue. Sustained growth in corporate performance benefits on the one hand from output.
The success of the corporate strategy “Mobile Office + Cloud Office + Synergy.” Individual subscription income is close to 50%, and institutional subscriptions and authorizations are growing rapidly.
For inputs, personal subscription revenue has increased steadily, with q1 accounting for 49.06% in 2021. Agency subscriptions and authorizations have grown steadily, and we believe that follow-up agency subscriptions will grow rapidly, with the company as a whole showing a change in income from the company’s four major major businesses in figure 10, end of line and b/g.
Corporate operating cost rates have remained stable and are expected to decrease slightly thereafter. Business costs increased by 54.37 per cent in 2021 over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to increases in server costs, external resources, procurement costs and settlement costs due to increased user and client activity, and we believe that subsequent company cost rates will be reduced slightly.
The company ' s Māori rate has remained stable and has steadily increased. The company ' s product is highly standardized, with 86.53 per cent of business input per year. We believe that the company ' s business costs will decrease slightly and Māori rates will increase slightly as the company ' s product is further standardized and its inputs stabilized.
Corporate R & D inputs continue to increase, and sales/management costs remain stable. Corporate cost levels are generally stable, R & D inputs are valued, R & D costs are rising year by year, R & D costs for companies have remained above 30% over the last five years, and active public R & D inputs are conducive to long-term growth of dry companies.
Net profits from non-repatriation have increased steadily and will continue to rise in the future. Net interest rates for companies have increased steadily from 2016 to 2021, as the impact of the epidemic has increased online office users in 2020, and net profits have increased significantly. As cloud services have expanded and pre-phased inputs have been phased out, and as subscriptions have become more widely available, reference Microsoft, we think the company is net.
During the year, the company was listed, indirectly owned by the Lui army and the Yue Jun through the Kimsan software, in which the Lui army is the actual controller of the office in KIMshan.
The company's major shareholders and management have a strong background and experience in the Internet sector.
Products such as music software and office in Kimsan successfully led Westshan to a major management-owned and “end-of-hand” crossing; the current Managing Director, Zhang Qing Yuan, has been working on wps since 2000, and is a leader of the wpsoffice sixth-generation R & D programmer.
Industry: “Cloud office, co-location” is the current trend 2.1: Basic office software as the main value added and co-location software as the trend is the functional, office software as the function-distributed base, value-added office software and co-location software III
Basic office software: three basic office functions can be achieved for word processing, ppt production, data analysis, with the main manufacturers being Microsoft (msoffice), Google (g-suit), Apple (iwork), Kimsan Office (wpsoffice), Yong-chung (Yong-chung Office), etc.:
Table 5: Basic office software major manufacturers Value-added office software: office functions that include photo processing, thought mapping, form statistics, online collaboration documents, videoconferencing, translation software, pdf reading,ofd reading,calendar sub-office, social mail etc. can be achieved;
Synergy of office software: Synergy of office software is usually enterprise-based, providing a collaboratively managed office software or platform within the enterprise, providing process-based services for corporate operations and facilitating staff office exchanges. Interface with basic office software and value-added office software to achieve staff attendance data, performance data, etc.
Processing, providing enterprise with data-based internal management and improving the efficiency of the company ' s operations, in the form of desktop displays, allows for the division of office software into desktop, mobile and cloud-side office software.
Mobile end office software: can be operated on mobile devices such as smartphones, flat boards, etc. Cloud end office software: can achieve real-time synchronization of local files on cloud ends and 2.2 trends in desktop and mobile end: “Cloud office, collaborative office” becomes the trend business digital office needs are highlighted
Office software has long gone beyond paperless document content carriers, with the trend of “Cloud Office, Collaborative Office.” Office software has long existed as a purely paper-based document content carrier, and as mobile Internet and cloud computing-related techniques develop, office software has entered the “Cloud Office+Collaborative Office” phase, becoming an important productivity tool.
The hotness of the office software market has attracted a large number of Internet companies and entrepreneurial teams, with new applications, such as nails, flybooks, slacks, etc., in addition to the two mainstream office products of ms 365, wps, etc., engaging in office-based smart technology enablers like 2.2.1 cloud computing, ai, etc.
Googleg-suite is the hottest digital office tool platform in the world. The gmail bulge, smart algorithm enabling product, launched on Fools Day in 2004. After 2015, Google started trying to integrate its own advantage smart algorithms into g-suite, and launched a smartreply with auto-recovering functions for years.
One of the most representative functional updates is the tool that allows smart scanning of users ' e-mails to get context-level keylines, providing up to three recommendations for response, which accounts for 20 per cent of all gmails in 2017.
2.2.2 A high-intensity co-located office platform The flying book is a byte tob-end fisting product for Googleg-suite. The initial location of the flying book is a byte beat to replace the nail and slack internal office software.
Flying books integrate instant communication, calendars, online files, clouds, application centres, etc., and are one of the most mature one-stop communication and office collaboration platforms in the country, as bytesb of boxing products.
“Communication, collaboration, efficiency, and integration” is the most distinctive feature of flybooks. In terms of communication: apart from instant messaging, audio-conferencing, etc., flybooks draw on slacks in message management, and important messages can be “pin” in the sidebar to help team members focus.
Collaboration: An online document for flying books achieves the “see and get” of the discussion by giving everyone the ability to write, comment and so on in a timely manner. Efficiency: The flybook integrates the idea of managing the organization within the bytes into the product, with its distinctive kr function
It allows any employee to see the kr, basic information, and reporting relationships of other colleagues, and improves the efficiency of decision-making through transparency of information.
Requisites, firms can quickly integrate their own systems into flybooks, or autonomous access to open api third-party tools, and support developers in developing new applications. Based on a summary of the core features of these new and popular products, we believe that future high-quality office software should be available.
The following features: a strong foundation function, a strong cloud service and co-location capacity, an enabler, a prominent content service, and an open integrated ecology with a user base that is needed to make the network work. We believe that wps have these advantages, and that its “multiscreen + cloud + + ai+ collaboration” is fully deployed in the core strategy.
The trend towards future development of co-location software has led us to see how the wps are changing from office software to workspace, platform development, and cloud service providers.
3.1 The Wpsoffice subscription price is much lower than the microsof365 subscription. For end-of-cycle customers, the price is the most important factor influencing the final purchase decision, and for personal subscription costs, wpsoffice is much lower.
Microsoft365 subscription. wpsoffice msoffice
office3656f3:696 person/year Business base: 168 person/year office365e3:3120 person/year
Commercial standard edition: $365 per person/year office365e5:4692 per person/year wps member: $89 per year
Supermember: $179/year Business base: $516/person/year Business application: $720/person/year
3.2 Mau’s steady growth is not seen as market bottlenecks. 2022q1 mobile end-of-month activity was 336 million, an increase of 14.29 per cent over the same period. With co-location and hand-held office requirements, the equipment is mainly cellular and tablet computers, and with the spread of 5g and folding screens, the mobile end will begin a new round.
Generations and upgrades, which provide the basic conditions for mobile end-of-office operations. Figure 23: Global smartphone output in 17-21, with a three-year compound growth rate of 20.68%, largely due to company ecology and content building.
Users of deep products, which are used on a single-day basis for more than four hours, are mainly pc end and pc and move two end users, and because of the working properties of the office, we believe that the pc end office will remain dominant until the mobile end equipment (cell phone/plate) changes revolutionaryly.
3.3 The steady increase in the penetration rate of the optimized membership structure is the result of a restructuring of the company ' s business strategy and an increase in its membership base, which does not explain the bottlenecks in the growth of the paid client base, mainly for the following reasons:
Figure 26: Corporate aggregate user fees (in thousands) Cancel short-term January-June membership opening channels to guide users to annual subscriptions. Companies cancel January-June membership opening channels to promote and guide clients to choose one-to-three-year subscriptions, although to some extent it affects the number of user subscriptions.
The Department will increase the education and outreach of the wps super-member users and increase their penetration rates in a variety of ways.
Contract liabilities have been steadily raised, and membership subscriptions have been steadily moving forward. In 2019, the amount and number of subscriptions to individual clients have grown, and individual subscriptions to arpus have increased steadily. 2016-2021.
Individual subscriptions increased by 97.82 per cent and 100 per cent over three years, respectively, largely benefiting from corporate subscriptions. New income guidelines were introduced in January 2020, with a delay in the recognition of subscriptions, leading to a significant drop in the arppu. There was a small recovery in arpu in 2020 and 2021, mainly in the public sector.
The Division guides clients to long-term membership subscriptions, which better nurtures the habit of individual users paying for their services, enhances user stickyness, enhances product recognition while also boosting arpu. 3.4c End revenue: Endc income is expected to reach $5.9 billion in 2025
Billions, personal user pay penetration rate of 6.61 per cent, cendarpu about $104.19, arpu growth driver from super-member and long-term member ratio on a continuous increase, based on which company end-of-life income is measured in 2025. End 4.b: Far-term product income for the credit-making industry is 74.34 billion.
4.1 Core competitiveness highlights the solutions to industrial pains. Corporate core technology is recognized by national expert organizations and industry.
International and national awards, such as the second-class National Science and Technology Progress Award, the World Intellectual Property Rights Award and the China International Software Fair Gold Award, have been awarded on two occasions to companies and products, demonstrating that their technology is at an advanced level in the country.
The company has a number of major national-level research and development tasks, and wpsofficeforlinux has now fully supported the tether, dragon cores, pelicans and mega-cores, as well as the unified faith-uos, middle-labels, galactic quails and depths of oss.
The standard-setting of the country’s “public document model” addresses the most painful aspects of the party’s office.
The output is usually cumbersome and needs to be written in a regular document tool, then typed in a dedicated document machine, and then exported into a standard organ document format. The office officially launched the first global office software, the " Office Mode " , which addresses the party, using the functions of a national flag layout, custom tool, integrationofofd, template import as its starting point.
The pains experienced by users of government organs in the course of writing in the official language are such that users of party organs can finish writing, layout and the like at the end of wps and print directly documents that meet national standards in the official language, thus making a major contribution to improving the efficiency of the party’s office.
* The "public mode" is fully in line with international standards. The current standard for the official format of the Party organs is gb/t 9704-2012, with layout requirements in terms of layout, fonts, labels, etc.
The standard template is embedded to solve the various pain points efficiently. In the process of selecting the document template, the user has a distance that is difficult to adjust, the elements difficult to add or delete, first of all, the elemental distance requirement for the document is a millimetre level, in electricity.
A sub-document is difficult to measure and adjust, and printing also requires a ruler to confirm accuracy; the second is a number of organ units whose templates differ finely from the usual format of the national flag and require a significant amount of time for content additions and deletions. The wps text mode embedded template design tools, built templates, and the template is imported into three tools, with an built-in gb/t
9704-2012 text template, which can be imported directly to break the template pain point from scratch to scratch. The `public error' function helps staff quickly check the text. “There are errors” - this is a headache for any type of office document operator, which is guaranteed to the staff of the party administration.
It is more important to be accurate throughout the document. For this wps text mode, a “office error correction” tool can be developed that accurately identifies errors in the document, overlapping words, and even using the wrong address mark.
"Last bus": printing, formatting, output, using a wps copy format, which can be printed directly after editing, to help party offices improve their efficiency significantly by providing gb/t9704-2012. Output of ofd format to meet job standard requirements. lfd is a national standard layout format for files as an ongoing one.
National office software for the CSIL project, which can be easily exported into the lfd format in wps document mode. Figure 35: Output of the ofd format integratedofd-1. Output
By the end of 2021, the company had been working on five priority projects, including “Enhancing and Optimizing Office Software for Party Office Systems”, “Observing Safe and Reliable Office Platforms” and “Research and Development of Wps National Product Packages for Party Administration Applications” and industrialization.
The organization’s office system will be based on private clouds, integrated with other business systems, and will be competitive.
For medium-sized clients, the strategy of "public cloud plus customised value-added services plus subscriptions" is maintained. Clients in this category need customized, industry-based value-added services, the Golden Hill Eto channel, and industry-specific features such as cloud collaboration, cloud files, etc. can be used as a core selling point.
For small and medium-sized clients, the "public cloud plus subscription" strategy is maintained. Given the small size of small and medium-sized customers, their low resilience to risk, their high price sensitivity, there is a natural feeling of a good feeling for public clouds, and Kimsan provides a free wps+ enterprise base version that meets basic office, collaborative and managerial needs, and wps+ all fee-paying versions.
Between 2016 and 2020, the country witnessed an increase in the number of small and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) from 87,054,000 to 13,847,000, while the share of MSMEs was 94.1%.
It grew to 96.8%, with micro-enterprises accounting for 96.5% of our market in 2019, contributing 60% of the gdp, and micro-enterprises playing an increasingly important role in the national economy. From the contribution of micro-enterprises to the national economy, Central Bank President Ei-Yi reported in 2018 on " Several Perspectives on Improving Financial Services for Micro-enterprises " .
As noted in the report, China ' s MSMEs have a value of about 60% of their final products and services as gdp, their tax contribution to the country ' s total tax revenue is more than 50%, and their contribution to technological innovation and urban employment is more than 70%. In 2021, China ' s MSMEs contributed to the national economy.
For financial year 2020, the number of subscribers to the msoffice enterprise was about 207 million, or 83 per cent, the number of subscribers to the enterprise was about 83.55 per cent, and the number of clients to the end was about 83.55 per cent.
According to the gold mountain accounts, the company ' s business end revenue was split up at the highest point in 2016, and the share of revenue from the b end was only 46%. Given that the epidemic had raised the cloudy office patterns of small and medium-sized enterprises vis-à-vis public clouds, cloud files, co-locations, etc., and saas
The acceptance of the fee model and the country ' s sizeable market for small and medium-sized stocks, as measured by the msoffice, have much to offer in the MSMEs office market. 4.3 Market size: forward b market size is 74.34 billion
The long-term b-market is 74.34 billion. We have detailed the full cloud transition, based on the potential demand of the party's military and the number of companies of different sizes, the average number of employees, the average subscriptions, and the expected penetration of the gold mountain.
Value-added services, which are suitable for advanced versions of business. As product power rises and the company’s market share rises, the unit price of products may increase, taking into account such factors as the collection of discounts, channel discounts, etc., for large-scale enterprises in Arpu at $500: the demand for organizational management, document security, etc., is high, and the business business version is preferable.
The price logic with mega-enterprises, measured at $300 arpu. Micro-enterprises: micro-enterprises have a high level of recognition of cloud collaboration, cloud file precipitation efficiency, and it is advisable to use business based stubble classes to measure logic with mega-enterprises, measured at $120 arpu.
In combination, we have calculated a total of $74.34 billion in market space after the end of Golden Hillb ' s long-term entry into the subscription system. 5. Profit prediction and valuation analysis: 22-year target market value of $131.76 billion. 5.1 Profit projection: two-pronged net profit booms.
5.1.1 Collections: subscriptions led by nearly 9 billion over two years Domestic institutional subscriptions and services: we expect revenue increases for traditional software operations from 2022 to 2024, respectively Personal office service subscriptions: personal office services subscriptions are relatively stable and will be expected to result from the relative stability of the Maori rate of subscriptions to personal office services
Domestic institutional subscriptions and service operations: as business changes expand, more servers and other resources are required, Internet advertising service operations: to improve client experience, companies will gradually reduce advertising operations, I Sales costs: as companies increase their marketing input into C- and b-subscription services, they will hold them.
Recruiting high-end sales talent, while advertising on various platforms, we expect corporate turnover rates, management rates: due to the rapid expansion of business, management rates will continue to increase, and we expect corporate management costs Valuation analysis: as the company ' s b- and c-subscription is promoted, it will lead to a rapid increase in corporate revenue, gross.
Interest rates and profit margins will increase significantly, management, R & D, sales rates will decline, and companies will be industry leaders. So, we give the company 90 times as much money in 2022, and we expect a net profit of 1,464 million in 2022.
Research assistant brief, Master of Technology, Harbin Industrial University, five years of industrial work experience.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis