3q23 performance increased by 40% over the same period; solidly advanced high-quality development resulted in increased gross profits due to increased sales of products. Our overall assessment is as follows: 3q23 performance increased by 40% over the same period; profit margin levels increased.
Yoon Cong Wei, research assistant.
The sale of the research assistant Zhao Bo-hoon resulted in the recognition of income in the current period; (5) net cash flow from operating activities was -12.43 billion yuan, compared with -12.8 billion yuan in the same period in the previous year, mainly as a result of the increase in cash paid for goods purchased and services received during the current period.
On 27 October 2023, the company announced the proposed increase in the number of public listings of the company's holding company, Gi Lads.
Upon completion of this transaction, the company remains in control of the company’s shareholders, and the replenishment funds will be used to build the capacity of the company’s basic maintenance. In addition, some of the assets of Shen Fei, a fully-fledged subsidiary, will be advanced.
The company's reform led Shen Fei to use a non-public agreement for the transfer of parts of Shenbei Park's houses, construction and land use rights (not including intangible assets such as houses, equipment and intellectual property rights to land) 1. Shen Fei in China (600760/sh) reported in mid-2023:
Transfers to wire companies at a price not less than $6.87 million in assessed filing prices focused on the group's “a 40 per cent increase in performance over the same period of time of 2q23; and the planning of a targeted increase in robust stock of assets and expansion of effective investments”.
Investment proposal: The company is one of the leading pilots of our aviation equipment. During the "14th Five-Year" period, the company air travel was evaluated in 2022 by the annual report of Shen Fei (600760/sh): a 35 per cent increase in performance over the same year; the main aircraft was able to reduce efficiency gains.
The accelerated cross-cutting of defence equipment, the deepening of the layout of the research/building/repairing integrated industries, and the efficient management of these services have been significant.
\triangleright 4. 3-quarter report point 2022.
5. An incident review of Shen Fei (600760/sh) in China: the use of a pilot aircraft as a conduit for upgrading related industrial chain development -
2022/09/28 Research findings based on methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.