The Center for Resource and Environmental Research (CREDE) tax-free boosted performance continued to grow by 16.7 per cent, with net profit from non-return to mothers increasing by 3.140 billion, or 16.6 per cent; q3 received 2.4 billion in a single season.
Overtime charters in the Eastern region continued to slow down due to adverse factors such as wind surges. 127,000 q3 single-season aircraft landings and landings increased by 0.1 per cent, the ring 2 increased by 0.2 per cent, the passenger throughput increased by 19.18 million, or 4.5 per cent, and the ring 2 increased by 2.3 per cent.
G, the same 1.4 per cent increase in planned flights at Shanghai Airport will be maintained at a low rate in the near future, with warmth or a need for a duty-free contract, which discloses details of commercial prices to be released to the Satellite Office.
The growth in corporate q3 seasons is significantly higher than the growth in flows, which we believe is driven mainly by tax-free income. While the growth has declined somewhat after a high increase of more than 30% in the previous period, commercial rental revenue has remained the same.
There is a warranty clause to ensure that the growth rate of non-air operations is maintained. +t1 tax-free new agreement to increase the proportion of international lines and increase profitability: corporate q3 one-quarter operating costs and 4. Commercial liquidity up to one scale, medium-term value
An increase of 4.5 per cent, and an increase of 4.1 pct over the same period. We believe that this is related to an increase in the share of international lines, with an equivalent increase of 9.9 per cent from 2018 to the present, and only 3.7 per cent in the domestic line, leading to an increase in international lines 5.
Tourist rate rises by 1.4 pct. Also, t1 terminal duty-free operations or launch of a new bid agreement, with a significant rate of increase - Shanghai Airport Company Review, 2018.4.27 Investment returns remain negative, and satellite office costs lower the 2020 performance rate: investment returns
q3 The same 20% drop in the single season, or, due to the continuation of the Fund’s investment deficit, self-employed and associated businesses are expected to operate more smoothly.
After a year of high growth, performance has returned to normal. We believe that Shanghai airport is still growing in the medium term (8610) 66216815, with significant investment value.
Together, tax-exempt operations continue to grow at a high rate. After the additional costs are absorbed, net profits are expected to increase over the medium term to 80 Huangyan dollars for a new satellite office. The new tax-exempt agreement is lower than expected and has an unexpected impact.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment