It is expected that the increase in non-air operations will accelerate. The company will achieve business income of $2,396 million in the third quarter, an increase of 13.50 per cent over the previous quarter.
In January-September, at Pudong Airport, passengers' throughput, aircraft landings, mail throughput increased by 6.44 per cent, 1.97 per cent and 0.42 per cent, respectively. Since the fourth quarter of 2017, the total throughput has been under control.
Puhdong Airport has reduced the number of flights at the start-up point by 75% of its capacity, and aircraft landing and landings have slowed down. However, the airline major aircraft replacement strategy, the increase in passenger occupancy, etc., has led to a relatively rapid increase in passenger traffic. According to the new season flight plan, Pudong Airport
Additional flights continue to grow at a low rate, with average daily landings increasing by less than 1%. In the short term, the volume of incremental controls at Pudong airport will continue to affect the flight lift and landing, although passengers are expected to be able to sustain an increase of around 6%, with the opening of the fifth runway at Pudong airport and the launch of the satellite hall.
The non-aerial business will be the highlight of the company's future performance. The international and regional passenger traffic at Pudong Airport will remain the country's number one, the international route for the new winter and spring season will continue to reach more than 50 per cent, and it is expected that more than 50 per cent of incoming and outgoing passengers will be infestationed throughout the year.
A significant increase in the area of commercial leasing operations and the rate of deductions would further increase the level of non-air revenue, which would rise to over 40 per cent, and the non-air operations would further increase the growth of company operations.
Shanghai Airport (60.009) [Symmetrical transit company] 2017-03-06  Resource advantage gives long-term development space and recommends long-term attention
Shanghai Airport: High commercial rental revenue. Shanghai Airport has a privileged geographical location and rich market resources, accompanied by an increase in air passenger traffic, looking for space for non-air business growth.
In particular, there is a steady growth of passengers on international routes, and the airport's non-air operations are expected to continue well.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.