Shenwon shares (002714), with strong performance and excellent support value, released a 2024 full-year financial report, which generated business income of $13.747 billion for the year.
This represents an increase of 24.43 per cent; a net gain of 17.881 billion yuan, an increase of 519.42 per cent in the same year; a net profit of 18.747 billion yuan, an increase of 565.61 per cent in the same year; and an income of 41.17 billion yuan in the first quarter of the fourth quarter, an increase of 47.61 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 7.440 billion yuan in the same year.
405.67 per cent of the company ' s performance was strong (the company achieved a higher net return profit in 24 years than the median performance forecast), with a return to the cycle of birthing pigs and higher prices for the sale of pigs throughout the year, and an improvement in the company ' s own management and efficiency.
The company is the leader of the pig-scale farming industry, and its good management supports the value of the configuration. It sells 1.42 million tons of pork products, including fresh and frozen products.
In January of 25 years, the company produced pigs at a full cost of $13.1/kg, returning to a reasonable level of volatility.
At the same time, the original stockholding represents the head farming enterprise that values and continuously improves its shareholder returns (revision of the equity share in Penghailand in 24 years).
The long-term dividend attributes and the value of the configuration are expected to become more visible.
The future is expected to benefit from a cycle of value sharing. We expect the company to return its share of net profits in 2025-2027.
q1 Q1 cash flows have improved on a year-on-year basis, and good management of the value of achievements - pork consumption prices have fallen short of expectations, epidemic risks, etc. The company’s investments are rated as follows:
The team’s members, who are from the top agricultural institutions in the country, have developed more extensive research experience in large commodities, and have a rich background for industrial investment in areas such as livestock farming, farming, and farming. In the alternative, they will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.