Shenwon shares (002714.sz): 24 years The Shenwon shares increased by 24.43 per cent compared to the previous year, resulting in a net profit of 17.881 billion yuan from the return to the mother, a loss that was reversed during the same period last year.
At the same time, the Department announced a red plan for the distribution of a gold dividend of $5.72 per 10 shares to all shareholders, the country's top priority being the country's largest self-sustaining enterprise.
In 24 years, the company has sold 71.602 million pig farmers, one of the largest in the country, and one of the large-scale, integrated pig-breeding enterprises.
This represents an increase of 12.2% over the same year. The full cost of 25 years has been set at $12/kg. With price increases and cost optimization, the company's pig-breeding business has increased by a lot, and its performance has been reversed throughout the year. We expect a 24-year decline in the average price of 25 years of pig production, but not a single one.
The Department has achieved a robust profit-making period throughout the year, thanks to a sustained and enhanced cost advantage and boosted output. The slaughter has already been profitable for one month, and the profitability is expected to improve.
The continued improvement in the slaughtering business comes from the 52-week stock price range built by the team to optimize and develop customer maintenance, and the company will continue to improve the product and channel structure and strengthen the industry in the future.
Linkage, 25 years to keep the slaughter capacity more than 60%, increasing profitability. Foreign operations and intelligence contributions are new. In 2024, the company entered into a partnership with Baf, a local Vietnamese farm company, with a total equity/flowa share (thousands of shares).
Agreements are made to provide them with technical services, hardware support, training of personnel, etc., to improve the level of farming and management capacity of local pig-breeding enterprises in the south.
Local markets, companies will develop business development approaches in different regions depending on the characteristics of the market. In intellectual applications, the company’s smart software and hardware are used mainly in smart loop control, smart feeding, intelligent breeding, and internal human empowerment. Companies will continuously increase their investment in technological innovation and explore farming industries.
Intelligent applications, enabling the transformation of traditional industries, efficiency gains and cost improvements. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We appreciate the company’s core cost advantages as a pig-breathing business, and its performance is expected to improve continuously with the pig cycle. We expect the company to return to its mother-in-law in 25-27 years.
The source of the financial and intellectual growth of the East (002714.sz): 24 years of profit, 25 years of sustained high-quality development, and the source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Shinwon shares (002714.sz): 24 years of profit and 25 years of sustained high-quality development.
A breakdown of the sub-sectors, such as Xianxyzun, forage, and pet food.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.