The company's research report on multi-area demand has reached the point where the idm tap has benefited from a full-blown domestic power semiconductor idm, using a two-way business model of own product and substitute.
The company is a semiconductor in the country, with its own product focused on power semiconductors, smart sensors, and smart control, and its proxy operations currently have advanced technology platforms and one-stop layouts from masking to sealing. The company’s products include mosfet, igbt, sbd, frd and a range of power management.
ic, downstream coverage of consumption, industrial controls, automobiles, etc. Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): more demand for flowers to drive up the scene, full technical interface of company products
Automobile electronics: Automobiles are moving towards electric, intelligent and network connectivity, whole-car semiconductor usage is increasing + electric motor vehicle penetration is driving up the demand for semiconductor devices, 48v/microcar power component is about $90/car, pure power/plug-in hybrid is $330/car, we measure new energy vehicles in the country
The increase in the market for power devices amounts to $20 billion, and there will be more electronic car demand from vehicle sensors, and the accompanying charger posts, among other things. The electric bicycles, "New country sign" , are replaced by electric bicycles, and lithium seepage.
The components are home-grown as mcu and ipm, and according to industry online statistics, in 2019, less than 12% of white mcu and less than 7% of ipm modules were produced, and the replacement space was huge. Cell phones were fast-filled: 5g switch, power upscaling, uncharged head supply is fast-loaded into “required” products, and it is hoped to pull gan.
Chip demand, with neutral assumptions, we measured global fast-loading market demand at $7 billion in 2023.
According to industrial chain research, domestic head-power semiconductor enterprises have increased the development of high-end products in code layouts.
In addition to upgrading existing production lines, the company plans to expand its capacity by 12 inches.
The idm tap performance meets expectations and continues to benefit from the climate-reflection 2020 - Power Semiconductor Production Lines and Device Covering Lines, which are expected to further establish technological and production lead edges.
The previous round of mosfet price increases, 2017-2018, mainly end-of-pc demand and 8 inch body track analysis, 2020-09-18 line capacity, which we believe to be on the upper side of the half-conductor atmosphere, was counterbalanced by fingerprints and coss.
More robust and sustained, mainly due to the presence of base stations, cars, photovoltaics, mobile phones, etc.
The overall Māori rate increases as a result of the continued improvement in the volume, productization and manufacturing costs.
The industrial landscape is not as good as expected: technology development is not as fast as expected: production capacity is not as good as expected.
1. The domestic power semiconductor idm tap, with its own product driven by proxy, and the 1.1 national lead semiconductor idm enterprise, with its full range of products and wide application, is the domestic semiconductor idm tap, with chip designs, crystal-crystal manufacturing, sealing and testing of the entire industrial chain.
According to data from the China Semiconductor Industry Association, the company was the only semiconductor company in the 10 largest Chinese semiconductor enterprises operating on the idm model until 2018. The company built and operated China’s first 4-inch crystalline production line and its first 6-inch crystalline production line and undertook a number of national priority projects.
As a result, the company has become an influential, integrated semiconductor in mainland China, continuously rated by the Ministry of Trade and Communications as the 100% Chinese e-Info company since 2004. The company’s main business can now be divided into two main lines of business: the product and program (idm model, which focuses on power half-conduct).
In the area of body, intelligent sensors and intelligent control, manufacturing and services (dealing model, crystal circle manufacture, sealing test and masking). The company ' s product design is autonomous, the manufacturing process is manageable, and the technology and manufacturing process capabilities of the products are well developed in the area of separate devices and integrated circuits, leading to the development of advanced specialty processes and serial product lines.
The company is the best power plant in the current domestic product line and is used mainly in electronics, industrial controls, new energy sources, automobile electronics, etc. The company's power semiconductor can be divided into two categories of powerware and poweric. The powerware product consists mainly of mosfet, gbt, sbd, frd, etc.
1.2 Increases in product capitalization rates and upswings, with the overall Māori rate continuously improving. In 2019, the company earned $5,743 million a year, a decline of 8.42 per cent in comparison to the previous year, mainly because the semiconductor industry was expected to benefit from the rise in home-based office equipment and high levels of safe inventory from chip dealers.
In the medium and long term, the post-epidemiology of the epidemic has rebounded across the board, with new demands such as 5 g, auto electron, aiot, etc., and companies will continue to benefit as industry leaders. The business architecture has been adjusted, with a gradual increase in the share of Māori products in the income of the programme’s business portfolio.
With the growing variety of corporate products and brand influence, the share of product portfolios has risen from 30.52 per cent to 44.95 per cent, and the overall business structure has continued to improve. 2020h1, the sales revenue of the powerware industry has increased by 22.31 per cent on the same basis, with the sales of mosfet products increasing by 21.43 per cent and the sales of igbt products increasing.
Business restructuring is expected to continue to raise Māori rates as the industry returns to profitability. In 2016-2018, Māori rates and net interest rate trends increased, affected by industry fluctuations in 2019, the decline in the cost of depreciation amortization of the company throughout the year improved profitability and stable R&D inputs compared to improved company competitiveness.
Continuing high R & D inputs can contribute to product competitiveness and industry barriers compared to remaining at a relatively high level of 7-8%. The management rate for company 2020h1 decreased by 7.33% compared to 2019h1, mainly due to lower employee pay and public costs during the epidemic, while sales costs increased by 5.4% over the same period, mainly due to the increase in the salaries of sales workers and the impact of the epidemic.
Figure 7: Corporate rates 1.3 Large-scale funds support corporate development, chain-based layout improves industrial coordination State emphasis on supporting industry and large-scale funds become major shareholders.
East, with 72.29% shareholding, the actual controlling person is China Huayun Ltd., holding 100% of the shares of China Yun Group (microelectronics) Ltd. The State Treasury Committee of the State Council holds 100% of the shares of China Huayun Limited. The State Consolidated Circuit Investment Fund holds 6.43% of the shares and is the second largest shareholder of the company.
There is a clear division of labour among affiliates, with specific operations covering four main processes in the semiconductor industry: product design, crystal round manufacturing, encapsulation testing, and masking.
\triangleright \triangleright semiconductor. Of these, Hsao Ying and Chongqing are primarily responsible for the development, design, production and sale of separate device products, Hsi, Hsi and Hsieng semiconductor.
The company’s manufacturing and service operations mainly provide services such as semiconductor open crystal round manufacturing, sealing tests, and are operated mainly by the controlling subsidiary Hua Yunhua, Hua Yunxing, Hua Yunsai Mico. China’s main responsibility is the company’s crystal round.
Manufacturing services, Hua Yunxin and Hua Yunsai are primarily responsible for the company’s encapsulation and testing services. In addition, the rial microelectronics are developing panel-level containment technologies. 1.4 High R & D is investing in competitiveness and active high-end products.
In the 7-8% range, R & D inputs are mainly in mosfet, igbt product optimization, capping technology upgrading, third generation semiconductor product development and other technological upgrades, and active national production of semiconductors. The company currently has 707 R & D personnel, focusing mainly on power semiconductors, mems sensors, mcu, and production.
Technology development and innovation, core technicians who have been working in semiconductors for decades, have extensive R & D experience in different technological directions, and have a forward-looking innovation capacity for future technological developments in the industry. Companies are in the lead domestically in power semiconductors, with a large number of core design and process technologies.
The main areas of business have mastered a range of core technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights, most of which are home-grown, with the gull-type sbd design and process technology, optical coupling and sensor series chip design and manufacturing technology, and the bcd process technology leading internationally. These core technologies have matured and are widely applied to corporate products.
According to the project, the company focuses on new and emerging areas such as automobiles, appliances, industrial controls, and the corresponding products are medium- and high-end power devices, pmics, and mems sensors. The company upgrades existing products, develops the igbt product, actively promotes panel-level containment technology, third-generation broadband material power plant technology, processes, etc.
1.5 Deepening the mainland Chinese market, maintaining close cooperation up and down the industrial chain 1.5.1 Stable operation of the national semiconductor materials supply chain
Silicon is the company’s most important raw material, with the top five suppliers of raw materials in 2016-2019h1, accounting for more than 20% of total purchases during the period. The total share of indigenous suppliers in the procurement of raw materials, led by Zhejiang Liang Wei, is 15%, and the nationalization of semiconductor raw materials is steadily increasing.
According to a company offer, the procurement contract that entered into force in 2019 included the supply of light engraved gel to Qinghua, totopcoscientificco., ltd. supply of chemicals to China without tin hua. The Department relies on a variety of raw materials, including silicon, chemicals, fuse frames, plastic seals, etc.
About 70% of the amount of materials purchased. During 2016-2019h1, the volume and percentage of silicon purchases increased significantly, mostly if the 8 inch production capacity released led to a significant increase in the procurement of silicons. 1.5.2 products are of a full variety and downstream clients are the leading areas of breakdown.
Through advanced product technology, rich product types, and good product quality, companies have supplied multiple downstream sub-heading customers. The powerware industry has a high degree of stickyness between upstream and downstream industrial chains, and the downstream application industry has strict requirements for product quality and supplier selection, once the selected powerware product has been tested and certified.
As corporate brands become more visible, it is expected that they will grow at a high rate in the future, in the light of the larger trend of national substitution. 1.5.3 idm+ replacements are more suited to the company’s current development and will be flexible in the future, depending on demand.
For the former, the Fabless companies need to focus only on chip design and sales, and the chip manufacturing seals, etc., are left to proxy plants, so the Fables companies can operate at low cost and light assets, but their disadvantage is that the process synergies are more difficult to optimize than the Idm model.
There is a risk of leakage of design data and a longer product development cycle; for the latter Idm model, firms are required to have a higher technological reserve, sufficient market share, and substantial financial input. Companies have a long-term technological reserve, advanced R & D capabilities, a first market share for local firms, adequate operations
Finance, which currently provides substitute services to the indigenous first semiconductor, idm, but also to the Fabless. The counterpart company’s two business modules, with products and programs using the idm model, and manufacturing and services, with the surrogate business.
Maximizing profits will be flexible in the future, depending on market demand and industry development. The advantage of the idm model in the power semiconductor sector.
The design of products and the development and upgrading of product groups to enhance market competitiveness and build barriers, and companies with the capacity to operate in idm, can be more closely and efficiently linked to the development of manufacturing processes through internal redeployment.
To benefit from the ability of the whole chain to operate, the idm model’s public division can have faster product rotation and stronger production-line alignment than the competitors who run the Fables model. Idm can better harness the advantages of internal integration of resources, improve the efficiency of business management, and reduce product set-up.
Taking into account the time needed to measure production, customize the process more efficiently and flexibly according to the needs of the client. 1.6 Companies raise funds in the order of $4.2 billion, of which $1.5 billion is spent on 8 inches of high-end sensors and power semiconductor construction projects and $600 million
The dollar is used for forward-looking technological and product upgrading research and development, and 300 million yuan for industrial mergers and acquisitions consolidation and the remaining additional operating funds. An additional 5 billion yards of self-owned product containment capability is proposed. The targeted increase is mainly for the power semiconductor containment base project, which is expected to be built over a three-year period, with a total investment of 4.2 billion yuan and a proposed investment of 3.8 billion yuan.
Post-partum, mainly for standard power semiconductor products, advanced panel-grade power products, special power semiconductor products, downstream consumer electronics, industrial controls, auto electrons, 5g, aiot, etc.
2.1 The trend towards high-end national production in power semiconductors is clear 2.1.1 The demand for domestic power semiconductors is strong, and import substitution is the subject of industrial development. Semiconductors products can be divided into integrated circuits, separate devices and other categories, with power semiconductors including taxifiers.
The integrated circuit is the integration of a variety of basic circuit elements into a small chip and then encapsulating it into a multifunctional unit, primarily for the processing, storage and conversion of information; the separate device is a single function of electrical basic components, primarily for the processing and conversion of electrical energy.
The area of power plant applications is extremely wide and is used in almost all electrical electronics manufacturing, including computers, network communications, consumer electronics, automobiles, and industrial electronics. The industry’s future focus is on large demand gaps in new and emerging applications, such as new energy vehicles/charged power posts, smart equipment manufacturing, material networking, and renewable energy generation.
The domestic power semiconductor market is hundreds of billions of yuan. The world’s top 10 firms monopolize 60% of the market. According to ihsmarkit, the global power semiconductor market was about $40.4 billion in 2019, the Chinese market was about $14.4 billion a year, the Chinese market was $21 billion a year, and the market for power semiconductors and modules as a whole accounted for about half of the power semiconductor market.
The power-segregated devices and modular markets, with the top 10 companies except the Anse semiconductor, which was acquired by Sze-Technology, accounted for 19% of all companies abroad, with the leading English flyers accounting for 58.3% of the top 10 combined, with a significant Matthews effect. In China, 60.98%, 20.21%, and 13.92% of the total market of semiconductors were used in the year.
The fastest rate of growth is 15% and 12% in 2016-2018. Several leading firms on the domestic supply side are moving towards medium-to-high-end applications, with ongoing improvements in product variety, device performance and crystal-crystal manufacturing and sealing capacity, as well as orderly national production substitution.
2.1.2 Increased demand for semiconductor vehicle power is driven by the policies on motor motorization and new national tenders The overall development of the traditional automobile industry towards electricization, intelligence and network connectivity, with an overall increase in the use of semiconductor vehicles and an increase in field penetration in the market for electric vehicles The increasing demand for semiconductor devices in vehicles is driven by a higher number of types of electronic vehicles, depending on the area of application
They are divided into auto electronic control systems, vehicle-mounted electronics, etc.: they can be classified as sensors, controllers, implementers, etc. By use. The corresponding semiconductor elements can be divided into power, processors, sensors, storage, etc. Since electric vehicles have introduced electric power systems as power sources, the power control system costs are increased, leading to a power semiconductor list.
Increase in vehicle value. Depending on the pattern, 48v/Micro hybrid power component use is approximately $90/car, and pure electric power/plug-in hybrid power component use is $330/vehicle.
1% increase, but penetration is expected to increase at a policy-driven rate. We measure the sales of China ' s new energy vehicles in 2025.
The power-increment market is projected to reach $12.5 billion in 2025 and $22.5 billion in 2030. The electric second-wheeler market, driven by policy, will enter the landscape for the next three to five years, and the retention market replacement + lithium power penetration will drive power plant demand.
National criteria (gb17761-2018) were published and enforced on April 15, 2019. New country markers limit the parameters of the electric bicycles to speed limits, weight limits, cellular voltage, which directly results in a large stock, electric two-wheeler vehicles need to be replaced, and lithium batteries with lighter weights and higher energy density under parameters become lead.
Acid battery replacement is preferred, lithium battery power mosfet is higher, and according to industrial research, lithium power mosfet is about 10 dollars higher than lead-acid bicycles. According to the Chinese Bicycling Association, in 2019 we sold more than 35.92 million electric bicycles per year.
According to the China Industrial Information Network, in 2019, China produced 6.15 million lithium electric bicycles, accounting for 17.1% of the total electric bike production, and will continue to move as the new logo and lithium costs decrease. We have 300 million electric bicycles, and about 70% of the new national standard does not meet the requirements, replacing the superbicycles.
The transition period will boost the demand for new vehicles. Assuming that 50% of the holdings will be replaced between 2020 and 2024, that the entire weight of the new country will be kept below 55 kg, and that lithium batteries with lighter weights and higher energy density will become the mainstream choice for electric cars, accelerating the penetration rate of lithium electric vehicles.
The value of bicycle bikes rose from $20 to about $30. We measure the annual market demand for motorsfet over the next three to five years.
The charger post plus the new energy vehicle is similar to the traditional fuel truck plus the gas station, and the construction of the charger post is developed in conjunction with the new energy vehicle, otherwise it can create an imbalance in the car. The charger post can be divided into two categories by type of interface: slow communication and straight flow fast charge. Because of the high output power of the directly current charger post, the power of the semiconductor device is higher than the exchange charge.
The main direction for industrial development is the future trend in the country’s caps market: 1) the current charger’s holdings are about 3:1. The expected future is expected to fall further to 2:1.2 Most of the private piles are in exchange charge mode, as part of the owner’s fleet.
Without fixed parking spaces, difficulties in property management, etc., it is expected that the future public recharge pegs will be mainstream and that private pings will be limited to owners of fixed spaces. 3) The current public stump/trench ratio is about 6:4 and the expected peg/trench ratio is expected to move to 1:1 as the cost of direct chargers of high power is gradually reduced.
Figure 31: China ' s grid development model can be divided into direct currents and exchanges by type of charge, of which a direct stream is expected to be the fastest growing part in the future. The current ratio of public direct flows to exchange poles is expected to reach 1:1 in 2030.
Direct charge is based on a high-power charge, and the system uses more power semiconductors than general mode of communication, with very high demand for power devices. Based on cost assumptions alone, we measure the cumulative demand for power tools for the construction of a direct-power charge pillar over the next 10 years.
Figure 32: In China, with the advent of the 2.2aiot age for all types of charge-stamp holdings, intelligentization drives high-speed growth in the demand for mems sensors, usually by sensor modules, microcontrolr modules, wireless communication modules and power management modules
It consists of four parts. It consists of simulated sensor perception state data, which are transmitted through the a/d model converter to the microcontrolor for storage and processing. Finally, the transceiver receives the data from the microcontrol module and transmits them through the network to the remote data collection platform.
With the advent of the aiot era, where sensors interact with real environmental perceptions, market demand will grow as applications become more abundant. Consumption, medical treatment and automobiles in the global market for mems are three major applications, accounting for 26.87%, 13.19% and 18.08%, respectively.
The global market for mems sensors is projected to grow at a combined rate of 32.6 per cent over the next five years, with consumption, medical treatment, global market demand for cars expected to reach $111.4, 10.4 and $2.6 billion in 2025.According to Ji Yeon, the market for mems in 2019 reached $60 billion and is expected to reach 2021
China’s mems market is dominated by foreign manufacturers, and the dominant advantages are evident in manufacturing skills, product useful life, and precision, with the top five of them being, respectively, Bosin, Bosin, Imitation Semiconductor, Texas instrument, qorvo. Domestic market demand is based on pressure sensors, radio frequency mems, and micromics.
Figure 37: Share of products in the global mems market in 2019
Sensors are the largest segmented market in the mems sensor industry, and the automobile sector is the most applied market. The market size of the mems pressure sensors in 2018 was 11,660 million yuan. A compound increase of 8.88 per cent is projected for 2018-2021, the market size of the 2021 market will reach 15 billion yuan.
The future driving force of China’s mems pressure sensor market is mainly in the areas of automobiles, consumption, and medical health. In the electronics sector, as environmental policies and safety requirements are raised, the gasoline machine granule filter, the tire pressure monitoring system, and so forth.
There is still significant scope for growth, such as side airbags, scr urea injection systems; consumption, powered by mobile phones, wearable equipment, air pressure in electronic smoke, etc.; in the medical field, blood pressure and respiratory surveillance are the most important applications of mems pressure sensors.
Because the mems sensor has a very high degree of process customization, the design and manufacturing process requires a great deal of experience and a long learning curve. In the design process, the mems sensor requires a multi-disciplinary combination of mechanics, materials, physics, etc. Specialisation functions to test the build-up of the manufacturer's experience. In manufacturing, the mems sensor system.
The process of crystal round manufacturing and encapsulation is complicated by the use of non-conventional special processes. High-end mems sensors are very much in need of technological accumulation at the design, manufacturing and manufacturing levels, and the Idm model is suitable for manufacturers to accumulate technology to build moat rivers, so most of the top mems manufacturers around the world operate on the Idm model.
The company has the largest coms-compatible mems sensor production line in the country and has autonomously developed multiple mems surfaces and silicon processing technologies with domestic leadership levels for the production of mems sensors such as pressure, silicon microphones, photoelectricity, temperature humidity, etc., with the overall technology leading the country.
2.3 Changes in the frequency of household electricity, high market demand, and medium- and long-term development of the company have led to a trend towards the domesticization of 2.3.1 appliances and components of pmic, mcu and ipm. There has been a marked improvement in energy efficiency, performance and smart control compared to traditional home appliances, smart appliances.
The trend in the frequency of electrical transformation is reflected mainly in the use of electrically expensive appliances such as air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, etc. The use of ipm to adjust power grids and frequencies leads to multi-slot turn-overs. The demand for mcu and power management is also increasing with the diversification of home-to-house functions, integration and distribution.
(i) Power management, i.e., power management, i., is a chip in the electronic equipment system responsible for switching, distributing, testing and other electrical energy management, so that the voltage should remain within the limits of the equipment's affordability requirements.
Equipment voltage is in an affordable range, excessive voltage changes may be harmful to electronics, so it is widely used, and power management is basically used only where it is used. As complex electronic systems are demanding more voltage and current water, and the need to isolate the system from the power source, the simulation for power management will be maintained.
The size of the global power management chip market will continue to grow at a high rate.
The market size will reach $56.5 billion, with a composite growth rate of 10.69% in 2018-2026, and the mainland Chinese market will be the biggest engine of growth in the future. According to the Chinese semiconductor industry association, the size of the domestic power pipeline chip market has been growing from $52 billion to $72 billion in 2015-2019, and is expected to grow this year.
Continuing to grow to 78.1 billion yuan. Figure 43: Global market size of power managementic (US$ billion) Top five share of global power managementic market is foreign, with a combined share of more than 70 per cent, exclusive of Texas instruments
21%, followed by high access and adi. With the local modeling of the products of the ic design company obtaining customer approval and import substitution demand, domestic power-management chip manufacturers are gradually replacing the share of foreign suppliers in some supply chains.
The largest downstream application area of pmic in 2018 is consumer electronics, with a market size of $9.7 billion, which is expected to reach $10.3 billion in 2024. (2) mcu and ipm modules
mcu, fully known as microcontrollunit, also known as single-share machines, is a combination of computer cpu, ram, rom, time counters and multiple i/o interfaces on a chip, the specifications and frequency are reduced to form chip-grade computers with different combination controls for different applications.
The core of smart equipment in the life network age, where the market is growing faster. Mcu is at the heart of all embedded systems, and with the advent of the life network age, the core of mcu is becoming more and more important in terms of the need for real-time, efficient and intelligent information processing, on the one hand, and the ability to exchange information with other equipment, on the other hand, making the market right.
The demand of mcu is accelerating. ihs data show that the Chinese market reached 25.6 billion yuan in 2019, with projected growth rates of 5 per cent, 7 per cent, and 9 per cent in 2020, 21 and 22, respectively, and is expected to reach close to 32 billion yuan in 2022. According to aspencore, China ' s most important application area in 2019 was electricity and consumer electronics.
This compares to 26%, followed by computer networks and automobiles, which account for 18% and 16% respectively. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the top five suppliers in the global mcu market in 2019 were foreign-owned enterprises, accounting for more than 80% of the total, with Risa accounting for 31% of the world’s share of electronics and Eng Ji Pu accounting for 28%.
The top nine firms in the market are all foreign-owned, and domestic-owned firms are mainly involved in intermediate electronics and oscillating innovation, with a combined share of less than 5% and a potential national alternative space.
The igbt is a combination of gtr and mosfet, driven by mosfet, so that igbt has both. The system ' s reliability is greatly enhanced not only by reducing the size of the system, but also by the ease with which it is used, through the integration of logic, control, detection and protection of circuits within ipm.
Figure 52: Typical transformer ipm encapsulates multiple components into modules Figure 53: Example of a variantr ipm application for air conditioning. We are the largest white home power production base in the world, accounting for about 60-70% of global white power capacity.
With regard to household power penetration, 61% air conditioners, 49% washing machines, and 46% refrigerators. According to English flyer data, the value of non-moderated to variable-frequency household semiconductors has been raised from $0.79 to $10.67, and the new standard for household energy efficiency has been driving an increasing demand for ipm.
We have a low national production rate for white-electric semiconductor devices, and a huge replacement space for home-grown mcu and ipm modules. According to industry online data, in 2019, the national production rate for white-electric mccu was less than 12%, and the ipm module was not.
At 7%, dependence on imports of components abroad is high. In 2020, sales patterns in the core supply chain of China’s cold and warm industry will amount to 220 million pieces, an increase of more than 20% in the same year, and the volume of mcu sales will reach 456 million pieces, a slight increase in the same figure.
Figure 56: White ipm national production structure 2019 2.3.2 High demand for wired and fast-growing materials with the potential to fuel the growth of third-generation semiconductor materials, with the continued enrichment and upgrading of mobile phone performance and applications, limited battery capacity expansion techniques and user experience priorities
The ability to cruise is severely limited, and fast-loading technologies, mainly by reducing the amount of time charged by raising currents or voltage, significantly reduce the discomfort caused by the long waiting period for charging. There are currently high-access, high-voltage low-flow solutions introduced by UNDG, low-voltage high-voltage currents used by China, oppo, etc.
Mobile cellular plants have introduced high-power fast-filled products, which have now reached 100 watts. The 10-to-higher 10 mills of mills carry 120w fast-charge technology, which innovatively uses graphite as the base to accelerate the rate of lithium ion exchange.
120w fast charge technology reduces internal resistance and heats the machine by combining an improved double charge pump, 6c core and arrayed polar ear. Oppo also achieves a higher power of 125w super fast charge through technological improvements.
As power rises, silicon-based semiconductor performance gradually falls short of market demand, and the wide-banded semiconductor material nitride is favoured. The use of silicon material within 30w meets the demand for a chip, and the use of a nitrified silicon chip in the 30-100w range begins.
The cellular fast-filling chain is divided into fast-loading programs, charger modules, cellular end chips, and in charge head, it has a gan chip, a passive chip, a protocol chip, and a control chip. Benefiting from the advantage of low-frequency depletion of the nitrified antimony device, it increases charge efficiency, reduces heat, and effectively shrinks.
Short charge times are accompanied by a further reduction in the size and weight of the adaptor, which makes it easier to carry. While nitrogenated thallium chargers have the advantages of small, efficient and low heat, nitrous thallium chargers are relatively expensive because of technical, good rates, etc.
Mobile operators, represented by Mi, including Hua, Oppo, Realme, Samsung, Nubian, Qi, etc., have entered the nitrous thorium fast-loading market, relying on brand sticky, 5g high-capacity features and cellular retrenchment.
According to a recent news report on 9 December, Samsung after the apple also cancelled the free supply of the labeled caps, considering his position as the leader of the Andres cell phone camp, the opening of his Andres market will have a major impact on other cell phone manufacturers. The cancellation of the caps will have a major impact on other mobile operators.
Andre's mobile phone manufacturers are getting more exciting, and Andre's mobile phone is always less profitable than apples, and the elimination of chargeheads will save more and raise profits, and we think there will be more follow-up. With a 5g switch-of-mechanism trigger, people buy charge heads more strongly than they choose for power, and ggan's high-power charge head products are expected to benefit in the long run.
Fig. 60: In April 2020, the gan chip was the most valuable part of the fast-filled widgets. For example, Mi-nitrogenated thorium 65w charger, the product was sold at 149 dollars at the Skycat Flagship, with two nano semiconductor nv6115 and nv6117 chips on board.
The minimum offer from the distributors totals around $50, or about one third of the sales price. gan ' s head charge demand driver is mainly three points: 1) 5g tides have created a large demand for replacement of new machines, and 5g cellular power has contributed to fast-loading as "just-in-demand"; 2) mobile phone manufacturers have cancelled head charge supply and forced new machine users
Purchase of chargers; 3) More horizontally compatible electronic devices to upgrade the range and value of charge head applications in addition to mobile phones Mobile phones fast-load all gn chip market core assumptions: 1) only 5g mobile phone users give priority to g charge head; 2) over $3,000 users account for about 20-25% of the total, and have the ability and willingness to purchase higher prices gan
Products; 3) The price will continue to fall in the future on the assumption that the value of each caped gan chip in 2020 will be $55; 4) Under optimistic, neutral and pessimistic assumptions, 35%, 25%, and 15% of the new 5g consumer chooses gan to charge the head. On the basis of neutral assumptions, we estimate the global mobile phone market in 2023 at $7 billion.
The domestic market is $4 billion. 2.4 generation capacity and long-term experience build-up are undervalued hidden wealth, 2.4.1 power semiconductor cores of unique processes, and the landscape increases productivity utilization.
The core competitiveness of the power semiconductor is due to the maturity, stability, diversity of the manufacturing processes. The power semiconductor adheres to the characteristic processes, i.e., the value of the device is not entirely reduced in size, but increased by function. The high power semiconductor touches the envm, bicoms, rfcoms, bcd, mems, etc.
Art is a non-size-dependent process. Compared to a linearly based logical process, the competitive power of a unique process is more complex and complex, including multiple dimensions of processes, products, services, platforms, etc. Companies are at the forefront in the area of specialty processes and are now developing six distinct processes combinations, including:
The company will continue to focus in the future on analogue power and intelligent sensor semiconductor manufacturing, and on the market for deep-farm simulation power and intelligent sensor products.
At present, major global power semiconductor companies are using the Idm model, where resources and product combinations can be better deployed, downstream user needs can be followed up in a timely manner and differentiated services provided, while the Division also needs to continue to invest in technological and product innovation to meet client customization requirements and move towards technology overlap and accumulation.
The production of the company crystal circle has been able to expand steadily, with 3 6-inch lines totalling approximately 2.47 million units per year; an annual production capacity of approximately 730,000 tin-free 8-inch lines, with a slight expansion this year; an annual production of about 600,000 units per year in Chongqing 8-inch lines, which is currently planned to expand from 57,000 to 62,000 units per month; and a current production capacity of 1,000 units per month in the 6-inch sic commercial line, with a major product of 650,200 vshotsky.
The company's 12-inch line is used mainly for power semiconductor products and is expected to start at the latest by the end of 2021. 5g, new energy sources, consumption, etc., promote the up-scaling of power devices, domestic enterprises actively expand their capacity, and companies have near-full capacity utilization.
Mostly diodes, mosfet. In order to meet the country’s rapidly growing market demand, the new construction and design lines are dominated by crystals of 6 inches or more, with the corresponding products igbt and mosfet. According to the company’s show, the company’s capacity has rebounded since 2019, and the current capacity of 6 inches is more than 90% and 8 inches.
The company’s depreciation amortization costs have gradually declined, contributing to the long-term improvement of Māori.
The old amortization is $709 million. The overall rate of new production is currently 21.2 per cent, with three 6-inch lines newer than 2.4.2 product restructuring and nationalization, and the importance of the back-way sealing chain is becoming more evident by dividing the power semiconductor sealing form into different subcategories, depending on the scope of work and functional integration.
Medium- and high-power applications are more inclined to use modules, and the encapsulation process and structure are more complex because of the need to achieve multiple electrical interconnections, taking into account high temperature failure and heat radiation; low-power separation devices have a simple envelope structure, gradually transitioning to embedded containment technology; and higher functional integration capacityic and ipm is due to small size, low power, low containment
The industrial sector is still the main application of the power module, with the emergence of new energy vehicles as the main driving force of the trend towards modularization of power devices, while also contributing to the development of advanced containment technologies.
Power devices are more focused on reliability, product life, extreme environmental stability, etc., and the importance of sealing is raised. Companies have built their entire industrial chain layouts without tin, Shenzhen, Dong-jung, Chongqing after traditional ic seals, powerware envelopes, high power modular envelopes, advanced panel covers, silicon & photo-sensor seals, and finished product tests.
Production bases, quality systems, extensive use of products in such areas as black and white household electricity, communications, industrial controls, and automobiles. There's a masked production line with an annual capacity of about 24,000 units without Zion.
In 2018, the sales volume of the corporate masking business accounted for about 27% of the total sales of the domestic photo masks, with the company ranked first among the domestic firms in terms of market ownership, the largest domestic bunkering system in the country today. The company has an encapsulation-testing line in tinless and Shenzhen, with a capacity of about 6.2 billion annually.
The company plans to centralize the available power semiconductor, the containment test resources, and to raise no more than $5 billion through targeted additional funds to be added to the new Si Yongwa Electronics Park in Chongqing.
Construction of a semiconductor containment base to further upgrade the technology and manufacturing capabilities of the containment testing process. This time, the additional containment capacity will correspond to 60-70% of the own product, a lower proportion of the outer packaging, and increased product differentiation will also reduce the cost of containment.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals. Large trends in household electricity, consumer electronics, and domestic production substitution.
2) The continued increase in the Māori ratio of product and programme operations, short-term benefits from capacity shortages leading to price increases, long-term benefits from restructuring of corporate products, and lower costs of high- and medium-end products (e.g., igbt, moss, sic diodes, etc.) as a result of rising prices and new encapsulations.
3) Manufacturing and service operations benefit from the maturity of line depreciation and high capacity utilization, Māori rates are expected to be sustained, with current semiconductor landscape cyclical upswings, high downstream demand for new energy vehicles, consumer electronics, domestic electricity, etc., short-term capacity oversupply and price increases from silicon tablets to product-wide chains; the medium- and long-term benefits will be derived from completion rates.
Upgrade, new customer outreach and higher Māori product share: the decrease in depreciation of the company’s line of output has led to a decline in fixed costs The last round of the mosfet price increase cycle from 2017 to 2018, mainly end-of-pc demand and 8 inch of line capacity, with fingerprints and coss squeezing of the imbalance, we believe this is a more dynamic and sustainable half-conductor scenario.
The short- and medium-term benefits of short-lived production capacity have led to price increases across the chain, as well as long-term benefits from high- and medium-end product release, product upgrading and continuous changes in manufacturing costs The semiconductor industry has a less-than-expected outlook: product and technology development and imports are less advanced than expected: capacity utilization is less than expected
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.