Power idm domestic leader, third generation semiconductor opening up room for growth Investment rating: buy in (first time) 1 company ' s core competitive advantage;
2. The short- and medium-term growth drivers of the company;
1. Product+manufacturing in tandem: domestic power idm tap, power source number one, crystal circle construction number three. The product end consists mainly of mosfet, igbt, sbd and power ic.
The company relies on its own crystal mills and full power lines to continuously raise the income ratio of its products and upgrade its internal product structure (exploitation).
To igbt, sic power devices, etc., to improve profitability while actively capturing power semiconductors, changes and opportunities within the industry, with a strong core competitiveness. 2, mosfet short-term high-profile, long-term space: company power devices are now mosfet
Major (8.7 per cent of the country ' s 20 billion space cities, top domestic capital), since the second quarter of this year, the epidemic has hampered the logistics of high demand for pens and pcs and limited industrial capacity in overseas countries, the price of the eight-inch crystal round of company-owned products, pmic, mosfet, etc., has continued to rise, and China has been able to rely on proxy workers and self-contained product models.
, which maximizes the benefits of this wave power semiconductor upwind cycle. Research assistant: Liu body strength 3 and third generation semiconductor sic forward-view layout, opening up future growth space: the company has a mature crystal circle
The production line, the development of a broad ban, has a pre-emptive advantage: at present, Hua Yum has the first 6-inch commercial sic crystalline production line in the country and will produce 650 v/1200vsic diode products officially and will be pushed out of sicinos in 2021, in the third generation semiconductor area, from products, technology to the manufacture of whole industry chains.
In the long term, the Bureau will benefit fully from an industrial growth dividend of more than 10 times that of the third generation semiconductor.
Hua Yunwa is the head of the domestic power idm, which replaces the national product of the fully beneficial semiconductor.
Report on the Huaann Securities_Power Semiconductor System (III): Third Generation Semiconductor Industry Depth Report: The Star of Tomorrow's Epidemic Growth 2020-09-19
Low demand for power semiconductor downstream; underdevelopment of new products; downside macroeconomic; high-quality domestic semiconductor idm tap 1.1 Business focus: Deep-farm semiconductor entire chain over 30 years
China’s leading semiconductor enterprise, with the ability to integrate the entire industrial chain, such as chip design, crystal round manufacturing, and seal testing, is one of China’s first semiconductor companies. The company’s products focus on power semiconductors, smart sensors, and smart control areas, providing customers with a wealth of semiconductor products and system solutions.
According to data from the Chinese Semiconductor Association, in sales terms, the company ranked 10th in the list of semiconductor enterprises in mainland China in 2018, and was the only one in the top 10 companies with an idm model.
The company was the pioneer of China’s semiconductor, which incorporated Chinese semiconductors, such as Huaco Electronics, China’s Hua Jing, and China’s technology. The company and its affiliates built and operated China’s first four-inch crystalline production line and the first six-inch crystal circle production line.
Since 2004, the Ministry of Information and Communications has been rated China's Electronics Company as China's top electronics company. In sales terms, the company ranked tenth among China's semiconductor companies in 2018, the largest power plant in the country.
1.2 Lead position: the largest mosfet manufacturer in the country, currently in the company’s main business, can be divided into two main lines of business: product and programme, manufacturing and services.
The main areas covered are power semiconductors, smart sensors, and smart controls, where power semiconductors are large, accounting for about 90% of product operations, and smart sensors and smart controllers, which are currently small. The power semiconductors can be divided into two types of power devices and poweric.
The company’s industry position is 1: the most powerful devices are collected domestically. The company’s power semiconductor has the largest share of mosfet, and in 2018 it earned approximately $2.17 billion in X-ray power devices (part of power semiconductor revenue is power).
The Chinese semiconductor industry association statistics show that in 2018, the powerware industry and its sales companies were in the first position: mosfet. If you look at mosfet alone, the company is the country.
The most profitable and full-product series of mosfet manufacturers are currently a small number of enterprises in the country that can provide low, medium- and high-pressure series of mosfet products in the range of 100v to 1500v, as well as the main ones in the country that currently have the capacity to develop and manufacture all mainstream mosfet devices.
Mos, vdmos, etc., can meet the needs of different customers and different applications. According to ihsmarkit, the company is ranked third in the Chinese market in terms of sales, after two international companies, British and Ansommy, the largest mosfet factory in mainland China.
Businesses. In 2018, China’s market share of market sales was as follows: Company’s industry position 3: at the manufacturing end, the company is the country’s top three home-grown crystal-crystal manufacturing enterprise. The company is in the lead in terms of its unique manufacturing process technology. The company currently owns three 6-inch crystalline production lines and two 8-Eels.
With regard to the Māori rate, the company has a greater profitability for domestic production, with a 27.3 per cent Māori ratio in the first half of 2020, compared to the same period last year.
Figure 8 National layout of the microline: 1.3 model: the Idm model provides core competitiveness. There are two main business models in the semiconductor industry: idm and vertical division of labour. For semiconductor products
For companies, the application of the Idm model is more demanding for enterprise technology, finance and market share; the application of the Fables model in the vertical division of labour model focuses only on chip design and marketing in the industrial chain and is relatively effective in controlling inputs and costs. Under the vertical division of labour model, the Fabless firms can effectively control costs and capacity.
Special semiconductor products, such as high-pressure power semiconductors, mems sensors, radio frequency circuits, etc., are developed as an integrated technological activity involving a combination of product design and process development. The Idm model will build up in the long term in the combination of R & D and production, and will benefit technological sedimentation and production.
In addition, the Idm enterprise has the advantage of internal integration of resources. Within the Idm enterprise, it takes a short period of time from the chip design to manufacture, does not need silicon validation, does not have process docking problems, thus accelerating the time of new products, and can also be customized to the client's needs in a more efficient way.
Markets and business demand are innovative at all stages of the industrial chain. To benefit from the company’s ability to run a whole-of-the-business chain, firms are able to have faster product rotations and stronger production lines than competitors operating the Fables model.
In 2018, the world’s top ten power semiconductor manufacturers were operating on the Idm model. The company’s product and programme plates were operating on the Idm model, mainly because of the increased need for products such as power semiconductors.
To design R & D in close combination with manufacturing processes and encapsulation processes, the Idm business model can better integrate internal resource advantages, better benefit sedimentation technologies, and create product clusters. In summary, the adoption of the Idm business model by companies can lead to the following important competitive advantages: 1) as ownership
idm companies, where product design and manufacturing process R & D can be more closely and efficiently linked through internal redeployment; 2) benefit from the company's ability to operate across the whole industry chain and compete against the Fables model, where firms can have faster product rotation and stronger production-line matching capacity; 3) based on the idm model
In this way, companies can make better use of the advantages of internal integration of resources, improve the efficiency of operations management, reduce the time required for product design to volume production, and (4) customize more efficient and flexible special processes to meet customer needs, and be more closely aligned with market and business needs to innovate at various levels of the industry chain.
The company's first and second largest shareholders are the Hua Yu Group and the National Integrated Circuit Fund, which are key State-owned enterprises directly regulated and led by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council.
Two times, “re-engineering” has led to the emergence of a diversified group of industry-centred holdings covering five business areas: large consumption, large health, urban construction and operations, energy services, science and technology and finance, with a total asset of more than $140 billion, and in 2019, the wealth world was ranked 80th.
Figure 11 The operational layout of the company's products has a wide range of applications, combined with the diversity of the company's business scenes, and the future is expected to unleash synergies in the areas of house-wide intelligence, intelligence, health and so on, taking advantage of the group's deep resources and background.
1.5 Client quality: full area layout, wide distribution of clients, long history, national brand image, good quality control, advanced product technology and services provide a solid client base for the Division. Corporate clients cover a number of terminals such as industry, automobiles, consumer electronics, communications, etc.
There is a vast diversity of clients. In keeping with its home-grown and differentiated business concept, companies have a profound understanding of the needs of users in different fields of specialization and can provide clients with professional, efficient, high-quality and high-value products and services that ensure higher customer stickyness.
The company now has a world-renowned domestic and foreign client base, products, and programmes that are widely used in different end areas, with high market recognition. At the same time, the company provides manufacturing and service support to well-known semiconductor enterprises in the country and abroad.
Two more important downstream clients, for example: diodesincorporateed: a company listed by NASDAQ in the United States (listed code: diod), a leading industry.
Global manufacturers and suppliers of specific standard products with high-quality applications cover a wide range of areas, including independent, logical, analogue and hybrid semiconductor markets. The markets for diodes services include consumer electronics, computers, communications, industry and automobile markets.
Mostinternational,ltd: is a company listed by NASDAQ in the United States (market code: mpwr) and a service provider for high-quality industrial applications, telecommunications infrastructure, cloud computing, automobile and consumer electronics products, applications and designs.
The US accounts for only about 5% of total sales revenue, which is relatively low, and is relatively manageable by the impact of trade warfare and tariffs. China’s rich product lines, broad-based and comprehensive customers, provide a good basis for the company’s long-term development.
1.6 Financial analysis: profits are released and the company’s revenues and profits are growing steadily. The company’s revenues are raised from $4.4 billion in 2016 to its rights in 2018, and Chongqing’s main product is a power semiconductor, and after acquisition, the company’s power semiconductor product has grown in size and competitiveness.
In 2019, the semiconductor as a whole suffered from a low level of mobility, reduced downstream demand, reduced the company’s capacity utilization to 80%, and a slight drop in its income to $5.7 billion. 429 million yuan, $401 million dollars, and a significant increase in net profits in 2018, mainly from the company’s 8-inch production line and the company’s Chongqing logo.
The depreciation amortization amount is expected to remain low and flat. Earlier in the construction of the company’s 6-inch line, depreciation has been completed for the base, the 8-inch line was re-established in 2011, and the 2018 period eight years later was largely at the end of the depreciation.
The profit end was also released as a result of the reduction in depreciation in 2018, the fund-raising project has not yet been re-established, Chongqing has 12 inches of cooperative production outside the listed companies, and there are old lines of companies that have generally maintained a flat cost level for the last three years until the collection of 8 inches. The financial cost rate is closer to zero, and the other periods are more expensive.
Rates declined in 2020, showing higher incomes and relatively lower rates at a high temperature, which is also the basis for the greater flexibility of profits of idm+ millers at a time of industry. – Marketing rates – management rates – R& D rates – financial costs
The medium- and long-term growth drivers of 2 companies are clear. 2.1 Growth drivers.
The company's production of crystal-crylic manufacturing business, pure surrogates, from 2017 to 2019, has been moving rapidly on both the company's two-legged, surrogate and product operations, respectively: At the surrogate, the company has continued to promote technological upgrading of the mems and advanced bcd processes and to enhance the poor technology.
Divergent. The integrated technical capability of the 0.18um bcdg3 process platform was further upgraded in the first half of this year, with the development of high-performance, high-pressure power and high-reliability bcdd technologies at its core. The 0.11m bcd technology has initiated pre-research work to import 600vsoi technology platform product validation.
With an industrial advantage, the 8-inch silicon mic process product has been successfully validated, and 6-inch high-confident as opposed to silicon mic output has been well produced. At the end of the product, the powerware community actively expands the distribution of industrial controls and auto electronics, the focus vehicle vehicle load, the body motor control, and auto control areas such as ups, server drivers, welders and 5g network power sources.
New product creation development, customer delivery and volume supply; integrated circuit enterprise to enhance market and customer outreach, power drive and power-management-related products imported into branded home customers, smoke alarm sensor products stabilized on brand customers, PV products entered a steady period of cooperation with large customers.
The 600v smart power module has been marketed to accommodate a wide range of direct flowless electric machine applications. Products such as battery management systems, in the first half of this year, have also been actively adapting market strategies, increasing the spread and substitution of superior products, and achieving reverse growth of more than 20% in the first half of the year.
The share of future idm operations will continue to rise, thus improving overall profitability. 2020h1, under the drive of the epidemic, companies seize opportunities to replace national production, raise market penetration rates, boost product and programme business development, and corporate product and programme sales revenue in the first half of the year amounted to $1,369 million, or 44.95 per cent, up from the same period last year.
1.55 percentage points, the share of corporate product and programme portfolio income is higher than the continuing innovation. We believe that the company's long-term strategy of increasing manufacturing levels while continuously increasing the product and programme share will improve revenue until such enabling projects as 8 inches of fund-raising and 12 inches of in vitro cooperation reach the intended level of serviceability.
2.2 Growth drivers II: mosfet high + the share of national production in replacement upgrades, which is driven in the short and medium term by the growth of the mosfet industry and the growing share of companies in the market. From a market space perspective, the global forecast for 2020 is $7.9 billion.
The market for gold mosfet, of which China accounted for 40% of the $6.7 billion global market in 2017 and about $2.7 billion, is expected to have a market space of $3.16 billion, or 22.1 billion rmb, based on 40% still in 2020.Mosfet is widely applied downstream, mainly in consumer electronics, automobiles, industrial electronics, and new energy vehicles.
New and emerging areas such as car/charged posts, manufacturing of smart equipment, networking of things, and new photovoltaic energy. Downstream applications in figure 20 mosfet, with a specific share downstream, the global market for mosfet accounts for 30%, 30%,
Industry and medicine accounted for 20 per cent, consumer electronics (including household electricity) for 21 per cent, computers for 15 per cent, communications for 5 per cent; domestic mosfet accounted for 32 per cent of cars, industry and medicine for 26 per cent, consumer electronics for 22 per cent, computers for 8 per cent, and communications for 8 per cent (the left figure is the composition of the global market and the right is the composition of the domestic market).
The company is the largest mosfet manufacturer in the country, and the city’s share is expected to rise gradually. As mentioned earlier, in 2018, the country’s mosfet market was about 18.3 billion (Change Microbills), of which the mosfet earns about 1.6 billion, accounting for 8.7% of the country’s mosfet market space, ranked third, followed by British and British revenues of 5.2 billion (Municipal Markets).
28.4 per cent and Ansomé 3.1 billion (16.9 per cent). (Note: There is no Anse semiconductor in the map, since the current market of the Anse semi-carrier mosfet is mainly abroad.) Hua Yum Wei is a series of low-, medium- and high-pressures within the range of 100 v to 1500v available in the country.)
Businesses that produce mosfet products are also the main players in the country that currently have all the mosfet mainstream equipment structure development and manufacturing capabilities, and there is scope for a further increase in the current rate of 8.7% of municipalities. And, according to the recent situation in the mosfet industry, a high-profile cycle is under way:
On the supply side, the country's mosfet product is currently based mainly on the 8-inch semiconductor power device process, with only a few companies, such as China Rainbow, China Rin, China Cube International, with mature 8-inch power device chip replacement capabilities and a more stable overall capacity, while fingerprint recognition, increased number of cameras, etc., have been applied since 2019.
The initial fingerprint identification chip and the cis demand have increased significantly, the chips have taken up a large amount of 8 inches of chip proxy capacity, and the number of pmics applied in the 5g mobile phone will increase significantly, which has created a squeeze on the mosfet chip proxy capacity, thus creating a more stressful supply; this year's wave of three-fold outbreaks has also affected overseas mosfet manufacturers.
(b) On the demand side, mobile phones are charged, consumer electronics such as type-c interfaces, and two-wheeled electric power vehicles (Change is in China).
This market dominates), the share of electric bicycles, the new energy vehicle phev/ev (mosfet plays an important role in power control systems such as electric motor motors, electric power-propelled transitions and electrical brakes, as well as power changes such as battery management systems), the rapid development of downstream applications such as lighting, superpositioning of pc processors, etc.
The replacement of products such as graphic cards, the significant increase in the use of mosfet in the country, the impact of the epidemic on overseas counterparts, which has resulted in the optimization of the short- and medium-term pattern, the crowding of cis and pmic into the mosfet 8-inch crystal capacity, while the demand for mosfet remains high, three factors that have resulted in a 15 per cent increase in the price of the company ' s products -
20%, we believe that the two-wheeled electric vehicles, new energyev/phev, 5g mobile phone cycles can be more occupied and consumed for cis, pmic production, and that these factors are not short-term factors, and that the trend of mosfet demand and overall price upswing will be sustained for a longer time.
Lead producers will fully enjoy the dividends of this market-based substitution, industry/price increase. 2.3 Growth drives three: product expansion and upgrading, and internal structure is gradually optimized.
There are also better layouts in the areas of mems and mcu. Next, we look at the potential for future product expansion (more space for future growth) and optimal internal product structure (more value-added products can be selected from a range of product lines).
Figure 24: Evolution of microproducts, high-integration bus-connected optical smoke detection, first 6 inches 600v run out of silicon line.
. ..to roll out the mos product of the groove, .g. power-power device chip successfully delineated. .. level vdmos product volume.
600~1200vnpt- • Small power wireless launch receiving circuit volume product 600vtrench-fsigbt
• Launch 9v PV, ion smog, igbt product volume, high performance r series vdmos product volume
Launching power radios to send receivers. Launching 600vfs-planar products. 3v low power consumption.
Number one, bms real. Third generation high-pressure product vdmos. Electromagnetic smog.
Producing programmed optical smoke to detect circuits, measuring the volume of circuits, and introducing multiple lithium power controls.
The main layouts of the company's power semiconductor include mosfet, igbt and poweric, as well as the three markets.
Figure 25: China’s power semiconductor market space and speed increase. According to ihsmarkit, the top three products in China’s power semiconductor market are power management.
Mosfet, igbt, the market size of the Chinese power semiconductor market in 2018 was 60.98%, 20.21%, and 13.92%, respectively. In addition to mosfet, power management ic and igbt are two of the priorities for future company development: (i) power management ic
Power management is responsible for electrical energy management in electronics. According to ihsmarkit, the size of our power management market in 2018 was $8.43 billion, and the company’s power-based products are mainly power-management, and are widely used in the final areas of consumer electronics, automobile electronics, industrial controls, etc.:
In the case of ac-dc products, the company's current product is widely applied to consumer uses such as chargers, adapters, etc., based on excellent heterogeneity, and further expands to the area of industrial control; in the case of led driveic, the company's autonomously developed non-segregated led stream drive and linear led
(b) For bmsic, products produced by companies based on a self-researched lithium electricity management system technology fully cover the application needs of most lithium systems and have entered the supply chain of multiple one-line lithium power managers;
(b) On wireless charging, on wireless feeder end control circuits and receiving end control circuits, developed autonomously by the company, and on electrical driveic, which supports applications of large, medium and small power systems, integrated with multiple functions.
(b) In the area of audio efficiency, corporate products are based on bipolar, bcd and cos process technology and manufacturing resources, have a number of autonomous intellectual property rights and products are competitive.
(ii), igbt igbt (insulatedgatebilartransistor), bipolar transistor of the insulation fence, full-controlled-voltage-driven semiconductor consisting of bjt (bipolar tripolar) and mosfet (insulated field effect tubes), both of which
The advantages of the speed of the switch, high input resistance, low power control, simple power-driven circuits, low switches, low voltage of bjt, high general currents, low loss, etc., which are not comparable in high voltage, big currents, high speed, etc., are also recognized as ideal switches in the electronic field of electricity.
In the first half of the year, the powerware industry has accumulated a number of autonomous knowledge in the field of igbt devices and manufacturing processes.
The core technology of property rights, which continues to enrich the product series, provides customers in applications such as ups, inverters, and transformers with a richer product selection space, with an increase of 49.90% in sales in the first half of the year compared to the same amount of gbt.
On April 22, 2020, Hua Yun and Nanxion developed a semiconductor.