Non-financial company stocktaking report Energy International (600011.sh)
Investment rating: Increase (maintain) Fire and Power Company year-end practice of applying impairment tests with a one-time recognition of part of the full-year cost, so that the performance of the company in the fourth quarter of 2024 is usually poor, with the company performing the best year since 2016.
Liu Xiao Ning and the deep loss due to coal prices in the fourth quarter of 2021 (a single-quarter loss of $11,047 million to the mother); the amount of impairment of assets throughout the year
Accelerated decline, with companies selling 300.31 yuan/megawatt hours of electricity throughout the year down 8.0% from the same year, electricity plants with a tax on average settlement of electricity and other gains overhanging a one-time gain or loss, and companies performing better on a four-quarter basis. “Other gains” are mainly government grants related to revenue and government grants related to assets for the previous years (received deferred receipts in the balance sheet).
The announcement explained that in 2021, the company received $1.5 billion in compensation for the policy relocation of the Chinese energy plant, but for a number of reasons, the relocation of the plant could not be realized, and the company returned the compensation, cutting off the “delayed income” balance of $403 million and the “other receipts”
In the absence of this one-time impact, the company’s business performance (including a small number of shareholder gains and losses) could have increased by about $1 billion over the last 10 years in the business performance caliber (without taking into account impairment losses). Wind power generation is roughly matched to total profit growth, with accounts receivable growing virtually throughout the year, or reflecting the return of the new energy plate.
Based on the company’s disclosed portfolio performance, the company’s total profits on 2024 coal combustion, combustion engines, wind power, photovoltaics are the most significant increases in profits from fire power, 15% from wind power, 33% from wind power, and 33% from the same year. In terms of the amount of electricity generated, the rate of increase is roughly matched by a relatively low level of profit for the photovoltaic unit. But, with the balance sheet, we analyze the company’s profitability.
With the largest bright spots in the new energy plate or improved repayment capacity, the company’s accounts receivable grew little in 2024, and since the end of 2023, with the exception of the higher recovery of renewable energy subsidies in 2022, the company’s annual receivables have increased in billions of dollars. In the course of the rapid decline in coal prices, concern has been expressed about the stability of electricity prices, which are expected to be more affected by external demand, given the company’s fleet location.
Coal prices fall by $700 per ton. In a context of increasing electricity marketization, the value of investment in coal power depends more on coal and electricity.
Upside markets: and electricity prices are more influenced by regional patterns, while coal prices are influenced by national supply and demand. In the case of HCI, considering the company’s relatively high fleet capacity on the eastern coast (which is also highly marketed), we believe that, unlike the inherent perception of many “coal-reverse cyclical attributes”, companies may show stronger pro-cyclical attributes and suggest paying close attention to external demand.
The \triangleright 50% red rate assumes that the current Hong Kong share in HPI will have a dividends rate of more than 5% in 2024 (net of interest on permanent debt). \triangleright
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.