A series of brand moats, company development futures, and a study on the dynamics of Cyrus, which led to the launch of the brand transformation of the world, successfully seized the opportunities of the times.
$105052309001 linzj@cfsc.com.cn, with the establishment of sfmotors in 2016; June 2016
In 2021, China worked with China to launch sf5 on the Hong Men's cabin and Bo's autopilot program. Following the launch of the Quest brand, in September 2023, the conversion m7 was a great success, with an average monthly sales of nearly 30,000.
On the 5th of January, the Felix Super Plant was built and put into operation, with more than 1,000 intellectually capable devices, more than 3,000 robotic intelligence combinations, and 100% automation of key processes, with an annual capacity of 700,000 vehicles.
One: Inner co-operation with China, the new energy vehicle business is growing rapidly, the brands are up fast, the weekly sales are outpacing the ideal: the company is now working with China to launch three models, m5, m7 and m9, with a price coverage of 250,000-600,000.
In the interval, the model consists of five and six suvs of full size. M7 sales were the first in 2023, above 200,000 suv models, exceeding the ideal number of 1.7 sales, breaking the ideal one of 200,000 or more. m7 was in January 2024.
The weekly sales for the period up to 4 February were the first to be delivered each day and, with the increase in capacity, the sales end is expected to increase the distribution of m9 in parallel, with the price set at $46.98-5698 million, in conjunction with m7.
With a price matrix of 250,000-600,000 inter-districts, it is expected that the branding benefits will be fully realized, and further increases are expected as consumers recognize the increased acceptance of autopilots and the recognition of China as a depth enabler.
2: Cyrus branding continues to grow, and blue power is expected to benefit.
M7 out of the circle, and the increased visibility of the Cyrus brand, which led to an increase in the volume of new energy brand blue sales. The current vehicle-type blue power e5, with 9.98-925, 1556, 3474, 5289 in the price range.
Cyrus expects that the voice of suppliers will continue to grow, or that the price of higher products from suppliers will fall every year.                                                                     ,
The advantage of widening the moat further is that Cyrus can be exposed through the publicity of other smart-ass cars: one side of the world, the Hong-Mun-Won-Won's brand, shares a distribution channel, and consumers are getting involved.
The intellectual process will simultaneously deepen the knowledge of Cyrus' brand. On the other hand, with its own pre-emptive advantage on the model, Cyrus has improved the coverage of different models and price zones.
In the lead-up to the North Air and Jiang Xiao's suv model, Cyrus, with his pre-emptive advantage, hopes to fully share the branding of Hong Meng Qing, further expand his market share, deepen consumer branding and broaden the moat.
2.9, 0.9 and 0.7 times, respectively, taking into account the company's branding of a series of cars, the potential for sales of the new model is high, and the “buy-in” investment is rated. (1) m9 is not as popular as expected (2) other car companies and ideals of the Hong Ming Qian brand
I've had more than the expected impact.
In-depth and forward-looking research is good at bottom-up excavations. Deep coverage of the Tesla Industrial Chain/One Shemuzin: London School of Political Economy, 2023, joined the Chinese securities. Reflects my research view. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.