Fulers (601127.sh): q4 delivery has been significantly reduced and, at a loss, m9 listings are expected to lead to a further return to profit. The company's quarterly harvest is high. The same ratio is 75.9%, the ring is 242.1%, and benefits from a rapid increase in the harvest.
Long, 23q4, with a significant reduction of $110 million in the mother ' s net profit center, and a decrease of $1.05 billion in the same year, q4 ' s profitability has improved significantly with the impact of new vehicle use and scale. According to the company ' s sales flash, the q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 vehicles sold 84,000, with the same ring ratio +90.4 per cent/+256.8 per cent.
According to Marklines, 64,000 q4 sales in the q4 series, with the same ring ratio +111.3 per cent/+306.0 per cent; the Quest Newm7 was released fast after it was marketed in September 2023, with a large Suv of $46.98-5698,000 on the market, and the high price of a Māori model went further
Profit forecast: From 24 years on, one month’s capacity to deliver is expected to reach 30,000, and we expect 400,000 cars to be sold in the 24-year series, continuing to look at the opportunities for industrial chain release.
Risk factors: Unexpected roll-out of new models, price warfare risks, large- and medium-scale new energy high-end Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Figure 1: Company revenue (millions of yuan) and increase (percentage) per year (percentage) in the West Side of Beijing. Figure 2: Company revenue (millions of yuan) and increase (percentage) per quarter.
Figure 3: Corporate net profits (millions of yuan) and rate of increase in calendar years (in %): Company net profits (billions) and rate of increase (in %) by quarter (in %)
Figure 6: Quarterly cost of companies (%) Figure 7: Felix Group monthly sales (vehicles) Figure 8: Monthly sales (vehicles) in the question world series
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the top down. The car industry chain is fully covered, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
Worked at Toyota Motor Technology Center and Joaquin Securities, one year ' s work experience with automobile companies + two years ' experience in the automobile industry. The main areas covered were car shopping, Tesla ' s industrial chain, electric intelligence, etc. Ding Jian, University of Melbourne ' s Master of Finance, which covered smart cabins, electrodynamics, whole cars, etc.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as the whole of the new power, intelligent driving, and so forth. Which components are not, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.