Starwoo shares (601799.sh): product upgrades + client switching aids, 24h1 performance growth over expectations
The company’s customer structure has gradually been dominated by joint ventures to switch to autonomous and new energy vehicles. The cost ratio has declined and the cost control capacity has been optimized.
The cost-rate ratio has declined, companies have continued to improve their business efficiency, human effectiveness through digital management, and cost-control capabilities have continued to optimize. Globalization has steadily advanced, and the growth of overseas markets is expected to be further demonstrated.
\triangleright accounts for 3.8% of the total, the same year +1.7 pct, the corporate globalization strategy has gradually been effective, and the company Servian Base has been able to climb up the slopes while setting up the American branch, the Mexican branch, and so on.
With the expansion of the North American market, the global layout is expected to open up the medium- and long-term growth space of the company. The Autonomous Car Lamps have continued to grow, new projects have been enriched, and the value of the product has steadily increased.
Lights, hd light and projected smart front lights based on microlled technology, pixel-based interactive lamps based on microlled/miniled technology, innovative development of smart digital grids/digital bumpers based on innovative materials and light technologies, lamps controllers
hcm/rcm/lcu and the development of the sensor car light self-closed loop system, etc., the unit price of the product is expected to rise one step higher. In the first half of 2024, the company took over 38 new product models from a number of clients and generated a high level of interest.
“Integration of industry and finance, integration of intelligent manufacturing” digitized transformation.
At the same time, the company's client structure is gradually shifting to autonomous, luxury cars, and it is hoped that with an efficient response, the Golden House No. 127 A, Wumenxi Street, in Beijing City West Side,b
The annual net profit is 1,495 million yuan, 1.901 billion yuan and 2.32 billion yuan, corresponding to the first in the \triangleright 2018 Golden Bull Award, the second in the new wealth in 2020 and the fourth in the team.
Experience is good at exploring investment opportunities from the top down. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, focusing on Tesla’s industrial chain, smart cars, autonomous brands, and the University of Melbourne’s Master of Finance, covering the areas of smart cabins, electric motorization, and whole cars.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.