High-quality project growth in traffic lights continued on 15 August 2024, with a rapid increase in revenue from new projects. 1) End-of-income: 3,304 million won in 2024q2 battalion, same number
\triangleright 1. Starwoo shares (601799.sh) semi-annual report 2023
2024q2, Thérès, Urai, Chiré, Ideals, and others show a bright eye for sales of the same ring, new items, namely 2023/08/29: Investing + customer sales increase, jointly driving rapid growth in corporate income; 2) profit end: 2024q2 net return
In-depth report on the share of Starwoos (601799.sh): product upgrading Performance rating: 22q3 performance meets expectations, the global layout contributes significantly to the ring increase, the net interest rate of the parent increases on a smaller scale, and income growth leads to a strong release of profits; 3) fees
Queries: 22q2 Māori ring improvement, multilateral drive towards 0.35 ptt, sales cost increase by the same year, mainly due to the increase in after-sales service costs, financial cost increase by the same year
The lead-up is mainly due to increased exchange losses. The lead-up to m9 is always a strong performance release. The lead-up to the lead-up is an independent feed of the lead-up lights, which are complemented by the company ' s own multipixed adb system.
Simultaneous control of the million-grade dlp module, developed in conjunction with China, will allow precision coverage of forward vehicles and pedestrians and significantly improve driver safety experience. According to Chinese commercial city data, the value of the m9ultra version of the dlp lamp is 30,000 yuan. In February 2024, Cyrus officially opened the question world m9 delivery, and since April, it has been the first time that the government has been able to use it.
Questioning the world’s top sales of luxury cars of over half a million yuan and recasting China’s Luxury car market patterns. 2024q2, asking the world’s 9 sales amounted to 482,000 vehicles and the ring ratio + 350.30%, is a strong driver of growth in corporate incomes and is expected to sustain corporate performance.
As an important part of the auto body, the lamp is one of the high-quality lanes for car parts. The technology changes in the lamp constantly increase its value, with a single large lamp on the technological path of “halogen, nitro, leptium, led, adb, dlp” and corresponding technological changes in the control area.
The price has been raised from hundreds of dollars to thousands of dollars, and the value of the new technology has been rising rapidly. In the first half of 2024, the company has taken over 38 new vehicle-type research and development projects, currently including dlp slides based on dmd technology, technology based on microled technology.
hd Lighting and projecting smart prelights, pixel-based interactive displays based on microlled/miniled technologies Lights, smart digital grids/digital bumpers based on innovative materials and light-source technologies, lamps controllers hcm/rcm/lcu, and sensor car lights self-closed loop systems.
Investment advice: high-quality headlights, joint brand supply chain plus autonomous brand supply chain. \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.