iii) Medical services iii in good order of hand, accelerated capacity building and release
Events: The company published its 2021st quarterly report, which generated $4.950 billion in revenue in the first quarter of 2021, with combined growth rates of 33.7% and 97.0% in 2019q1 compared to the growth in revenues and net profits, respectively, maintaining a high rate of growth. The Chinese district laboratory operations continued to grow at a high rate, and the security assessment and customization services increased at a high rate.
The company’s small-molecular drug discovery and drug analysis services maintain a high growth rate as the country’s epidemic control and innovation continues to grow. Small-molecular drug discovery, with chemical customer custom service revenues increasing by more than 58% over the same time: the hets platform has been serving a cumulative total of 600 global customers.
Households. Revenue from drug safety evaluation services increased 114% over the same period: in the area of milestones for over 40 new services contracted by the wuxiind platform, by the end of March 2021 the company had cumulatively completed the filing of 120 innds, 53 of which were the first in-country reports and 2 projects were clinically active in the iii period.
The cdmo plate performed slightly more than expected, benefiting mainly from the high profile of innovation in the country and the increased international visibility of the company. The overall order was good. The company's cdmo business was over-represented in new molecules.
The new drug development and production base will be operational in 2021. With the gradual release of the company’s new production capacity and the increased branding effect of the public sector, cdmo operations are expected to move up to another step. Billion dollars, a 15.3% decline in comparison; US sector operations are affected by the epidemic, less efficient laboratories and factories, and customers.
Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu, team, and the impact were greater. In ctdmo, 38 projects for corporate cumulative services ctdmo and 2 new projects for 2021q1; of all projects, 22 projects for i, 16 projects for ii/iii, clinical
Two projects are expected to submit listing applications to the U.S. fda in 2021, which is expected to boost the company’s U.S. district laboratory operations after the US epidemic subsides.
In 2021, q1 completed the acquisition of oxgens with advanced cell gene-making capabilities, significantly increasing the company’s research and development and production capacity for viral carrier platforms, and accelerating the expansion of regional operations in Europe. Overall, the current US epidemic is increasing the speed of operations in the US’s drug Minding Condor: China District and cdmo.
Relatively stable, with the rising vaccination rate in the United States, coupled with the expansion of European regional operations, the second half of 2021 saw a good recovery in q2 medicine, a year-long high growth in clinical research, a steady increase in cro/smo services, and a good recovery in China. Clinical research and other cronies
With the control of the epidemic in the country, clinical operations are on a quarterly basis.
The number of orders has remained high, with cds and smo orders increasing by 56% and 47%, respectively. The company Smo Pharmacy Condé: the report is up to expectations, the business-wide projects maintain their first leading position in China, and 2021q1 assists in the approval and listing of five products.
The team provided more than 130 project services in China and the United States, and completed three clinical trials for listing new drugs in the quarter. New clients grew faster and older clients became more sticky.
Co-operative operations accounted for 79.7 per cent of the revenue, depending on firm solid R & D capabilities, combined with the full range of multi-sectoral collaborations, and the firm's clients were sticky. 78 times, 58 times. Based on 1) the company's global leading market position in drug discovery and pre-cro crime prevention and treatment.
Strong competitiveness; 2) “Engineer dividend” gives domestic cro firms a cost-leading advantage; 3) global capacity transfer benefits for domestic cmo/cdmo enterprises; 4) small molecular drug cdmo has significant R & D strengths and size advantages, maintaining a company's “buy-in-b” rating.