The performance of pharmaceutical organisms has continued to grow at a high rate, and the cdmo business has continued to accelerate.
Events: Annual report of the company for 2020, generating operating income of $16.54 billion, an increase of 28.5 per cent, resulting in net profit of $2.96 billion for the mother, an increase of 59.6 per cent for the year; net profit of $2.39 billion for the mother after deduction, an increase of 24.6 per cent for the year; net profit of $3.57 billion for the mother, an increase of 48 per cent for the ps.
The non-recurrent gains and losses in 2020 were significant, mainly as a result of the increase in the market value of the shares of listed and non-listed companies that were invested, and the fact that the public offer value of the company ' s h-equity derivative financial instrument component was affected by the company ' s significant increase in the share price.
Unrecurring gains and losses in 2020 have had a greater impact on profits, except for recurrent effects, where growth in corporate performance is still overstretched, in terms of deductions of net non-repatriated profits and adjusted net returns of non-non-ifrs, while growth in the fourth quarter has also increased significantly in the first quarter.
China District Laboratory and Contract R & D has been fully reactivated and, with the rapid growth of overseas client orders and the increasing efficiency of corporate capacity and operations, operating revenue has grown significantly in the second quarter, growth has continued to accelerate in the third quarter, and we expect that laboratory operations in China District will continue to increase at an accelerated rate in the fourth quarter.
At the same time, the company’s small molecule cdmo has continued to grow, benefiting from the front-end flow, and growth has continued to accelerate, becoming an important driver of corporate growth. Quick recovery of clinical coo operations and rapid growth of cell and gene therapy cdmo are expected. Clinical cro is expected to grow.
Achieving $1.17 billion, an increase of about 10 per cent over the same period; and achieving $1.52 billion in US district laboratory operations, a significant acceleration over the same period, will continue to recover more quickly in the last four quarters. The current epidemic abroad is severe, but corporate-cell and gene therapy operations, such as cdmo, have remained steady and are expected to become new growth points.
Given the company’s leading role as a medical research and development outsourcing industry, the platform for integrated services has a significant advantage, with its long-term growth fundamentals strong, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
4. Pharmacy Ming Condé (603259): China’s medical outsourcing tap with sufficient engine power (2021-03-08)
It is expected that the second half of the year will continue to accelerate (2020-08-14) Pharmacy Mind (603259): the reported performance is over-expected and Nord will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.