Quarterly report performance exceeded expectations and cdmo achieved strong growth Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Corporate announcement: first quarter 2021: income of $4.95 billion (same as in the previous quarter of 2021)
55.31 per cent), net return to the mother at $1.500 billion (a 394.2 per cent increase in the same year), over-expected performance at the machination level, strong growth in small molecules cro/cdmo, and clinical research at the cro business at 49.0 per cent; noon-ifrs Māori at 42.8 per cent, a small decrease of 0.3 per cent
Breakpoints; corporate cdmo services generated $1.695 billion in revenues in the first quarter of 2021, with a year-on-year increase in penetration and new client growth, companies found strong growth in small molecular drugs and R & D & declaration of integrated service lines; and corporate “follow and win” operations in small molecule cdmo operations
The model continues to perform well, with the continuous addition of new molecular categories to the pipeline, including 11 “molecular winnings” projects; the steady growth in commercialization and phase III projects, and the operationalization of production facilities related to oligoric acid/polymeric acids and continuous capacity-building.) The first quarter of 2021
Ifrs' Māori rate is 17.1%, an increase of 5.3 percentage points over the same period. Clinical research cro growth is mainly due to the rapid execution and delivery of orders by China District Operations (including cds and smo), which achieved a rapid growth of 64.7%, and the US District is still affected by the epidemic.) 2021
In the first quarter of the year, the company’s U.S. laboratory achieved $329 million in revenues, a 16% decline in revenues from cellular and gene therapy services, an 18% decline in revenues from medical equipment testing services, and an outbreak and delays in approval of commercial projects that affect key projects.
The impact of the new crown epidemic on US operations is 15.8 percentage points lower than in the same year. • Rapidly developing the talent ladder, perfecting the enabling platform of globalization, multi-line growth in the future: the Department's “integrated, end-to-end” new drug research and development service platform, the technological depth of services and coverage
Wideness meets the diverse needs of clients. 1) Strong growth continues through “Long tails” and “Follow clients, followers, winers” strategies. Corporate ownership reached 27272, including 22856 R & D staff, and globalisation during the reporting period.
In terms of building a platform, the whole industry has further expanded the production of oligonaic acid raw materials, high-activity ingredients, large-scale polythermals, production capacity and production capacity for new pharmaceutical preparations; and companies have launched an integrated and closed production platform for a gland-related viral suspension and car-t-cell therapy.
With steady growth in performance, the integration platform has the advantage of helping clients to accelerate progress in the development, production and release of cell and gene therapy. The Clinical Cro developed the “Automated Platform for Statistical Analysis” (saap), which significantly improves project management efficiency and efficiency
2. China’s medical outsourcing champion, enabling global innovation delivery. In March 2021, China’s headquarters was built, and a new animal house in Suzhou became operational in March 2021. 3) The company prejudges emerging research and development trends to enable global innovation in medicine.
To further strengthen the service capabilities of new molecular types such as protac, oligonucleic acid, polyglyphine, anti-coupled drug (adc), double resistance, cellular and gene therapy, and to seize new business opportunities to enable global medical innovation.
Risks of change in business and international policy; risk of a decrease in demand for medical research and development production services; use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.