
Building-edgeexperticetocurelong-targetprice termgroveth
(previustp rmb218.73)yearsslightlybeat.wuxiapptereported202020revenue
Crurentprice rmb16.54bn (+29% yoy) adadjustednon-ifrsnetprofitofrm 3.56bn (+48% yoy), inlinewithourestimats.bysegment, China-basedlabservice
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Jillewu, cfa revenue.affetedbythecovidpandemic, us-basedlabserviceincome declined 3% yooyandclinicalresearchcro/smoservationgrovethslowed
10% yoy. whenchina-basedlaboratorieservicesanddmo samhu, pd servicesmaintainablemarginsin 2020, us-baselaboratorieservices
And clinicalservicesexperiond 8.7 pptsand 9.7 pptsgrosmarginretreat duetocovidimpact. wuxiappteccontinedtoexpanditscustomerbase and Addedover1,300newcustomswithtoactivecustomsreaching
Jonathanzhao 4,200, includingallofthothop20globalpharmatacialcompanies.basedon thestrongcustomerdemand, wuxiappcaimstourgroveitseployee
iizefrom26,411in2020(+21% yoy)to33600(+27% yoy) by 2021e.mkt.cap. (rmmmmn) seizelong-termrowthopportunitiesbyaccumulating-edge
vg.3mthst/o(rmmmn) expertise. wuxiapptecaimstoinvestinnewcapabilisesandcapacities, 52whigh/low(rmb)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it, and then I'm going to do it, and then I'm going to do it.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, weblieve the companywillcontinuemainmarkesharefromgoglobalketet.ströggrowthmomentumtocontinueincominingyears.weexpectchina-baselaboratoryswillgrovestronglydrivenbycapacitationexpansionand
Growingmandfrombiotechcompanies. wuxiapptecaded 575 projects toitsmall-moleclecdmopiclinein 2020anditstotalsmall-molecule generalproctsand45ph3projects.the company's scellandgene
38 projects (incl.china-basedoperations), of which2-3 projectsreexpactedtofileblain2021. the company registered 41% yoygrothinitsmobacklogin 2020 and 48% yoygroveth
Initscdsbackduringthesameperiod.withtheaseofthepandemic, since:bloomberg weexpectclinicalcrorevenuetostedrongremy2021e.
Auditor: deoittouchmatsu maintainbuy.werevisedupthenetprofitoffy21e/22eby9% and relatedreports
More over, wuxiapptec'sdiversifieinvestmentportfoliowillringsignificant stroggrowthoutookin2021 and acceleratedgrothin3q20drivenby
9.34 per cent; terminalgrorowthrate 4.00 per cent. trongperformancedmoand enhanceledpositionamid
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
#ofshares dcfpershare (inrm) once:cmbisestimates
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
I'm sorry, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycms outperform mark-perform
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestanightgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceontheperformanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderunderlifeliferablemarketactors. andbisremendsthatavers
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
If you're going to be in a state of emergency, you're going to have to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection has a different meaning. These publics have a different meaning, point-of-viewandanalytical methhodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do something about it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
Qualifiedasareresearchorchannalystwith the financialindustryregularyothority("finra"). Thenalysissnotsubjecttoapplicablereformactionsunderfinera rulesintendredtoenstaintainttheanalysisnotaffefedbypotentyconfactorssointeresthattesointerestcouverbenstaliabilityofotheressearchreport.thisreport isintendendedfordstoration: Nationalized stateto"majusinsitutionalinvestors" asdefinindine15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestor atreceivescopofthisreport byatsacceptancehereofofofofoftysreportsandandandadethathatsallnottyorprovidethisreporttoanyotherpersons.anyu.s.reccipitofthisreportwishishing to effecutanytransactionstobuyorselssetdiesbesontheinformationprovidindustsordoworldworldlythroughau.s.-regiedsterbroker-dealer.
Forcificentsofthisdocumentinsingapore thisreportisistributedinsingaporeby(singapore)pte.limited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173228d), anexemptfinancialadviseras definedinthefinancialadvisersact(cap.110) ofsingaporeandregulaedbythemonetaryauthorityofsapore. and bisgmaydriboteportsproduced
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm sure I'm going to be able to do it again.
I don't know, extraquiredbylaw.singaporecipientssoultactandbisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwithotherport.