The company recently published its first report in 2021. In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved a gross operating income of $4.95 billion, or 55.31 per cent of the year; a net return of $1.500 billion, or +394.92 per cent of the year;
Research Assistant: Le Guo Guo Guo q1 ' s investment returns have increased profit growth far above expectations. q1 ' s operating income has increased by 55.31% over the same period. As a result of the new crown epidemic in the first quarter of 2020, the company ' s related production capacity has been severely affected.
In the context of relative stability and the gradual recovery of productive capacity, the company experienced strong growth in its performance in the first quarter of 2021, with contract R & D and production revenues increasing by up to 100 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, and laboratory services and clinical research and other co-services in China district increasing from the same period in the previous year
q1 net return to the company grew by 394.92% on a year-on-year basis. At the same time as strong growth in the company’s main business, q1 investment returns and fair value change gains were $484 million and $212 million, respectively, a total increase of $842 million over the same period of the previous year.
Li has been listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange in the United States and has significantly increased its market value; at the same time, a portion of the company’s investments in unlisted medical science and technology enterprises has completed a new round of financing in q1 and its business value has been raised.
In the first quarter of 2021, profits amounted to $1,063 million. q1 non-net profits increased by 120.92 per cent over the same period, largely due to the firm ' s persistence and capacity-building to further improve the efficiency of production operations, rationally manage costs and drive continued strong growth in the main business.
There has been a significant increase in profitability. In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved a Māori rate of 37.10 per cent, an increase of 2.64 percentage points in the same year; a net interest rate of 30.44 per cent, an increase of 20.87 percentage points in the same year; and a period of master ' s degree or higher, with 1,154 doctors or equivalent, and the company will continue to recruit,
Q1 management costs +30.56% for research and development. q1 R & D costs + 62.49% for research and development.
Investment proposals: corporate cxo has significant advantages in the entire industry chain, post-epidemiological clinical end and US district operations with expectations, understaffing, risk of failure in drug research and development, loss of major clients, industry
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.