The performance of pharmaceutical organisms has continued to grow at a very high rate, and the cdmo business has grown brightly.
Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2021, which generated operating income of $4.95 billion, an increase of 55.3 per cent in the same year, and a net return profit of $1.5 billion, an increase of 395 per cent in the same year; a net return profit of $830 million, an increase of 121 per cent in the same year; adjusted net profit of noon-ifrs of $580 million, an increase of 63.6 per cent in the same year; ps
• High performance growth, with returns on investment and fair value changes having a greater impact on profits. The 2021q1 company collects hundreds of millions of yuan and 210 million yuan, a combined increase of 840 million yuan on the same date, which also drives the net return profit of the company to the mother, faster than the growth of laboratory services in the Qing region and faster and faster cdmo operations.
This is about 50% over the same period and 100% over the same period. It is recalled that the first quarter of 2020 was affected by the epidemic, with a relatively low rate of start-up, the start of regional laboratory and contract research and development in China in the second quarter has been fully restored, with faster growth in overseas client orders and inefficient corporate capacity utilization and operation.
The second quarter saw significant growth in operating income, the third quarter continued to accelerate, and the fourth quarter maintained a trend of accelerated growth into 2021q1, benefiting from the low base and the continued acceleration of orders, and the Chinese district laboratory services continued to accelerate. At the same time, the company's small molecule cdmo continued to grow in business output and to benefit from the front end of the business.
Fluctuation, sustained acceleration of growth, has become an important driver of corporate growth, with rapid recovery of QCro operations expected by 2021 and rapid growth of cell and gene therapy cdmo expected. 2021q1 bedcro grew by about 50% in comparison with the previous quarter of 2020.
The impact of the epidemic has been high, with a gradual recovery from the second quarter of 2020, a marked acceleration in growth in the third quarter and a relatively rapid recovery in the fourth quarter into 2021q1, benefiting from a low base and strong business expansion in the company. Clinical cro growth is expected to be a significant growth point for the company in the medium to long term.
The situation is critical, and companies’ overseas operations, such as cellular and genetic therapy, continue to operate smoothly and to develop in an expansive fashion, with the expectation that they will become new growth points.
Pharmacy (603259): Keeping performance up fast, leading by a strong platform for integrated services, maintaining a strong long-term growth base, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Pharmacy (603259): China’s leader in medical outsourcing.
The second half of the year 2020 - 10 - 19 is expected to continue to accelerate (20 - 08 - 14) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.