Performance meets expectations, and cxo has a significant advantage.
(wuxiind) The platform contracted 100 service lines, helped project clients to complete the ind declaration of 33 new research drugs and obtained clinical trial batches (cta) for 30 projects. 2cdmo services: $5,282 million, +40.78 per cent compared to the year 2020.
The project covers 575 new drug molecules, of which 45 are clinically iii phase and 28 have been approved for listing. 3 US District Laboratory Services (cell and gene therapy): $1.517 billion, with major data as at 31 March 2021
The US District Laboratories were affected by a new local coronary epidemic, with a gradual drop in revenues. In 2020, the US District Laboratories provided ctdmo services for 36 clinical phase cell and gene therapy projects, including 24 i-programs and 12 ii/iii clinical trials.
PV.4 Clinical research and other coro services: $1.169 billion, +9.98 per cent, respectively. Bed-bed operations are affected by a new coronary epidemic and revenue growth has slowed, but companies have been able to achieve strong growth in hand orders, with clinical trial services (cds) orders growing by more than 48 per cent, on-site.
Management services (smo) orders grew by more than 41%. The company’s clinical trial service (cds) team provided clinical trial development services for a total of more than 130 projects in China and the United States.
Upstream R & D investment is maintained, and companies’ customers are more sticky. China’s pharmaceutical industry has shifted from imitation-based to innovation-based strategies, and it is expected that R & D investment will continue to grow rapidly.
China ' s pharmaceutical industry is projected to grow from $11.9 billion in 2016 to $25.3 billion in 2020, with a compound annual growth rate of about 20.8 per cent. The Chinese pharmaceutical research and development service industry, in particular platform-type companies with global capacity to produce new drug research and development services, is expected to benefit from China ' s new drug research and development.
According to the frost&solivan report, China’s pharmaceutical research and development investment accounts for more than 1,300 additional clients, totalling more than 4,200, covering all the top 20 pharmaceutical companies around the world. As the number and type of company-enabling platform services grow, the number of company-based and old clients is steadily increasing.
The company’s enabling platform helps lower the threshold for new medicines, improves their efficiency, helps partners to succeed, and attracts more participants into the new drug research and development industry. Investment advice: corporate cxo has a strong all-industry niche, post-infection clinical end and US district operations.
I'm an independent and objective person with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and with a diligent professional attitude, and with a professional attitude.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.