The pig's profits are growing and 20 years of elasticity will continue.
At a full cost of $14.7 per kilogram, pig-breeding is about $8.6 billion a year. Four quarters of the list shows 2.98 million, net of bonuses and equity incentives, and 6-7 billion. Pig prices will continue to run at high levels in 20 years: in terms of overall supply and demand patterns, we expect pork production for 20 years.
Thirty-nine and a half million tons, a reduction of 14.5 million tons over 18 years, further deducting the supply gap of imported meat, meat substitution, and about 8 million tons of meat. Twenty years will remain in a state of scarce pork supply, and this will be due to the combination of uncertainty between farm density and the pestilence epidemic and the triple retention of seeds.
Production efficiency will be reduced, pig prices will remain high throughout the year. Pork-raising plates are expected to continue to release profits: 20q1 sells 22,526 million meat pigs at an average cost of $36.6 per kilogram, earns $9,804 million, raising the full cost to $23 per kilogram, mainly
The cost of renovating and expanding old pighouses is high, there is an increase in investment in safe and secure support facilities, and there is an initiative to phase out a group of less productive pigs, contributing about $3.5 billion in profits. We expect that the follow-up exit column will increase on a seasonal basis and the cost will gradually return to reasonable levels. At the same time, the company will accelerate the construction of new sites.
In 19 years, the company sold 925 million chickens, which is the same increase.
23.58 per cent; sales averaged $15.06/kg, or 9.93 per cent; income of $26,786 million, or $5.5-5.5 billion. Four quarters of the list shows 290 million feathers and the chicken plate earns about $2 billion.
As a result of the new crown epidemic, the price of chicken fell sharply in January-February, and the industry suffered a short-term deep loss. The company sold chickens for about $1.5 billion. Consumer demand has warmed since March, and living poultry prices have gradually returned.
In a profitable state, and with a 20-year high pig price that will continue to support chicken prices, it is expected that the chicken plate will recover in the next few years.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. already has a securities investment advisory board.