Winch shares (300498): price booms increase performance, columning and costs are expected to move gradually to Winch shares.
Events: The company published its annual report 2019 and its first quarterly report 2020. In 2019, the company achieved a sales gain of 73.14 billion yuan, an increase of 27.75 per cent, and a net return to the mother, an increase of 14 billion yuan.
The region’s modern farming enterprise group, which is mainly engaged in pig farming, has lost $1.89 billion in net profit to mothers, and the animal price boom has increased by 19 and the profits have been continuously released. The company’s performance in 2019 has increased by the same amount.
By 2020-05-15, the Consort of Shareholders convened 925 million chickens, an increase of 23.58% in the same year, sales prices increased by 9.93% in the same year, and sales prices increased by 193.69% in the same year.
There is still a gap in supply, prices will be high, and companies’ pig-breeding operations will continue to contribute high returns. Total equity/salea shares (million shares) are expected to improve continuously in size and full cost.
The company’s productive capacity is now steadily recovering, production efficiency is increasing, so that it can grow by more than 1 million pigs, full cost is expected to return to a reasonable level, and profitability is rising. The meat has been reduced and expanded steadily.
With the resumption of production, the recovery of consumption, the recovery of consumption, the recovery of yellow chicken prices, the recovery of the price of yellow chickens, and the subsequent expansion of consumption and the shift in demand for pork, the prices of meat and poultry are still on the table. The company expects to be out in 2020.
One billion feathers of chickens and a gradual increase in waterfowl layouts are expected, and the meat plate is expected to return to the landscape.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Winchester shares (300498): price booms, columning and costs are expected to improve gradually
The researcher’s own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.