h1 High performance growth, forward profile 400g+ and silicon light, 18/08/2020 Research assistant Yao Jiuhua
▪ Events: On 17 August, the Tienfu Communication released its mid-2020 performance report, which in 2020 h1, the Department achieved business income of $393 million, an increase of 57.75 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $126 million, an increase of 63.25 per cent over the same period.
▪ Re-innovation is high, business is going well: Fulbright Communications q2 performance re-innovation in 2020 increased by 70.21% over the ring. At the same time, as the company's multiple new product lines become more mature and more efficient with technological processes, client orders increase and the company's Māori ratio rises steadily, reaching 2020.
The annual q2 Māori rate was 54.67 per cent, an increase of 7.61 pp over q1 (47.06 per cent); the net interest rate on sales was significantly lower, mainly due to the expansion of production, the purchase of goods and the receipt of payments and payments for services, and the overall steady trend in operating cash flows.
▪ The forward-looking layout core technology, which sustains the lead advantage: H1 R & D investment, 37.07 million by 2020, an increase of 34.86% over the previous year. Increase in the development of high-speed light engines and accompanying products to provide a holistic solution for downstream light module clients; the company is the only upstream light module in the country.
The maintenance of product and technology overlaps is the key to maintaining core competitiveness as a result of the cost and technology advantages of the solution provider. For this purpose, the SkyFoot Communication Resource Plus High-Riber Engine is being developed to enrich the SkyFoot Communication Strategy.
Core R & D capabilities, building on the R & D base in the field of real-time telecommunication components, with forward-looking silicon light, 1, Fertilize Communications (300394); M & A. Continuous enhancement of core competitiveness.
Arctic Light Power, Matching Business Needs, Ending Good Markets, Strategic Product Map 2020-Engineer Performance + Technological Innovations to Promote Fibre Communication against Davis: Current Connectivity and Power
The demand for resonance modules has been steadily upwards, and tether communications have benefited from the core upstream of the cell, and performance will continue to be steadily upwards; silicon light has been the gateway to the next generation of light communication technology changes, and tether (300394); h1
Keys, silicon light technology is expected to drive industry to continue to innovate, and the current foil communication forward-looking card position silicon light is expected to outperform, the forward-looking layout 400g+ and technology will strengthen the core competitive advantage, and the market share is expected to rise further, and we think it's robust.
Silicon light, looking at the wider space of the future, increases performance, adds forward-looking technological innovations, and communications from the sky will be matched by higher performance and higher valuations,3 and communications from the sky (300394);
Communications: taking advantage of 5g and the data centre ' s big development opportunities, high-speed light engine layout, 1.0 light-module climate continued upwards, h1 performed high growth
Re-innovation is high and the business situation continues to improve. In 2020, H1 achieved operating income of $393 million, an increase of 57.75 per cent in the same year, h1 a net return profit of $126 million, an increase of 63.25 per cent in the same year, and q2 an operating income of $236 million in the same year; y0y + 72.26 per cent, a decrease of q1 (157 million)
With the steady increase in demand for the 5g construction and data centre, and the high number of orders and capacity utilization, the epidemic accelerates the upwards of the communications performance of the foil. At the same time, the maturity of the technological process and the improvement in the efficiency of the technology, the impact of the new product is evident, and the contribution of the performance is gradually increasing.
Figure 1: Gross revenue from telecommunications and year-on-year growth, 1.2. Demand for orders increased and profitability stabilized
Figure 3: Māori rate, net interest rate for telecommunications sales (%) (Note: cash as a percentage of receipts, cash received for sales of goods and labour received as a percentage of costs increased by 130.44 per cent and ring increased by 4.84 per cent over the period q2 in 2020; mainly due to the impact of the epidemic and the need for orders)
Increases in sales costs of $0.03 billion, an increase of 28.68 per cent over the same period; overhead costs of $0.01 billion, an increase of 102.17 per cent over the same period, mainly by managers, and the consolidation of sophisticated filiation in May; Financial charges; Increased stock holdings: combined consideration of hand and anticipated orders and production cycles, purchase of raw materials in 2020 h1
We believe that the growth in corporate performance in the second half of the year is further underscored by the increase in stock availability over the same period in the previous year, with an increase of $56 million in 2020 h1 compared to the previous year’s end-of-year inventory, or 74.67 per cent.
Good business, steady business development, and technological capabilities, bulk delivery capabilities, etc. are among the leading players in the same company. Through this industrial merger, companies can better seize the opportunities for market development in data centres and move forward with the development and strategic layout of Lensarray Operations in light communications, while upgrading the company’s optical devices.
At the same time, within 2020h1, the company completed the North Pole Photoelectric (Shen) Co. Ltd. merger and held 100% of the North Pole Photovoltaic. At the same time, the company will take advantage of Jiangxi Tenfu’s manufacturing base to assist the Arctic’s technology reserves.
We believe that this industrial merger will contribute to the further upgrading of companies at multiple levels, such as product synergies, client synergies, etc. High-end plating techniques, microoptic components, and products that can provide a strong technical and product support for the high-speed light engine project for communications in the Arctic.
2. Technological innovations and targeted increases in R & D are on the ground to promote the use of the filiation telecommunications against Davis to double-click 2.1. Multidimensionally improve R & D capabilities.
On the one hand, companies have increased the development of high-speed light engines and accompanying products to provide holistic solutions for downstream light module clients, and on the other hand, they have continued to increase the introduction of research and development professionals to attract and retain excellence in research and development through the construction of multi-level incentive systems.
2.2. Forward-looking card-bit silicon light technology, targeted high-speed engine construction project
According to the Centre's high-speed light engine construction project, which is used mainly for laser chip integration high-speed light engines, silicon chip integration high-speed light engines and high-speed light engine zero-components, with annual production of 480,000, 60,000 and 8.4 million, respectively, and project irr (after tax) of 21.05 per cent, with Jiang Xi Tianfu as the main subject.
The high-speed light engine, which is the core of the high-speed optical module, is based on high-speed firing chips and receiving chip envelopes, which combines precision microoptic components, precision mechanical components, separators, optical conductors, etc., to achieve single- or multiple-circuit light transmission and reception functions, which are among the current industry cutting-edge products.
We believe that this project is more strategic than economic, and that it will help companies to upgrade their nuclear and research and development technological capabilities on the one hand, and, on the other, it will enrich the strategic layout of the core products of companies by increasing their market ownership and promoting long-term sustainable development in the context of global 5g and data-building.
The company is positioned on the market demand for high-end high-end modules of 4006, 8006, and with the increase in the speed of light exchange, the capacity to exchange power, the power consumption and compatibility, the demands are higher on the high-speed light engine of the core device, so that it is coded.
The field’s research and development base is constantly strengthening core competitiveness. The wind is running, forward-looking card-bit silicon technology, which is what competition is about and industry needs: silicon light, as the key to the next generation of light communication technologies, is expected to drive sustained innovation in the industry, currently dominated by foreign firms like Intel, and domestic silicon light.
Technology is still in the early stages of development, but as the pace of national production and demand continues to release, domestic firms with silicon light technology will become more competitive. The silicon-post pre-mobil communications technology, with its market share in silicon, is expected to increase further. We believe that robust performance growth, combined with forward-looking technological innovation, will be matched by high performance in silicon communications.
3.5g construction accelerated to light the continuing boom in the communications market, with a steady increase in data centre construction during the build-up phase of the global 5g network, with increased investment by the three major operators in 2020, total capital expenditure by the three operators in 2020 amounting to approximately $334.8 billion and 5g-related investment of about $180 billion.
New data from the synergyresearchgroup show that by 2020, the total number of large data centres operated by 20 major global cloud and Internet service companies had increased to 541, more than double the number five years ago (in 2015 h1).
Figure 8: High height of network construction: Figure 9: Steady growth in data centre construction: High peak of 5g network construction and the rise of large data centres, contributing to the expansion of network construction and bringing about sea
The demand for front-loading modules has grown steadily, stimulating a steady increase in demand for telecommunication luminous modules, and the global market for optical devices has been growing rapidly, driven by a combination of telecommunications and digital markets. In 2018, the global market for optical devices reached $11.6 billion, and the global market for optical devices is expected to reach $13.7 billion by 2020.
As the flow rate is about to kick back, and the data centre light module rate will continue to be upgraded by more than 400 g, it will further boost the growth of opportunities and demand in the lightware industry. As industry’s leading lightware provider, Skyfu communications also offers a rare opportunity for large-scale upgrading of the network.
Profit forecasting and rating Risk of less than expected demand for high-end light modules; risk of increased competition in the lightware market; deterioration of the operating environment abroad