Extension of the procurement agreement with Asma to increase confidence in expansion of production growth The corporate announcement and the Asmar bulk procurement agreement were extended from the end of 2020 to the end of 2021 and the company signed purchase orders with Asma for a total of $1.2 billion between March 2020 and March 21.
The extension of the procurement agreement is expected to guarantee the successful implementation of the expansion plan. There is no need to worry about future growth.
This extension of the purchase agreement with Asma is the company’s first announcement in the recent past, supported by a major equipment supplier. The company currently has about 520,000 a month of capacity of 8 inches, plans to expand 10,000 in 21 years, and not less than 45,000 in 8 inches, and strengthen the first and second generation.
The company's capital expenditure for 21 years is $4.3 billion. Prior to the market's concern about the success of the future expansion plan for the middle-core country, with the signing of this major equipment purchase agreement, other units are expected to be established in the future as compared with the advance of Deep 300.
The supply of pre-plants will also be gradually liberalized, allowing the company’s expansion plan to land well and grow in the future without fear. Demand will increase significantly, and the growth space will be wide, as demand for advanced/maturity-based chips, such as 5g, hpc/new energy, and access to goods, increases dramatically, and the industry is now present.
Annually, $58.5 billion went up to $86.1 billion in 2025, of which the advanced process market was $44.7 billion, and the mature process market was $41.4 billion. In mid-2020, Keroseb International received about $360 million in advanced course camp 14/28nm, or 9.3%, and over 28nm, or about $3.54 billion, or 90.7%.
Taking advantage of the opportunity to invest in industrial chain equipment, materials, and sealing enterprises, and the uncertainty of import of critical equipment in the period ahead, due to the approval of the supply of medium core international United States-owned equipment, may well have reached the location of orders for other national-made equipment throughout the production line.
On the one hand, existing orders for domestically produced equipment will be effectively implemented, and on the other hand, the certainty and accumulation of the future expansion of China-Key International will be further increased. In the medium and long term, the process of national production substitution will continue, based on the need for autonomous control, and will be conducive to the growth of domestic semiconductor equipment. At the same time, semiconductor materials and downstream seals will continue to grow as production capacity is gradually released.
The demand will continue to rise. Multipb, given the high profile of the crystal-round industrial industry and the company's leading position in the country, maintains a “recommended” performance growth and expands the scope for a mature production process.
The risk of friction in Central American trade, the lack of progress in research and development, and the risk of the impact of the new crown epidemic.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The authors, who possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity and impartiality, without any third party's approval or influence.