The maturation process is high, the crystal-rounding workforce is ready.
The capital fund has limited shares in the second phase of the continental crystal circle, which is an alternative to the semiconductor ' s domestic pillar: the company is the mainland China Technology and Communication Unit (million shares)
In technology, the company takes the lead in achieving 14 nmfinfet in the mainland, representing the state-of-the-art production of water at the end of an integrated circuit, with special processes like 24 nmnand, 40 nmcis, etc.
The market value of the share in circulationa (millions of dollars) was preceded by 3 8-inch crystal round and 4 12-inch crystal production bases with a combined capacity of more than half a million pieces and a relative depth of 300 indexes.
/month. According to Trendforce data, in 2020 q4 Q4 has a global market of 4.3 per cent in the field of crystal round industries, ranked fifth in the world, with 35um-14nm process node layouts serving a wide range of well-known domestic and international manufacturers, such as Hightower, Heath, Howie, etc.
Grown-up processes demand a lot, and corporate productivity gains further: more than 28 nm of mature-scale cores are used mainly for mcu, object networking, auto electron, cis, pmic, etc., with more than 8 inches of crystal.
The production capacity of the crystal circle industry continues to be more than 95% in demand, and the maturity process needs to flourish. According to the company’s performance report, the annual growth in the company’s revenue is largely due to the demand spread of the maturity process, with the 2020q4 company’s 28nm and over 90% share of the product.
Data cut-off date: 10 February 2021, in the larger context of equipment manufacturers turning mainly to 12 inches of crystal round production, 8 inches of crystal round worker expansion, there are barriers to some extent, and companies have an output advantage in the area of mature production, according to which
In the 2020 global semiconductor maturation market, _aaa_ Middle Core International (688981) tri-quarterly report reviews ranked third, with a market share of 11 per cent, exceeding three-star electronics. In addition, 2021
Each year, the company will invest $4.3 billion to continue to expand its maturity process and expand its economies of scale. _aaa_mid-core International (688981), a short-term assessment report on the advanced process, with national production replacing opportunities for greater development: influenced by the US ban, the public has the right to vote.
Short-term restrictions on the production and supply chain of chips from Division 14nm and below.
He was largely affected by the ban by the restructuring of advanced process products, especially the reduction of the Heath order, which made the company less advanced than expected and the gap filled.
We believe that the impact of US regulation on the company’s fundamentals is still manageable, and that in view of the long-term trend towards national substitution, companies will not stop developing 7 nm and 5 nm. At the same time, the ban makes it clear that the semiconductor chain is self-controllable, with semiconductors like upstream light-engineers.
The alternative process of national production is expected to accelerate, and companies are expected to embrace the risk factors of national production of surrogate industrial production: the risk of technological R & D and market competition, the risk of market volatility in semiconductors downstream, and the risk of targeted repression in the United States.