Growth driven by strong demand, broad scope for maturity expansion, high demand, tight production capacity and year-round performance growth 1) Recovery: 20q4 companies generated $6,671 million, equivalent to 10.3 per cent, a 12.7 per cent decline in circulation and a cumulative year of 2020
The current revenue of $27,471 million, or 24.8 per cent, benefited mainly from the tight industrial capacity of the crystal circle, the high demand for the maturity process, which led to an increase in the volume of crystal round sales and an increase in the average price of sales throughout the year.
The \triangleright 20q4 capital expenditure was $1,333 million and the total capital expenditure in 2020 was $5.7 billion, mainly for the expansion of the production capacity of the Shanghai 300mm crystal factory, the Beijing 300mm crystal factory, and the Tianjin 200mm crystal factory, which has real control.
The company expects to spend $4.3 billion on capital spending in 2021, the bulk of which is for expansion of mature processes, and a small part for advanced processes, civil construction and other projects under the new joint venture in Beijing. In terms of capacity-building, 10,000 production lines are planned for 2021, 10,000 are planned, and no less than 45,000 are planned for expansion of mature 8-inch lines, and consideration is being given to strengthening first- and second-generation finfet.
Plural platform development and configuration to expand the reliability and competitiveness of the platform. The capacity of the mature technology platform is scarce and the future growth space is huge.
95%, of which 55/65nm and 0.15/0.18m accounted for the largest share of revenues, 34% and 32.5% respectively. ihs markit predicted that the global crystal round labour market would grow from $58.5 billion in 2020 to $86.1 billion in 2025, of which more than 28nm would have reached 48% of maturity and market size of $41.4 billion, the middle core international maturity system.
The surge in demand for mature process chips, such as semiconductor/image processing/radio frequency, and the fact that most of the crystal-rounders of chip design companies, such as Star Halfconduct/Wall shares/mega-renovation/dude, are in mature process platforms, creating capacity constraints, large gaps, and showing a pattern of strong demand - full capacity - full orders - low stock levels, and we believe that this trend will continue in the future.
1. Central Core International -- u (688981): Short-term advanced processes are replaced by the continent ' s largest crystal-crystal-based planters, with sufficient beneficiary countries producing replacement growth dividends.
In terms of impact, the potential for long-term maturity processes is enormous, and the current state-owned crystal round manufacturing is facing two major difficulties: insufficient production capacity and advanced production. In 2019, our Integrated Circuit Trade Reverse 2. Middle-Key International -u (688981): 20q3 performance is over-predictable.
The gap is $204 billion, with a huge gap; 56% of crystal-made power is occupied, with only 28% of the combined share of China-Crystal, China-Warning Group, and Wuhan-Nin-Chu, and national production replacements in urgent need of development. As the largest and most advanced crystal-crystal manufacturer in the continental region, China-Crystal International can provide multi-platform multi-platform crystal-crys generation services to its customers, with the largest market-in-the-world.
Fourth, the continent’s first, the continent’s first-ever, full-fledged, mature logical process, and the only professional crystal-round factoryer with 14 nm production capacity, is expected to benefit fully from the growth of industry space, replacing national production with the accelerated growth dividend. 92 times, taking into account the high profile of the crystal-round industrial industry and the company’s leading position in the country, the “recommended” assessment is maintained.
Sino-American trade friction risk, R & D less than expected, and the impact of the new crown epidemic. Corporate financial statement projections aggregate Wang Fang, chief of the electronics industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and acquired the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,