Weir shares (603501) External disturbances weakened marginality, buy-backs and employee ownership demonstrated confidence 10 October 2022
United States export control has limited impact. On October 7, U.S. time, the U.S. Department of Commerce Industrial Security (bis) announced a series of amendments to the U.S. Export Control Regulations and announced new export controls for Chinese enterprises.
This new regulation further limits the development of China’s semiconductor industry, particularly the continuous upgrading of advanced semiconductor manufacturing capacity. We believe that the new regulation has limited influence on Weir’s shares, mainly because the logical chip production process for this restriction is 16 nm or less, the company’s main product.
It is a cis sensor, and the logical chip currently used by the industry is the most advanced process of 17 nm to 22 nm, not within the limits of the United States. The company has introduced China-Crysing International as a supplier, with the potential to reduce surrogate performance and geopolitical supply-side risks.
The company’s car cis business is growing rapidly, with laser radars opening up the space for spad growth. In the first half of 2022, car cis sales amounted to about $1.6 billion, or 22 per cent of the business as a whole, a marked increase from 14 per cent in the previous year.
The company also has a technological reserve in laser radar. The laser radar sensor's sensor senses and digital cameras approximate that each pixel point needs to enter into a large number of photons at a given wavelength to form a laser radar image, and then calculates the sensing distance by means of a computing chip.
Laser radar sensors (lasers receiving chips) for imx459, double-layer image sensor stacking techniques for Itosoni can significantly enhance laser radar performance.
The increase in light radar capacity is expected to lead to the launch of a spad sensor product on the sign Sony, and to the realization of a bicycle, a buy-back for Liu Makino, and an increase in the confidence of the employees and the competitiveness of the company.
On October 10, 2022, the company issued an announcement to repurchase the company’s shares with its own funds for the continuation of the employee’s shareholding scheme or equity incentive. The total amount was between 300 million yuan and 600 million yuan, and the repurchase price zone was no higher than 85 yuan/equity, and the price ceiling was no higher than the board’s decision to buy back.
Sino-China Securities Ltd. also published the Staff Holdings Plan 2022 (draft) for a total of no more than 100 participants, including directors (excluding independent directors), supervisors and senior managers, for a total of eight.
The maximum number of shares that can be purchased and held is 5.3412 million, up to a maximum of 0.45% of the stock available in the company.
The company’s automobile business growth path is clear, and there is a logic for the continued growth of recent vehicle cameras and forward laser radars. At the same time, consumer electronics are expected to warm back in the first quarter of 2023, with mobile phone cis operations.
The company's current buy-back and the employee-stock plan highlight the company's management's confidence in future developments. Maintain the “buy-in” rating. Risks of changing market patterns for mobile phones, increased competition for car-borne cis, risk of stock build-up,
Chief: Sixteen years of work in the electronics and communications industry, in China, Ali Baba, Motorola, and Fauscan, many international branding terminals, working in research and development, engineering, supply chain procurement, etc., have served in China as Director General of the Procurement of Terminal Semiconductor Chips, Director of Supply Chains at Ali Baba A. Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor and hard technology; two, smart cars and robots; and three, new sources of energy.
This report is not intended to be sent, or to be available, or to be used for any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which SAC and its associated companies have violated local laws or regulations or made SAC securities subject to laws or regulations. The copyright of the material in this report is a SAC security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report shall not be made available to any other person by any means, or by means of a copy of the material, contents or copies thereof; they shall not be made available to you for reference purposes other than as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or an invitation to another person.