Recovering performance in the consumer electronics industry, smart acoustics plus intellectuals, two-wheel-drive optical Gore shares (002241.sz)
Gore shares published their semi-annual report for 2024: 24h1 performance repair and significant increase in profitability in the first half of 2024. 2024q2 companies achieved operating income of $21.7 billion, an increase of 0.1 per cent over the same period.
The ring grew by 229.81%. In terms of income structure, the company earns 63,09, 127.89 and 19,846 million yuan in sophisticated zero components and smart acoustics, respectively.
In terms of profitability, the company achieved a sales rate of 11.51%, an increase of 4.22 pct over the same period.
Artificial intelligence technology has made remarkable progress, creating new opportunities for electronics consumption, and the audio field is expected to benefit first. Generating AI audio not only enhances voice assistants, but also better understands human intentions.
In addition, artificial intelligent audio can significantly improve the accuracy and speed of the text. The microphone is the first link in the audio chain, and mems microphones are high-performance, low-performance 1, Gore shares (002241); audio-optics
Accompanied and highly trusted hardware is the ideal hardware for artificial intelligent audio. Smart headphones, combined hardware, core technological innovation, i-technology, enhanced voice recognition and natural language.
The future of airpods will increase intelligent interaction and may introduce pressure on performance to see long-term development potential.
Controls the function of siri by head action, allowing users to operate in a quiet environment without words.
Frequency, the headphones can adapt their audio settings to the dynamics of the surrounding environment. Foreground, long-term visions of vrar are expected. The future airpods may be equipped with an infrared camera module that will be easier and more accessible.
A meta-operational experience. From the end of the cell phone, iphone16 will carry a full upgrade of the microphone technology, and the directional microphone will be marked. The directional microphone will capture the sound in a given direction and contain noise in other directions.
Consumer electronics make leaders, smart acoustics + optical two-wheel drive companies are committed to serving the world's leading clients in science and technology and consumer electronics.
The panel consists of sophisticated zero components, smart acoustics, and smart hardware. Fine zero operations focus on acoustics, opticals, microelectronics, mainly mems acoustic sensors, vr/mr optical devices and modules, microphones, 3d
(a) Structured light modules, arwood modules, arhud modules, precision structures, etc.;
Smart hardware focuses on entertainment, health, home security, etc., and the main products include vr/mr, smart wearables, smart home video games, etc. Companies have cutting edge manufacturing and smart manufacturing capabilities.
Current research and development inputs are mainly for mems sensors and microsystem modules development projects; tws smart wireless headphones development projects; smart wireless light-quantitativear glasses research industry warming, with artificial intelligence technology not available in audio-related applications
As a result of this expansion, the company's acoustic products are expected to continue to benefit, maintaining the relative concentration of its clients in “buy-in” investments: consumer electronic recovery is not as fast as expected: the mems sensor project is not as fast as expected; and the new generation of tws smart headphones is not as fast as expected.
Company profit projections (millions of dollars)  Electronics group presentation Mao Jianxian: Three years of US semiconductor company experience in materials, participation in the world
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.