Acoustic hardware goes hand-in-hand, core technological innovation leads to high profits.
Technology innovation is driven by a significant increase in profits as companies continue to innovate and invest in core technological areas such as acoustics, opticals, microelectronics, etc. In spite of weak global demand for consumer electronics in 2023, companies continue to do so.
By optimizing the product structure and increasing capacity utilization, profits are gradually restored. In particular, after the end of the interest-raising cycle in major countries in Europe and the United States, the recovery of demand for the end has created a positive market environment for companies.
New business areas such as hardware, precision optical devices and modules, vr virtual reality have made breakthroughs, which have contributed to a rapid increase in overall revenue and net profits. Specially, vr/mr, tws smart wireless headphones, smart clothing, precision zero components, etc.
Performance in the business area provides support for continuous growth in the profitability of the company Core technological innovation leads, acoustic optical excellence stands out.
1. Gore shares (002241); advantages of a full-year career. In acoustics, companies focus on smart acoustics throughout the business, including tws performance, and see long-term development potential.
Products such as smart wireless headphones, wired/wireless headphones, and smartphones.
In the field of optical science, companies have completed their acquisition of luminous technology and strengthened their micro-optics.
The layouts in the fields of projection/showing modules and three-dimensional sensing have enhanced the integrated competitiveness of the sophisticated optical field. This has not only expanded technological capabilities, but also laid the foundation for future product innovation and market expansion.
Technological innovation has kept core business ahead, ensuring high quality and competitiveness of products. In addition, companies have made significant progress in the area of automobile electronics, particularly in the direction of sensors, arhud modules and optical devices.
The company’s smart hardware business shows strong market competitiveness, including entertainment, health and home security.
The consumer electronics industry end demand is expected as the major European-American interest-raising cycles end.
In the area of smart manufacturing, companies are actively building gpsgol manufacturing systems, which further enhances the core competitiveness of their businesses. Companies will continue to promote the development of new and new smart hardware.
And respond positively to market changes to ensure that they continue to grow and grow in highly competitive markets. The company’s combined strength in the area of smart hardware has been significantly enhanced through diversified product layouts and rising manufacturing capabilities.
34.9, 26.2 and 21.5 times, respectively, the company's excellent performance in the business areas of vr/mr, tws smart and wireless headphones, smart wears, sophisticated zero components will continue to support the company's profitability and benefit from the consumer electronic recovery.
Macroeconomic risks, less than expected risk of product R & D, increased industry competition, and less than expected risk of downstream demand.
Mao Jianxian: Master of Arts in Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global lead semiconductor manufacturer advanced programming project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.