Gore shares (002241.sz) ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii
The improvement in business structure led to higher corporate performance, with 24h1 net profits higher than 190% on a year-on-year basis. The 2024h1 Department achieved 40,382 million yuan in revenue, a decrease of 10.60% on a year-on-year basis; the net profit on maternity was $1,225 million, an increase on a year-on-year basis, due to: first, the second quarter of the year, the company ' s smart sound machine and some of the priority product items in its smart hardware business.
The output volume has increased, the crop activity rate has increased and profitability has increased; secondly, the company’s business collection structure has improved, the share of some of the relatively low-performing assembly operations in the collection has decreased, and the ratio of the high-mori business operations, such as precision zero components, has increased.
21.22 per cent; 15.62 per cent of receipts, an increase of 4.10 pcts over the same period; 22.46 per cent of Maori; (2) $12,789 million in intellectuals and acoustics, an increase of 38.19 per cent over the same period; 31,67 per cent of receipts, a rapid development of the same technology as that of large language models, with consumer electronics expected to usher in a new development cycle.
Impact on the industry: first, the ai side-by-side helps improve the hardware product experience, while at the same time it is expected to bring new applications and thus contribute to the upgrading of market demand; second, the ai technology will spread over top products from head-to-head customers, helping to optimize the product structure of the consumer electronics industry; third, the ai technology.
The preponderance of voice interaction has created a significant demand for the performance upgrade of acoustic sensors, which will be further expanded in the future, such as visual interaction, which will be expected to provide a new round of development opportunities for zero-component products such as optical devices, microscopics, optical modules; and finally, the ai technology is on the tip side, which may lead to rapid development for some new product groups.
Sun Peak, for example, an ar-enhancement product with a clear interactive advantage. (2) ai influences the company: front-to-face voice interaction is one of the most central interactions of the ai, in order to ensure the accuracy of the voice interaction, the acoustics.
The performance of the dry sea-dimensional device is more demanding, and it further drives a new cycle of performance upgrades. In the future, acoustic sensors may be upgraded from high-end to low- to medium-end, from mobile phones, flats, etc., to other lotes.
In addition to voice interaction, the collection of visual information and visual interaction may also be another way of interacting with the core of the ai technology, which will provide new business opportunities for zero components such as precision optical devices, micro-screening devices, optical modules. Companies have a strong accumulation of experience and technology in the areas of acoustics, mems sensors, and optical sciences.
Reserves, product layouts, and companies will pursue this market opportunity to facilitate the development of sophisticated zero-component operations.
The company continues to benefit from the evolution of smart audio glasses from their own. By using smart audio glasses, consumers move from normal glasses/sunglasses to smart glasses, and gradually accept their own smart glasses, which not only help to develop user habits, reduce market education costs, but also provide more for the enterprise itself.
Time and space, cycle overlaps for technology research and development and market feedback. (1) Smart audio glasses: In the case of Ray-ban meta, according to the report of Wellsennxr Dismantling, Gore shares a total of $5.5 per device for ray-banmeta ($0.5 per unit, 5 units)/phones ($1.5 per unit, 2 items).
vr gyroscope quotes mate information ray-banmeta, selling glasses at a faster rate than production, and the team is now working to introduce more new models. Domestic and international manufacturers are pouring into smart audio-glass markets, such as solos, Hwa, hive technology, and so on. (2)ar glasses: companies design, develop, and produce products in aar.
In the field of manufacturing, there is a profound technological accumulation and product experience, while there is greater competitiveness in the core zero components of the product, especially optical wave guidance and optical modules. In the field of optical devices, the Division can provide a variety of sophisticated optical solutions for clients, including optical guidance, birdpath, free curves, prisms, etc.
In the case of optical modules, companies can provide their customers with optical module products based on a variety of microscopic technologies, such as dlp, lcos, micro-oled, micro-led, etc., for different demand for ar products. In addition, companies are actively investing and cooperating in optical and microscopic industrial chains, working with industry partners.
Provide product solutions and research and development of manufacturing services for industry head-to-head customers. Investment proposal: expand opportunities for automobile electronic-related business in sensors, arhud modules and optical devices, given the new cycle of growth of downstream terminals/ai or lead consumer electronics and the competitive advantages of the corporate product structure
Positive business progress has been made in this direction, adding to the continued growth of future automobile electronics and xr markets, providing room for growth in the performance of the public sector. Maintaining the “uptake-a” rating.