An event review: To split up Gorewa's entry into the Hong Kong market, i.e., 16/09/2024.
The company announced that it was going to split the company's Golway to the Hong Kong Federation Board of Directors and that it would maintain control over the Gol emblem and enhance its overall competitiveness after its release: Golway as Gol.
The only enterprises with shares in the development, production and sale of mems devices and microsystem modules are one of our leading companies (11th and 1st in 2023), which is 100 million yuan; Golwa is now on the market in Hong Kong in conjunction with the trend in the ai-la consumption of electronics, the company.
Zero-sum synergy strategy, and multiple factors such as State support to eligible Mainland industry leaders to be listed in Hong Kong, with an initial size of up to 20 per cent of the total equity (before the excess sales rights are exercised) expanded immediately after issuance, and a global focal point/bookkeeper is granted no more than the initial issuance of the above-mentioned h share.
The 15 per cent excess distribution rights, taking into account the high proportion of Gore shares held in Gore microequity (87.75 per cent) and the fact that once this split is completed, a consolidated control statement will be maintained, which will enable all shareholders of the company to fully share in the benefits of the rapid growth of Goreway's independent listing.
mems sensors and sip modules have a great opportunity to develop: on the one hand, voice interactions are a core interactive mode of the ai, and products such as high-performance mems acoustic sensors, as the core of the ai interaction, will usher in new development opportunities in the various ai terminals such as mobile phones, watches, pc, headphones, etc.
The domain is expected to achieve a full price increase; on the other hand, new types of intelligence, such as ai smart glasses, aar glasses, are expected to create a significant incremental demand for the ai era, while miniaturized, lightly quantified sip microsystems.
Weights, sizes, etc., which in turn contribute to the rapid spread of these new smart terminals. So, Goreway's leadership of his own mems sensor and microsystem module has been instrumental in keeping pace with the rapid growth of the industry and the development of an international capital operating platform in Hong Kong.
Gore Shares (00224): In mid-2024, leading in product-related areas such as the press mems and microsystem modules, increasing international visibility and cross-cutting development.
Performance rating: product structure optimization, i-age growth, individual focus, synergy, i-age outlook: Golway Focus semiconductor industry, clear distinction between the Gol-based stock-building and core zero-component consumer electronics industry, with future scores
Once it's off the market, Golway is continuously increasing the competitiveness of the mems sensors and microsystem modules.
(a) Performance forecast rating: the forecast is over-expected, over-focused, with greater input in the field of precision zero components and meta-cosm (vr/mr/ar/ smart glasses), smart wear, smart headphones, smart home and so on, and
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we look forward to a significant growth space based on profit restoration, product structural optimization, production trends, and maintain the previous profit forecast, 2024-2026.
Gore shares are based on three major financial forecasts. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.