In the long run, there is still a gap between the country’s insurance density, depth, and penetration.
Low, and at a time when the premium rate has stagnated, the country is generally in a state of sufficiently advanced economic development, and we are still able to maintain a 6% gdp rate that will support the cost growth space for a longer period of time. 2) Health and wellness insurance will be the main driving force behind the increase in the cost of life insurance.
The combined rate of increase is 34.3 per cent, far higher than life insurance (13.2 per cent) and accident insurance (18.2 per cent); ageing plus the apparent lack of coverage of commercial health insurance has led to an increase in the health management needs of the population and is expected to gradually release future health and wellness needs.
Building on the full scale of transition 2.0, which focuses on the development of long-term guaranteed operations and the upgrading of agent capacity and the convergence of industry trends, it will make a firm push for life-risk transition and long-term value growth.
Household demand has risen and regulations have tightened, and the life-risk industry is at a turning point, moving into a new cycle centred on high-quality development.
In addition to the 26 per cent annual compound increase in the annual contribution rate, which has risen to 49 per cent, and the continued optimization of the product structure; and the focus on the need for health security, which has led to a 56 per cent increase in the long-term health insurance rate of 2019h, the company has developed a network of health services to create an “insurance + health + old age” ecology.
(ii) Focus group: companies implement stratification, graphics and fine management, invest in three key teams, be a big core, drive team formation, continue to be optimized, monthly performance and healthy manpower are growing steadily, and per capita capacity continues to be raised.
Up, with a three-year compound growth rate of 8.2 per cent in the value of the new business per capita, the agent channel is driven by a scale-driven shift towards productive capacity. 3) Focus on enabling skills: training of technology enablers, 1,000-person targeted training through scenario-based exercises, i-virtual technology, etc., to support the agent exhibition industry;
Technology `External Services' to enhance client experience and service value. = 0.882 yuan RMB =  shareholder returns are excellent  investments are sound and long-term attractions are significant. ) The company's cash-sharing capability is significant.
Strong, with a 45% share of red (based on net return to the mother, arithmetic average) for the last 10 years, far above the market partners: in the future, companies will either move to a profit base, and the share of red is expected to remain stable at a high level. Under the trend of lower returns on national debt, the share of high and stable dividends will be split.
The long-term attraction of being a market-scarce asset is also significant. 2) The high red rate also makes companies more prudent in their investment investments. The firm’s share of solid assets is always above 80%, with shares and equity funds being among the lowest on the market; interest income is the most significant share of investment returns.
High, 2019h, 81.8 per cent; robust investment styles and high fixed-income ratios have resulted in less volatility in the TPIP rate of return, which in recent years has remained around 5 per cent net and total investment rate of return, with fluctuations lower than those of peers.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies focus on long-term value growth and firmly push forward the transformation of life insurance operations, and future gains are expected to increase as the life insurance industry transforms into a value-oriented industry, with health insurance needs becoming more visible.
3. China Taibo (601601); nbv period; 3) gdr issues suppression stock prices.
From 2017 to the present, the life insurance sector has gradually moved from scale to value, driven by long end interest rates, rising demand for insurance coverage, regulatory controls to control the risk of profit spreads, and industry returns to security.
China's Taipa has actively adapted its strategic direction to promote transformation 2.0 on the basis of transformation 1.0, focusing on the development of long-term secure operations and the upgrading of agent capacity, in line with trends in the development of the industry, and will continue to have scope for the growth of premiums in the long term, such as the regulatory environment, the marketing environment and the investment climate.
High rates of economic growth support the country’s long-term increase in premiums. The main factors influencing the growth of premiums in life insurance include the economic development level, interest rates, age structure of the population, etc., compared to the increase in premiums in the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan and our country, and the increase in gdp.
After a long and sustained cycle of growth in life insurance income, the rate of growth has slowed or stagnated, while the current rate of growth in gdp has remained at over 6%, and the high rate of growth in the economy has supported the increase in premiums. Figure 2: British life insurance income and the rate of increase in gdp
Figure 3: Income from Japanese life insurance premiums and the gdp rate of increase
In 2018, the coverage density and depth of the country was much lower than that of the major Euro-Americans, and it fell significantly behind Japan, Korea, and insurance penetration remained low and the market prospects were high. Three or four-line cities remained the Blue Sea, with Taibo having a comparative advantage.
Middle-end, low-end markets: 1) high-end markets include mainly high-value populations in first-line cities, with high demand for wealth transmission, high-end medical care, with the main competing companies being friends, Peace (high-guest) etc.; 2) middle-end markets are mainly inclusive of other people on the one-line and second-line cities, where consumer demand for insurance is greater, and where the value for money of the product is valued at the same time
Competition is most intense. Since 2017, insurance premiums have declined faster as a result of regulatory restrictions on savings-based products; (3) low-end markets are other urban markets, and consumer demand for insurance guarantees is greater, with emphasis on brands and prices, mainly involving large insurance companies, a stable pattern of competition and a channel advantage. In addition, there are four-line urban dwellers.
Property is invested heavily in bank deposits or bank finance, and as consumer awareness changes and increases, demand for insurance in low-end markets will continue to grow.
In 2011-2018, the combined health insurance premium increased by 34.3 per cent, well above life insurance (13.2 per cent) and accident insurance (18.2 per cent). In the first half of 2019, the market share of health insurance went beyond vehicle insurance and became the second largest in the insurance market; as of October 2019, the health insurance premium earned $539.8 billion.
The proportion of persons in danger rose to 20.5 per cent, a significant increase of 13.4 percentage points from 7.1 per cent in 2011. Population ageing has increased and commercial health insurance coverage is significantly inadequate. 1) The social health insurance model is based on basic social health insurance, supplemented by other supplementary health insurance and commercial health insurance.
The total cost of living has continued to rise, but the coverage of the commercial health insurance has been significantly inadequate, reaching less than 10 per cent of the population in 2017; at the same time, per capita income has increased rapidly and the level of social security coverage has not been sufficient to meet the needs of middle- and high-income groups. (2) The country ' s population aged 65 and over now stands at 11.9 per cent of the total population and has a large population base, and will be older as life expectancy per capita rises.
The population is expected to rise more rapidly each year. Ageing is increasing + the population’s health management awareness is increasing, and future residents’ demand for commercial health insurance is expected to be gradually released.
Figure 10: Annual increase in the proportion of the population over 65 years of age
Figure 13: China’s commercial health insurance coverage is far from adequate (2017) The cost of personal health care is too high, and there is a wide future for commercial health insurance. The country’s health-care spending is rising rapidly, but the share of personal spending is relatively high, with the burden on the population.
Now, in 2015, we spent 39.7 per cent on hygiene, well above other mature markets. In 2018, we spent about 5.9 trillion yuan on health, an increase of 12.4 per cent compared to the previous year, although it fell to 29 per cent, but it is still high compared to the major developed countries. There is still much room for growth in our business health risks.
Figure 15: The share of health-care expenditures in gdp by country is 1.3. Regulation guides the industry back to ensuring that the country’s spring-risk market is at a turning point for rapid growth.
Phase I: Life insurance operations began to resume in 1982 and, after recovery in the 1990s, life insurance products focused more on security, with ordinary life insurance as the main product, while the Insurance Council was formally established in 1998. Phase II: After entering 2000, the silver insurance channel began to be launched, the industry grew rapidly, and the premium was launched; Phase III: 2008 gold
In the wake of the crisis, the industry has entered a period of depression, coupled with the tightening of the sale of products in late 2010 and the beginning of the spread of insurance coverage. Phase IV: In 2014, benefiting from the warming of the capital market, increased returns from the investments of insurance companies and the outbreak of short-lived renewables. Phase V: from 2017 to the present, industry regulations have become more stringent, with regulations emphasizing insurance return guarantees.
On the whole, the income from the life insurance insurance policy has been increasing at a high rate, starting in 2017, the Silver Insurance Board has strengthened its supervision, emphasizing the nature of the insurance, and the premiums have been rising at a faster rate than ever before, and is currently in the process of being published in month 134, the Circular of the China Insurance Commission, which regulates the design of personal insurance companies' products.
The restructuring was completed by 1st month, and has since had a significant impact on the structure of the industry, with fast-track products severely restricted, while previous insurance companies are accelerating the development of guaranteed products. In this context, large-scale listed risk companies will be more advantaged in terms of product cards, channels, products, etc. The share of large-scale listed risk companies in long-term guaranteed products is currently relatively high.
High, with a sharper regulatory dividend, small and medium-sized risk companies will be hit even more during the transformation of the industry. Focusing on the insurance industry, the combined strength has steadily increased.
Since its inception, the EPS has been active in setting up and diversifying its operations around the chain of insurance owners. The company’s operations are divided into three main lines of operations: personal, property and investment, and in 2014 it achieved full insurance plates for life, maternity, old-age, health, agricultural and asset management.
The Bureau has subsidiaries such as the EPP, EPP, EPS, Yangtze, EPS, ANXIN, ESP, ESP, and EPI. Motherhood net profits, net asset size continue to increase. Group profitability, net return in the third quarter of 2019.
A profit of $22.91 billion, or +80.2%, is mainly the first half of the year when tax advantages released profits and equity markets turned back on an average of more than 10% a year. Sustained profits drive a steady increase in net assets, reaching $17.2 billion as of 2019 q3, net assets of the group return, benefiting from the continued expansion of the underwriting and the accumulation of returns at the end of the investment, the size of the group ' s assets, and
Figure 25: Group core solvency adequacy is better than that of peers 2.2. The equity structure is fragmented, corporate governance is superior, the equity structure is decentralized, and there are no controlling shareholders.
According to corporate accounts, the group ' s main shareholders are actually controlled by the Shanghai City State Finance Committee, the State Treasury Committee of the State Department of State, and the Ministry of Finance, of which the combined direct and indirect actual shareholdings of the Shanghai State Finance Committee are 23 per cent, the group ' s largest shareholder.
In 2019, the former chairman of the insurance scheme, Seo Ying-hye, the general manager, Jin-hwa, and the deputy general manager, Wang Yun-dong, resigned and the former group finance director, Ms. Pan Yan-hong, took over as the insurance policy.
General Manager, new management changes are in place. Most new management joins the company for many years, is well-informed about the market, is experienced in business, is still more focused on value growth in development strategies, does not pursue aggregate targets, and is sustainable in corporate business development. In addition, companies lead the management ' s equity incentive system, which is up to 201H1 executives.
The system of senior-level equity incentives, which aligns management interests with corporate interests, is expected to drive faster company growth. Life insurance is firmly transformed, and short-term fluctuations do not disturb long-term values.
3.1. Transition 2.0 focused values, contributing to re-elevation Full push for transformation 2.0, striving to become a benchmark for a new cycle of transition. Beginning in 2012, the EPP began a transition 1.0, with the implementation of “Focus marketing, focus period pay-off” and “Crowd-driven” development strategies, with priority given to the development of safeguards and security.
Long-term savings-type products, which drive the shift of the silver insurance channel to a sales model of “with a view to contributing to the core”. Since the transition, the business structure of life insurance has continued to optimize, with a rapid increase in total premium revenues, new policy premiums and new business values, and a significant increase in the value of new operations.
Three major new dynamics drive the upgrading of the marketing workforce structure, adding value to services through customer ecosphere-building, and enhancing the skills of the General Flows Section to accelerate overall high-quality development. Figure 27: Total premium revenue for 2012-2019q3 life insurance operations
Figure 28: The revenue from the new policy premium from the proxy channel 2011-2019h has continued to rise Focus Team: three key teams have been created to promote agent efficiency. In the transition 2.0, the company has implemented a stratification of graphics and fine management, investing in three key teams, making a big core of manpower, leading to excellence, and nurturing.
In the new generation, the team structure continues to be optimized. 1) Large core manpower: continuous upgrading with certain managerial or marketing capabilities, up to 40%: 2) high performance: the number of top performers worldwide is currently 600 (based on the creation of the mdrt mark and changes in consumer behaviour and habits, companies plan to develop a more digitized marketing service model, and more)
A new generation of creative thinking models, leading to future-oriented competitiveness. The current generation of companies has a new-generation workforce with a focus on empowerment: technology empowerment, e-services, and upgrading of client experience. Companies create the brand of e-services, promoting service efficiency, experience leadership, value enhancement.
To build a “nuclear power” to achieve a new model of nuclear security services; to upgrade the compensation service to create a full-chain system of compensation and compensation services. Companies continue to promote the upgrading of their customer service model to promote the sale of services and the integration of marketing services. 2) Continue to enhance the value of services: companies build an “insurance + health” + old-age ecological circle and occupy the old-age professional service system.
High point, adding value to the health services of the helper customer. Transforming the end goal 2.0: "Focus Values." As an important measure of the strength of life insurance companies, assessing the value owners is made up of intrinsic value and the value of future new business.
Long pressure has led to much larger and lower-valued operations. Companies are now in a state of transition, with a greater emphasis on long-term value growth relative to the volatility of the scale of the phase, and it is expected that the value of the company will be preserved as the effect of the transition evolves.
Figure 30: Value rate of new operations of companies 2011 - 2019h Figure 29: Size and speed of companies 2011 - 2019h, nbv size and speed of increase
The growing size of its premium revenue will drive the growth of life insurance business values. Since 2011, it has been less than 1% in a row; traditional life insurance has been rising steadily, reaching 35% in the first half of 2019; and bonus coverage has been increasing as opposed to keeping Le Wu Xin Xin Xian.
Figure 32: Structural improvements in the product structure of the Pacific Life Insurance (TPI), Figure 33: Maintenance of the increase in the cost of the new policy for long-term security, focus on the need for health security, leading the health insurance industry at a faster rate. 1) In the first half of 2019, companies achieved long-term health
Insurance income of $27,717 million, a 56 per cent increase from the previous year, was the largest in the industry; health insurance income was between 3.7 percentage points and 20.0 per cent at the beginning of the comparison.) As the group ' s development strategy deepened, the penetration of company-provided health insurance products and services among the TPG clients increased, and short-term health insurance products were the personal clients with long life insurance coverage.
The rate of penetration reached 10.4%, an increase of 3.4 percentage points from the previous year. The company continues to expand its network of health services and actively collaborates with the big health-economy parties to launch innovative health-care products and services and continuously upgrades its client, Le Wu Xin.
Figure 36: Rates of increase and proportion of long-term health insurance premiums from 2015 to 2019h Figure 38: Number of new clients (millions) of short-term medical insurance for life insurance marketing staff Figure 39: Permeability of short-term health insurance among individual clients of long-term health insurance
Figure 40: Substantial supply of services and creation of the “Insurance + Health + Old Age” biosphere 3.3. Channel angle: Focus on agent productivity upgrading Agent transformation: driven from scale to capacity production.
The growth rate reached a high point and has slowed considerably since then; the expansion of personnel quickly led to a low threshold for agent growth, insufficient training of personnel, and an increase in per capita productivity well below the premium increase, with the growth of new singles being driven mainly by growth in agent size; and, at the same time, the complexity of the safeguard-type product provisions, which were sold mainly through a risky channel, with high demands on agents and a return to industry security.
After the introduction of the transition in 2018, companies promoted a high-quality growth of the agency’s workforce: 1) the establishment of a rigorous basic system and effective regulatory management, as well as decentralized training facilitation;
2) Training in the management of the stratification of the workforce, the proactive elimination of sub-standard agents, the general size of the company ' s workforce, the steady growth of its monthly good and healthy manpower, the continuous improvement of per capita productive capacity, the bias of its proxies towards new business value per capita, and the expected upgrading of the company ' s marketing workforce structure will drive long-term value growth.
Figure 46: Continuous increase in the value of new business per capita
3.4. Asset end: sound investment style with a stable rate of return of 11.2 per cent. In terms of asset allocation, the company is largely dominated by fixed-income assets, and in 2019 q3 fixed-income assets were held by Le Wu securities
Figure 50: Status of investment asset allocation for 2012 - 2019q3
A robust investment style and a high fixed-income ratio have resulted in less volatile and stable investment returns, with net investment returns and total investment returns remaining around 5 per cent in recent years.
The premium rate has risen at a steady rate and the market share is third. Since it was listed, the income from the insurance premium has continued to rise from $23.5 billion in 2007 to $11.7 billion in 2018, with more than 16 per cent of cagr, and the share of the insurance market has continued to be the highest in the industry.