New energy materials are available, traditional energy transitions open new paths, new energy sources (600188.sh) are available, and traditional energy transformations open new paths.
Companies publish the Development Strategy Framework: Building on existing industry layouts, identify five directions for industrial development: mining, high-end chemicals, new energy, high-end equipment manufacturing, and intelligent logistics. The company’s future energy transformation is well planned and is expected to increase the number of industrial chains, as a high-quality coal company and the largest country.
Given that the outline project is at the planning stage, it does not take into account the contribution of performance. We maintain the previous profit forecast, which is expected to result in a net return to the parent profit margin in 2021-2023, which corresponds to the current share price, p. 7.3.6.5.6.3 times. The “buy-in” rating is maintained.
• Mining operations: increased coal master planning and diversification of mining varieties
The current controlling shareholder, Shandong Energy Group, has 300 million tons of coal production. In mining areas such as molybdenum, gold, copper, iron, potassium, etc.: Metal mining is less carbon neutral and less influential, and continued global economic growth will continue to generate stable demand.
● Coalification operations: green low-carbon high-end development with more production planned 70%: currently less than 5 million tons of chemical products, three times the planned increase, coal companies have a clear resource advantage, raw materials are self-sufficient and low-cost.
ethanol, ethanol, acetic acid, ethyl acetic acid, etc., are planned to extend the existing industrial chain to high-value-added products, and to increase the volume through the construction of new material bases.
Hydrocarbons, photovoltaics, etc. Quarterly Report - O3 Performance Review — New Energy Business: Green Power Industry such as Wind and Opening Hydrogen Races
Visible, overseas flexibilities o4 growth - tons/year: wind and light voltage for green power development, which is the main policy direction of the day, and Central Economic Work Session.
Note that new renewable energy sources are not included in total energy consumption controls; build on existing industrial chains to produce hydrogen, which can be scaled up and see the performance of overseas coal-price rises release. Use of sub-hydrogen tail gas to increase product value added. Future national top hydrogen energy plans are expected to be in place to become a nation.
Areas of focus for development. “Commercial Quarterly Review Report - Quarterly Performance Increases, Coal Industries Release Flexibility”