Event and summary: On 15 December, the company announced the outline of its development strategy for the future of the transition
Making long-term planning: based on a strong focus on major industries, companies are planning to transform into five industries: mining, high-end chemicals, new materials, new energy sources, high-end equipment manufacturing, and intelligent logistics, with single coal, chemical industries, into integrated energy mining service providers.
The strategy for the development of mineral energy is highly compatible with the carbon neutrality and spirit of the central carbon peak, particularly as the recent Central Economic Workshop proposed that coal-based basics be developed to capture the clean and efficient use of coal.
Increased capacity to absorb new energy sources and promote a combination of coal and new energy excellence. The integrated consideration of the industrial resource and operational base of the Shandong Energy Group, the forward-looking, scientific and operational development strategy for the mining industry, and its transformation to growth-oriented integrated energy miners are to be expected.
In minerals such as copper, iron, potassium and so on, the transition from single coal to multi-mine development. 2021 The Shandong Energy Group, a shareholder, achieved 270 million tons of coal production by 2020 and the company intends to double its production in 5-10 years through group asset injection, timely mergers and acquisitions, and endogenous development.
300 million tons/year. In 2011, the original mine group acquired a Canadian stockpile of 8,576 million tons of high-quality potassium mine resources, which are currently under development; in 2017, a joint venture was signed with Venezuela to develop gold minerals in all three of Venezuela ' s blocks; and in 2020, the company held shares in the interior.
With mineral resources such as gold, molybdenum and associated resources developed, acquired and acquired, the company will be able to make a transition from single coal to multi-mine development.
End-chemicals accounted for more than 70%. On September 13th of this year, the Secretary-General of Xiao Xi Jinlin suggested that the coal industry had great potential and promise; on November 17, the country decided to establish a 200 billion loan to support the clean and efficient use of coal; and in December, the Central Economic Work Session cleaned coal up.
The development of modern coal industry is as important as the development of new energy sources, and the development of modern coal industry is an important way of clean and efficient use of coal and a promising future for industry. Over the past decade or so, the company has built coal industry through the construction of established projects and a series of asset mergers and acquisitions.
The industrial cluster development system, which has multiple complete industrial chains of gasification, coal liquefied coal, produced 4.58 million tons of corporate chemical products in 2020 (of which 1.82 million tons of methanol, 1.07 million tons of acetic acid, 410,000 tons of crude liquid waxes) and, if the planned target is met, the company chemical output will increase threefold; and
The company's first initiative is to create a new energy industry: to promote the development of new energy industries such as wind power, photovoltaics, and associated storage, with a view to achieving a new energy grid of more than 10 million kW in 5-10 years.
Sinda Securities Inc. has more than 100,000 tonnes/year of hydrogen supply.
The new provincial energy investment platform, established by the Government, is leading the development of offshore wind power in the Tantung region; in addition, the Shandong Energy Group is playing a major role in the planning of the 14th Five-Five Photovoltor 57gw in Beijing, Beijing, and Beijing, in the West Side.
To play a role. The company's first initiative is to create a new energy industry based on the idea of avoiding competition among peers, and it should be the only marketable place for the controlling shareholders in a new energy industry, such as wind power, photovoltaics and ancillary storage, the position and position of the Energy Group in the province, and the space for a new energy industry in the company.
With regard to hydrogen energy, Shandong Energy Group is the main sponsor of the Shandong Hydrogen Energy and Fuel Cell Industry Alliance and is also deeply involved in the Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Hydrogen Energy Industry in Shandong Province, leading four successive sessions of the China Hydrogen and Hydrogen Energy Industry Congress. Shandong, a chemical department, Hydrogen
According to the National Energy Agency, about 962,000 tons of hydrogen can be recovered annually from coal-fired gas and other industrial tailings. The strategic framework proposes to build on the advantages of the existing coal-chemical industry, which has been developed in a sequence of downstream industries such as hydrogen.
High-end equipment manufacturing industry and intelligent logistics industry: building on existing equipment manufacturing industry, focus on developing traditional niche products such as high-end coal-making, expanding the manufacture of new energy equipment such as windmills, and nurturing medium- and high-end series of products. Integrated products, users, third-party service providers, building intelligent logistics
On 14 December, the Shandong Energy Group signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Tokyo Group, which will cooperate fully in areas such as intellectual logistics. Corporate strategic planning is a model for coal and new energy optimization.
The conference stated: “Consistent with coal-based fundamentals, clean and efficient use of coal, increased capacity for new energy consumption, and promotion of a combination of coal and new energy optimization.” Corporate strategic planning is fully aligned with the central philosophy of developing modern coal-chemicals and coal-based industries in parallel with strong coal-based industries.
New energy resources, which actively and securely drive energy transformation under the “double carbon target.” Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect the company’s net return profits in 2021-2023 to be seriously underestimated by the state coal industry, respectively, looking at the strategic transformation of the company, its growth space and its decline.
Price catalysts: development strategy projects landed; prices of products such as coal, crude oil, acetic acid, methanol, etc. \triangleright
Risk factors: policy over-expected risk of regulating coal prices; “epidemiological” recurrent repression of domestic and foreign economies; recovery momentum: production in progress or capacity in construction projects released less than expected: risk of safe production accidents: Ann
All regulation has become more restrictive in the production of coal mines, with the former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chairs) working in coal.
For more than a decade now, it has been working on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Plan, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory projects, and in June 2016, it has been working on the coal sector.
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering at the General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business Administration at the Chinese People’s University, was added to the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.