Ely shares (600887.sh) for the future of the moat, solid and platformed development, 27/04/2020
• Ely shares have a strong position and a clear competitive advantage, with the first-time coverage of the rating given to “buy-in” investments The trend towards increased concentration in the industry has remained unchanged, Ely shares have been increasing their own channel push and product competitiveness, the market has been 1.18, 1.21, 1.38, ps, 27, 26, 23 times, respectively, and the first-time coverage has been given
• The dairy industry has increased its prices, and the concentration of the industry has increased steadily, and today the average per capita consumption of dairy products and dairy products is still at a low level.
Given the impact of the epidemic, we believe that the industry may remain competitive in the short term. Competition should be the norm in the long term, but it may slow down: one side has a tight balance in the supply of the original milk, and cost pressures may slow the marketing effort, while the product may vary.
In addition, brand strategies have led manufacturers to focus on protecting the image of high-end products so as not to promote frequent marketing that harms brand power. Epidemic shocks can accelerate the retreat of small and medium-sized milk producers from the market, leading firms with a strong share of the market, industry concentration, or accelerated growth.
• Company channels and products have clear advantages, brands are strong, and front-line barriers are strong. The Elysian barriers are: on the one hand, channel power is strong, as is the breadth of channel coverage and the depth of industry leading down; on the other hand, channels are flattened, and the market is more powerful. In addition, the dynamic layout is new.
The second is that, thanks to sustained R & D inputs, companies have a product line that is well organized to meet the needs of different consumers in different contexts. The third is that a good brand image has been created that captures consumer intelligence.
• Companies are actively promoting product diversification, exploiting overseas markets through mergers and acquisitions, cooperation, etc. Eli shares are actively promoting product diversification, with milk as their core, expanding in successive ways in the form of milk, milk and drink, and healthy drinks, gradually becoming food giants.
With the completion of the business sector system, we expect a wide range of non-breeding spaces to grow. In addition, companies have been globalizing their brand image through mergers and acquisitions, cooperation, and so on.
The company has a long-term dairy industry and is the leader of the industry. The Eli Group was founded in 1993 to operate as the main company for the production, processing and sale of dairy products. The company’s product categories have been expanded gradually, and now have a department for liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, low temperatures, healthy drinks, cheese and cheese. In 2019, the company’s share was the eighth largest in the global dairy industry, four consecutively.
Equity incentives and employee ownership boost team motivation and stability. Ely shares are fragmented, executives have a relatively large share, with 7.92% of top 10 shareholders.
After the stimulus program was launched in 2019, a restrictive equity incentive scheme was introduced, amounting to 152 million shares, benefiting company directors and implementing it in 10 instalments a year. The equity incentive scheme and the employee holding scheme fully motivate management teams and guarantee the company’s sustainability, health, and stability.
Figure 2: Senior managers holding 7.9 per cent of shares in the equity structure Figure 3: IRI shares 2019q1-q3 business income increase by 12.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis
2.1. Industry prices have risen, and China’s dairy industry, which has a wide potential for future development, has grown more mature and steadily. Since 2006, the dairy industry has been growing at a rate of more than 15%.
At this stage, dairy companies focus more on product quality and continuously upgrade their product structure, such as the introduction of a pyrolytic milk moslyam in the light milk industry in 2009. Consumers tend to favor soft milk, high-end white milk, etc., and become a gift option for family and friends on consumer holidays.
The dairy industry has matured, growing steadily, from 5.5% to $4,1.63 billion in 2019. The consumption of dairy products per capita has continued to rise, but there is still much room for development.
The per capita consumption of dairy products has increased from 10 kg/person in 2006 to 22 kg/person in 2019. The per capita consumption of dairy products has continued to rise, but it is still larger than in Japan, where dietary habits are similar, with the average consumption of dairy products amounted to 40 kg/person in 2019.
The average consumption of dairy products in low-line cities is lower per capita in urban and rural areas, and only 7 kg per capita in rural areas. There is still much room for improvement in the consumption of dairy products per capita in low-line cities.
Since 2006, China’s per capita milk consumption is still low, at only a quarter of Japan’s. China’s per capita consumption of dairy products will continue to rise in the future, as the population’s consumption rises:
(1) The consumption of dairy products is more healthy and green, and there is an increased focus on dairy nutrients, such as protein content. High-end dairy products, such as organic milk, are more popular with consumers. (2) Consumers are increasingly aware of the high nutritional value of dairy products and offer them as a gift.
Higher-end dairy products, such as gold medallions, Trondsu, and Ammush, have gift attributes and raise per capita dairy consumption (3) Consumers are not yet well informed about dairy types and consumption structures are simple. The 2018 China Milk Vendor Report shows that 74% of consumers often drink milk, 52% drink yogurt, while 13% consume it.
In the future, as consumers become more aware of dairy products, the structure of dairy consumption can be improved and more dairy products are consumed. 2.2 The industry has a double-occupational pattern and industry concentration continues to increase.
Dairy companies can be divided broadly into national dairy companies (Eli shares, Montagnard milk industry, etc.), regional dairy enterprises (Handy milk industry, new dairy industry, etc.), local dairy enterprises (Yung Poon milk industry, etc.) and small dairy companies (Four Trails), depending on market share and scope.
Of these, the national dairy company Ely shares, the Maung Cow milk industry has a combined share of about 65%, which is more than 50% over the long term, and the industry has a stable double-occupational pattern. The national dairy enterprise is in a state of regular competition and will compete or slow down in the future.
Promotion is influenced by changes in business strategies, changes in the supply of and demand for upstream milk. Often, when the supply of milk is higher than the demand, firms absorb excess capacity by spraying or promoting it. The basic white milk in our dairy industry is generally competitive.
In the future, competition in the dairy sector is expected to slow: (1) Basic white milk: changes in the supply of and demand for upstream milk are one of the major factors influencing the promotion of dairy companies.
For example, in 2014 the supply of original milk was greater than the demand, with dairy companies increasing their sales. By 2020, the milk line was still slow, and the cow growth cycle took about two years, and the original milk supply was tight.
The price of original milk is still in the upper cycle, the cost pressures on dairy companies are increasing, and the promotion of basic white milk is increased by (2) high-end dairy products: the national dairy company Ely shares in 2019q2 and the milk industry in Moncs for high-end dairy gold medals and pure milk. Both parties are promoting their own relatively vulnerable products.
Over the long term, large dairy firms will not increase their promotion of high-end dairy products: on the one hand, there are differences in products, such as the non-satisfaction of the pristine milk-Anmush to compete fully with pure prices; on the other hand, there is a high incidence of competition.
So far, in the absence of new high-end blasts, the high-end single items such as Ammush, Gold, Pure, Trenzou are still the company’s main profits.
The dairy industry needs to invest market fees to digest the stock of products, but in the process small dairy companies have a weak brand, mainly low-end products and fewer marketable items, and have a weak channel during the process:
(1) Some small and medium-sized dairy enterprises need to subsidize their costs to distributors, possibly because of high profit pressures (2) some small and medium-sized dairy enterprises have a weak bargaining power, low-end products need to follow through on the elimination of the long-term Ely shares and the milk industry, and product prices are further reduced and product power reduced;
(3) Some dairy companies are under pressure to absorb high-end products because of their weak branding over Ely shares and the milk industry, while large dairy firms have stable, channel, product, brand power and strong financial resources that allow them to harvest their share during this period, concentration in the industry or acceleration.
3. Channels and products have clear advantages, brands are strong, competition barriers are strong, 3.1. Channels flatten, both deep and wide. Company channels have been strong for many years.
The company’s brighter milk industry and the late introduction of the Momo Cow milk industry, however, with its efficient, wide-ranging and in-depth system of channels, has rapidly opened up the product, reaching 14 billion in 2018, far higher than the pure milk and bright milk industry of Moncow. As of June 2019, the company’s usual product was Mothrian.
The market for warm milk has a penetration rate of 83.9%, and the same rate is 2.7 pcts. Corporate access barriers are strong: (1) the channel flattens, and Eli shares are very much in control of the channel.
Distributors are of varying quality and cost is mainly packaged to distributors, and enterprises have less control over the terminal and are less efficient at a later stage. In addition, distributors have more hierarchical distributors, less responsive channels and less stable distributors when the environment deteriorates.
Corporate ownership of sales orders, input costs and sales people, and development of markets with distributors have led to higher upfront investments, which have resulted in higher levels of investment.
Long-cycle, but later post-construction channels are quick to respond, and companies have strong control over them. Through embedded management of channels, companies can gain insight into end-marketing, cost-disbursing, and so on, helping companies to promote a wide range of products, understand consumer demand, and adjust market strategies in a timely manner.
After years of deep farming work, the company’s direct control of the village network reached 2018.
608,000 households, or 14.7 per cent more than the same year; 2019h1 companies have a permeability rate of 86.2 per cent in three or four-line cities, or 2.3 per cent more than 2018h1. In 2017, the share of Ely shares in each line city was more than 30 per cent higher than that of Monx, while China ' s low-line cities continue to have low per capita consumption of dairy products, which is still at an upscaling stage, with large channels.
According to Euromonitor, sales on the liquid milk line have increased from 0.1% in 2008 to 6% in 2019. In 2018, the company power provider's business was gaining momentum.
Since the outbreak of the epidemic in January 2020, there has been a 70% increase in the stock of channels compared to previous years.
The company spends a lot of money to recover products and compensate distributors, and absorbs stocks of products through new channels such as community retailing. The pipeline stock is now relatively benign, and the distributors can lighten up for holiday consumption peaks. Some small and medium-sized dairy companies are at this stage under financial pressure.
During this period, companies can take advantage of networks and channels, enhance the depth of channels and 3.2, the product lines, and continue to optimize the product structure. The company’s operations are mainly liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, and trajectories.
Over the years, the product lines and prices are now more complete. For example, liquid milk medium companies have prepared warm milk and low-temperature milk, which includes white milk and warm milk, cold milk, cold milk, cold milk, and low-temperature milk beverages.
The continued optimization of the product structure is one of the driving forces behind the growth of corporate revenue. Since 2013, product structure upgrading has continued, contributing 28%, 70%, and 44%, respectively, to the growth of revenues from liquid milk, cold drinks, and milk powder operations.
Figure 19: Growth in product structure optimization since 2013 The company has continued to invest in research and development and to upgrade its product structure. Corporate R&D spending as a share of revenue has steadily increased since 2015.
In 2018, company R & D costs increased by 104% over the same period, and R & D expenditures accounted for 0.53% of revenue, far more than Mon cattle and Light. Eli’s shares set up a dairy research institute, a Chinese breast milk database, a mother and child nutrition research centre, and the European Research and Development Centre of Iraq, among others, to promote production through a research and development platform called Basic R & D-T upgrade-product development.
Figure 22: The Ely shares actively introduce new products each year, and the bulk of the monoliths continue to expand the product’s life cycle. Products usually undergo import, long-term, maturity and recession from the moment they are ready to enter the market. As the volume of new products increases and the rate of growth slows, they gradually grow.
In the long run, the magnanimity of the gold, the Ammush and the two big monoliths began to slow down as the volume went over 10 billion, and the company developed new tastes and consumption scenes to extend the product's life by introducing new products, new packagings and new ones. (1) Ammush: Ely's shares were introduced more late in the milk industry than the milk industry, but it was later in the milk industry.
On the one hand, there is an intensive introduction of new tastes, new tastes, to meet the diverse needs of consumers, such as walnut oatmeal, orange pineapple, etc., and, on the other hand, the introduction of pet bottles, glimmers, platinum wrapping products, and the expansion of drinking scenes.
20-30%. Ammush will be able to grow steadily in the future as new items continue to be introduced and more are sunk into low-line cities.
(2) Gold Books: After more than a decade of growth, the size of the 2018 gold medals has broken out by 10 billion and the difference between the competition and the Trinity Trondsus has gradually narrowed. On the one hand, companies have been upgrading their milk sources, e.g. by rolling out milk with protein content of 3.8g/100ml, and by importing milk from New Zealand; on the other hand, they have been upgrading packaging, e.g. by introducing illusions.
Packaging, with more portable lids, etc. The gold medallion novels now account for about 30% of the gold medallion series. Figure 26: Goldmark introduces new products, upgrades packagings, in-depth development of older products, and pre-positions the market.
There is still much room for growth in relatively low-cost white milk. Companies dig deep into consumer demand, reposition products, introduce new tastes and packaging, and nurture old items. For example, smiley faces in condensed milk, new ones; Children's milk rolls small blue bottles and add fruit berries, which are very popular with children.
The white milk was initially packaged in plastic, and as consumption rose, the packaging upgraded the brittle pillow, the company pre-positioned the 40-dollar price band, improved the price belt and pre-positioned the consumption upgrade.
The online companies have been actively involved since 2015 in the title of the programme, which is a large video show and popular entertainment, such as The Summer of Bands in 2019, and The Bottom of 2020.
One stop is happiness, and so on, close to the young consumers. In addition to opening up factories in 2013 to enable consumers to see every production chain, I actively participate in major events, such as sponsoring the Olympic Games, to shape good, healthy, dynamic brands. In addition to being on the line, Eli also works across borders to promote brands.
Images, such as personalized marketing using platform big data, in collaboration with platforms such as Suning; branding promotion using kol marketing, such as Li Jia Qi live broadcasts. Figure 27: Eli uses online and cross-border cooperation for marketing
Telecom live: lpl, Winter Olympics, osl star invite.
Platform collaboration: Suning, Mother and Child Experience Shop
The World Expo, the Expo, and the company’s brand, which ranks first in China’s brand. From the 2004 “From the Inner Mongolia steppe” to the 2016 “Invigorated brand”, Eli’s shares always show healthy, young brand image.
Since 2015, Ely’s shares have become the most frequently purchased brand in China, with the purchase frequency, penetration rate, and consumer contacts exceeding the major brands of Kang Shifu, Wangwang, and Monx. Consumers reached 1275 in 2018, an increase of 5.1% over the same year, and brand power.
The company has adopted a product diversification strategy, extending from dairy to non-milk products. The 2014 Ely Stock Upgrading Company, with its vision of “being the world's most trustworthy provider of healthy food,” has been testing water for non-milk since 2014.
The company is now in the process of extending dairy products to beverage. Today, the share of Erie in non-milk products is still small, and there is scope for non-milk products to develop in the future.
Figure 28: The diversity of the Ili stock category since 2016 optimizes the organizational structure and adjusts the channels and lines of the Ministry to foster new products.
In 2018, in an effort to better coordinate resources and optimize the organizational structure, the company established the Ministry of Cheese, and the Ministry of Health and Drinks.
In 2019, the new Department of Operations was responsible for incubating new products, such as coffee, milk mines, and so on. When the restructuring of the organization is completed, the channel system and operating model will be better suited to different stages of new product characteristics, the potential for new products may be released gradually, and there is much room for non-milk products to grow.
Since the launch of the GlobalWeb Initiative in 2013, Eli’s shares have been working to strengthen links with the world in research and development, production, and business cooperation, and to create an internationally renowned brand image:
(1) R & D: In 2014, the European R & D Centre was set up in cooperation with the University of Vaheningen, the Netherlands, and agreements were signed with New Zealand and United States enterprises to develop and develop products. (2) Production: Eli established overseas plants in New Zealand, Italy, the United States, etc., and acquired Thai in 2018
The acquisition of New Zealand’s second-largest dairy company, Westland, in 2019, by the country’s largest ice cream company, could satisfy consumer diversity, broaden the range of dairy sources and complement the rest of the northern and southern hemisphere. (3) Business cooperation: Eli’s shares worked closely with many world-renowned businesses.
13 Global Strategic Partners, such as Leather, Gagaji and Fen Mei Yi, during the Expo. Table 5: Major events in the process of globalization since 2018, Prospectives for Profit and Investment
According to the branch, today's stock of company channels is at a benign level, the distributors are light-loaded and, as demand warms, the liquid milk business continues to grow at a rapid rate of about 12.5 per cent in 2020, and the brand of imported milk powder is more affected by the epidemic, the company actively transforms its clientele, with an estimated 8.1 per cent increase in the turnover of milk powder in 2020.
The market usually uses a relative valuation method for the food and beverage industry. When we compare the value of dairy products to the value of major companies, we can see that the average value of dairy products in 2020 was about 26 times greater than the average value of the industry.
The market share can still expand, given the value of the price premium. The company has access, product, brand advantage, long-term promise to become a healthy food platform, and for the first time it covers “buying.”
Food safety incidents, risk of price volatility of raw materials, macroeconomic risks