Management and access are core competitiveness, and the platform strategy is advancing steadily - for the first time, the Ily shares cover depth (20200531) The dairy industry continues to grow in size and concentration in the industry.
From the point of view of product development, the dairy division industry is currently at different stages of growth, with constant warm milk growing at a slower rate and with limited volume growth, the dairy company achieves value extension of the product by upgrading the product structure; and the pacrificial milk, which is in line with the upward trend in consumption, is still growing rapidly, taking into account the current average milk per capita in the country.
The amount of product consumption and dairy consumption per capita is still low, and there is still much room for future growth in the industry. From a competitive standpoint, the current pattern of competition for liquid milk is stable, with high-end convergence and scalding driving the convergence of market shares towards head firms and increasing market concentration.
Management and channels are core competitiveness, product plus marketing is strong, and the quality and stability of Eli's team guarantees the continuity, correctness and efficiency of the company's strategy, along with the Oyang Woo Sword.
More profitable equity incentives, on the one hand, facilitate the binding of the company’s core interests with its employees, and, on the other hand, anchor the bottom line of Eli’s performance growth in the coming years. With management, Ely’s early construction of access barriers and, on the other hand, the ability to create channels for product and marketing: 1) is central to the core competitiveness of dairy companies.
First, as of 2019, close to 1039,000 homes in towns and villages, an increase of 8 per cent over the previous year, and the future low-line cities and rural layouts remain companies.
(b) In terms of products: In terms of product categories, Eli has a comparative competitive advantage in the areas of warm milk, milk powder, cold drinks, etc., and will continue to grow in the future through quality and packaging upgrades, product segmentation, expansion of new product categories; and (c) in terms of marketing, Eli has consistently maintained high-cost inputs to achieve steady growth in its stock.
In the short term, the epidemic has put a quarter of corporate earnings under pressure, but as demand recovers, it is expected that corporate performance will gradually improve; in the long term, Monxelli’s stock is more homogenized, and Eli’s stock business is more condensed.
While growth will be sustained through vertical upgrading, the product will be enriched through horizontal expansion, and beverages will be covered for the first time, giving the company an “enhanced” rating in West Side, 28 West Side.
Forge, Fukuda District, Free Trade Zone, China (Sichuan)
I. Industry: industry continues to grow in size, concentration continues to rise in the dairy 1.1 industry continues to grow and concentration continues to rise
The dairy industry has slowed down in size since 15 years later and is gradually entering maturity. According to Eurydice data, dairy products experienced a high rate of growth in volume prices between the beginning of the 20th century and 14th century (the melamine incident of 08, which caused the industry to recover to 6%, then gradually recovered to 14% of the industry ' s size in 09-14).
In 18 years, the volume of dairy products retailed was $253.8 billion, or less than 5 per cent. Overall, the dairy industry has gradually matured.
During the period of development, in 05-15, the market size of the market was 593, 925, 308, 185, 133.9 billion yuan, which is now relatively high, and since 17 years it has been mainly price-driven, while the market size of the market was low and low.
The price of powder is rising, and performance is driven mainly by higher demand. Euromonitor predicts that paella milk and yogurt will continue to grow in the long term from 19 to 21 years, and that warm milk will reach maturity.
The concentration of dairy products has continued to rise to an important trend in the industry.
The volume of dairy products sold in 19 years was 27.1 million tons, an increase of 1.1 per cent in the same year, and the overall demand was more stable; at the level of listed companies, dairy companies grew 12.3 per cent in 19 years, net profits increased 7.3 per cent in the same year, and performance increased more steadily; at the level of urban ownership, in 19 Eli and Monx were fully emulsified.
The market share for the class of goods was 24.5 per cent and 20.3 per cent respectively (excluding Junyo), well above Light (3.7 per cent), and with the advantage of size, the ratio of Monx, Eli inputs and output to SMEs was significantly higher than that of SMEs would further widen the gap between SMEs.
The net return on dairy industry increased by 15 per cent in 2019. Figure 10: Pattern of dairy industry in 2019. Figure 11: Sustained increase in the market share of Ili
Higher per capita consumption in rural areas will be an important driver of growth in the dairy sector. The average milk consumption per capita has fallen to 16.5 kg per year, while the per capita consumption of milk in rural areas is on the rise, and rising per capita consumption in rural areas will be an important driver of growth in the dairy sector.
For Japan, there is still much room for growth in the dairy sector. Japan has 36.3, 9.5, 3.2, 1.7, 1.6, 0.2, 0.04 times higher consumption of cheese, fresh milk, ice cream, soy milk, yogurt, flavour milk, and warm milk.
Low; in terms of per capita consumption, Japanese ice cream, yoghurt, flavour milk, soy milk, warm milk, fresh milk, cheese, milk powder 3.2, 2.8, 2.5, 1.7, 1.6, 1.3, 1.3, 0.6 times higher than in the country, 1.2 warm milk: step into maturity, milk companies achieve value extension through structural upgrading
According to Owen, the rate of growth in constant warm milk has slowed since 14 years, with 18 years of average milk sales of $14.2 billion, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same period; the income from drinking milk has fallen from 78 per cent in 14 years to negative growth in 18 years, and we believe that it has been difficult to achieve a significant increase in the consumption of warm milk in recent years, mainly for reasons related to:
To: 1) the level of our regular milk consumption is not very different from that of developed countries such as the United States and Japan; 2) the high penetration rate of the milk market in El & Mon, which indicates that its consumption breeding space is becoming smaller; 3) there is a certain substitution between warm milk, low-temperature milk and yogurt milk, due to the fact that the consumption per capita of low-temperature milk and yogurt milk is still biased.
Low, low-temperature milk and yogurt consumption have increased steadily in the context of rising consumption, so that there is a marked dichotomy between the rate of growth of warm milk and low-temperature milk.
Figure 14: Decrease in the share of breast milk in the consumption of breast milk in recent years Figure 15: Decrease in per capita consumption of breast milk in our country Figure 16: Increase in per capita consumption of breast milk in our country
In the case of volume increases, dairy companies expand the value of their products by upgrading the structure of their products. In the context of a slowdown in the volume growth in the warm milk industry, 19 years of a rising trend in the price of warm milk and yogurt milk unit, leading firms upgrading the price belt by upgrading the taste and packaging of their products, and the trend towards high endurance of dairy products, which is now common in the country.
The main price of warm and white milk remains at $2-3/250 ml and the price of high-end warm and white milk is at $5-8/250 ml, so there is still much room for growth in the regular and warm milk in terms of product structural upgrading. 1.3 Low-temperature milk: there is much room for growth in low-temperature milk in response to consumption trends
In 18 years, according to Ew, we had $4.7 billion retailed in low-temperature milk, which was the fastest growing plate in the dairy division industry; in 2018, consumption was 2,432,000 tons of low-temperature milk, representing the national figure 18: low-temperature milk as a percentage of liquid milk consumption
Since nutritious, fresh and low-temperature milk is in line with rising consumption trends, and there is room for a moderate increase in consumption and market concentration, there is a wide scope for low-temperature milk growth, with regional dairy companies having some advantages over national dairy companies.
With a low-temperature milk sales radius, low-temperature milk companies are mostly able to plant near the source regions, and regional breast milk companies are more advantaged. Moreover, the low-temperature milk competition pattern is more fragmented, with a low-temperature milk of only 36.2% in 18 years, down from Hong Kong (China), Japan, and the United States.
In the context of rising consumer health awareness and rising consumption, there is much room for low-temperature milk growth in our country. Secondly, management, channels of core competitiveness, product-plus marketing, and a more stable and well-incentived management, led by management, has been built earlier.
In terms of access barriers, and in terms of product and marketing: 1) network layout is one of the core competitive features of the dairy industry, and Eli has benefited from an upscaling bonus for one of the early embers. As of 2019, the township and village networks were close to 103.9.
(b) In terms of products: Eli has a competitive advantage in the areas of warm milk, milk powder, cold drinks, etc., and will continue to grow in the future through quality and packaging upgrades, product segmentation and expansion of new products;
3) In terms of marketing, Eli has always maintained high-cost inputs to achieve steady growth in stock products, and the new 2.1 management team: excellent pay incentives, high-quality team stability, more stable management and adequate incentive mechanisms than Monx.
It guarantees continuity, correctness, and efficiency in the implementation of the corporate strategy, while a well-developed system of remuneration and equity incentives fully motivates employees to take the lead for the future development of the company. Specifically, the share of the Ely core team has been relatively high since 2014 compared to the frequent changes in the structure of Monx management and equity.
Stabilizing, Chairman Pan just graduated from the University in 1992 into the Ily Group; in 2002 he was General Manager of the Ily Group and General Manager of the Ministry of Industry: in 2005 he was also President to date: in 2007, as a result of the change of shares in the top-up of payments and options, Pan began to hold shares in the company, and the share of Pan is currently 4.7 per cent.
In terms of the remuneration and equity incentive system, companies use multiple incentives such as restricted shares, employee holdings, stock options, etc. to bind employee interests and corporate interests, which have been met in previous periods. In 2006, the Ely shares were awarded to executives, including companies.
Thirty-five core business people in the group granted 50 million equity options; the second equity stimulus programme was launched in 2016, granting 45 million equity options to 294 incentive recipients and 15 million restricted shares to 293 incentive recipients; and the third equity incentive scheme, issued by the company in 2019, showed that the company intended to award it.
Unscrupulous sales, with a total of 480 persons, including directors and core technical (operational) cadres. Eli’s relatively adequate equity incentives are conducive to stability in the company’s management, core employee interests, binding with the company, further entrenching his corporate position, and anchoring Eli’s performance over the next few years.
Table 3.2019 Restrictive Stock Incentives (RBI)
2.2 Channels: Lead the way down, with a high penetration rate, to the country and to the country’s capital.
600,000 new farm shops were renovated and built, and Eli initially established links with rural and 3-line cities and consumers; a “milk-source transit hub” was established in 2011 to achieve nationalization; implementation began in 2012 of improved pipeline farming, with increased coverage of 3-line and 4-line villages; and the “village-snap” business model was adopted in 2016
By June 2019, Ili's liquid milk penetration in three or four cities had risen to 86.2%, an increase of 2.3 percentage points over the same period in 2018, and higher than the national penetration rate in Ili (83.9%), with higher penetration rates in the low-line market.
At the bottom of the line, the liquid milk terminal has reached 1.9 million, an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and the township and village network, close to 10.39 million, an increase of 8.0 per cent over the previous year, and Eli will continue to enjoy the benefits of rising consumption in low-line cities. Structurally, it is different from the past three-tier distribution system of Monx, which is dominated by regional distributors.
The channels have become more flat, and the model of cooperation between Eli and the channel has been changed from a “cooperation model” to a “distribution model”, where companies have enhanced their control by decentralizing their sales personnel to the terminal; and the Monx: they have less control over the distribution network through large commercial distributors. The Monx has been placed later in the channel than Ely, and is currently in the pipeline.
The Monx began to spread the distribution network quickly through the large-scale distribution system, but the problems of insufficient incentives, less cost-effective spending and less control over the channel gradually became apparent: 12 years after Sun Yiping took office, he proposed a flat-level reform of the channel: 16 years after his release, the company came in.
Step-by-step promotion of flat- level marketing structures, in conjunction with the restructuring of the Ministry of Industry, to deepen the penetration of various product lines;17 Monx worked with Alibaba in 19h1 to open up blank areas, and the Monx “City Towns and Towns” project covered more than 4,000 townships, adding 200,000 new outlets.
Still in transition from a “distribution model” to a “distribution model,” there is a certain degree of dependence on large regional distributors, with less control over the channel than Eli. Eli will continue to invest more in electricity.
The company will focus more on the development space for new retail, power and group purchasing channels, with the company ' s electricity channel rising by 49 per cent in 19 years on a year-on-year basis, and will continue to increase the layout and input of the power channel in the future.
Table 5. Development of the Ili Channel under a digital strategy in the first half of 2019, with the construction of precision farming channels, the expansion and sinking of focused channels, full coverage of the domestic market and the gradual establishment of a global market system
Table 6. Development of Monx Channels
Implementation of the three-tier ka team of the client department at headquarters, regional ka-distributors ka directly responsible for retail customer sales 1) regional business module (rbu): three-to-four-line market is serviced by a rub-positioned operator covering the national marketing district
2) Sales companies: Core business module (cbu) Establishment of sales companies or controlling stock dealers on the first- or second-line market: Complementary model for marketing operations with the exception of distributors and sales companies.
The Chang Wen Department of Industry has intensified the infiltration of towns and villages, and has sunk the focus channels, increased the number of outlets, and made direct control of county camps and sales points.
Transformation of cbu architecture, innovation cbu ice cream department to enhance catering and ka channel development 2.3 products: overall layout and steady improvement of product structure
In 2019, the company earned $9.022 billion and the product layout was more comprehensive. In 2019, the company became the owner of the company, and now has almost all dairy divisions and a low-end matrix of high-school products. For Māori, the rates of Māori milk powder and dairy products and cold-drinking products are higher, at 48.1%, 46.5%, compared to liquids.
The Māori rate for body milk is 35.2 per cent, and the company, by product series, has established six main lines of operations for liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, yogurts, healthy drinks and cheese, with healthy drinking (including mineral water and beverages) and cheese industry established at the end of 18, with milk powder, cold drinks, liquid milk and so on.
Although the overall homogenization of Elymon's products is evident, Eli relies on continuous product upgrading, product lines, new business expansion, and major competitions are growing faster than Monxes.
The roll-out of two monolithic, high-end white milk trunsuers has led to a gradual catch-up with Eli and Monx with more homogenous matches in each segment. Competition has intensified, but Eli has increased the speed at which the main competitions have grown faster: from 2012 onwards, the Elykins' income has grown faster than the Montaron.
Sue, with income almost equal to Trensu in 2015, Eli's basic white milk size has increased the gap with Monx, and Eli's yogurt milk has achieved anti-Mun's superb in 2015. Eli has been able to achieve counter-surplus in late, mainly because:
1) In terms of product upgrading, in the case of Eli's constant milk, the company gradually upgrades the bag milk to a sterile brick box, while also raising the protein from 3.0g/100ml to 3.6g/100ml and increasing the calcium content from 100 mg/100ml to 120 mg/100ml;
2) In terms of the deepening of product lines, the brands of Ammush, Gold and Taste have introduced products of many tastes and types of packaging, and the revenue from the sale of priority products such as the Golden Book “Anmush” “Fight” and “Handy” “Handy” and “Fighty 100 per cent” in 2019 has increased by 22.3 per cent over the same period;
4) With regard to new business expansion, after 18 years of the establishment of the Ministry of Health and Drinking Industries, Eli began to organize the sub-sectors of mineral water, energy beverages, coffee, etc., which, under the parent brand endorsement, are expected to be the growth point of the company.
2.3.1 Temperature milk: Lead size contests, high-end big one-way performance as an important driver of corporate growth, constant warm milk has formed brands centred on Anmush, gold-column, eugenic milk, pure milk-driven, qq star, saturated milk, smoky, flavourable, etc.
The matrix. In 17-19, Elie and Monroe used warm milk to upgrade their products and build large singles, which grew at a higher rate, and Elli as a whole continued to grow faster. More specifically, the Monroe continued to compete for high-end milk, but Eli benefited from a network of competitive channels on three or four lines, with a basic white milk base and fluidity.
In addition to the positive growth in warm milk products, Eli has dominated the ordering process by expanding the extent and depth of its marketing, using sub-line channels, upgrading the large monolithic series to enhance customer stickyness, thus creating a large number of large core monoliths.
It was 84.3%, an increase of 1.9 percentage points over the same period the previous year. Although both the gold and Ammush were launched later than the Tronsu and Purity in Ily, their city occupancy rates grew rapidly, the gold and Tronsu divides were not narrowing, and the Ammush and Purity gap was increasing.
For eight months, Elykins was only 6 percentage points lower in the high-end milk market, while Ammosh was far more pure in the warm, yogurt city.
Table 7. Specific developments in Elie and Ammush, health and organic concepts are gaining ground in the context of rising consumption, and high-end milk consumption is increasing, including in the first three quarters of 2019.
High-end white milk grew at a rate of 15% and ultra-temperature milk at 11%. Although Trendsu’s ever-expanding promotions in 2018 led to a pressure on the gold medal, gold medallion achieved a high rate of growth of 10% by 2019. Nelson's data show that the market for organic hot and liquid milk products in 2019 was 45.7%, and ranked first in the corresponding segment of the market. We believe that gold medallion has been able to rise later in recent years.
1) In terms of quality, the gold syllables have built an exclusive gold-synchronous organic milk production chain in strict compliance with the production standards of organic products, which are expected to become high-end organic, high-end, milk-to-life, strict enforcement of the planting-farming-production-logistics-sales, and strict testing of 361 indicators.
The whole-line gold-column organic milk product has been upgraded and the quality milk protein content has been constantly breaking out, with dream-cover products and pure milk proteins produced in response to consumer demand reaching 3.8 g/100 ml and 120 mg/100 ml in primary calcium, leading the industry, while the organic lipid series meets the elimination upgrade, constantly improving the quality of the product, focusing on the machine.
In terms of packaging, the company continuously upgrades the packaging to fit the product upgrading strategy. In September 2019, the company introduced a higher degree of ease to increase market ownership, reducing the size of the dream cap design, and inviting famous illustrators to perform packaging design.
In terms of product prices, the low-price sequences of the Golden Book series of milk high schools are now clearer, while companies expand brand visibility, increase user penetration, build high-end performances through various entertainment programmes such as "The Singer" and "The Top Brain"
Since the bright introduction in 2009 of the country ' s first most mildly yogurt mossrian, product revenues in 2012 - 2014 have stagnated rapidly due to a lack of competitors, despite the current increase in the size of the most mildly yogurt milk, which is currently at a rate of 100 million, and the sharp slowdown in the growth of Moslie ' s income after the successive introduction of the most mildly yogurt milk, Ammush, and its pureness.
In the context of a gradual slowdown, but benefiting from the growth of its average-temperature intake, the market has been rapidly seized with a sophisticated brand strategy, powerful channels and, since its launch in 2013, has continued to be new and low-growth.
Anmush, while promoting the city, goes to the core of Eli's product structure:
In terms of products, the company has a strong ability to innovate. Ammush has a high-quality product base of raw, blueberries, and vanillas, and the Ammush brand is expected to hold its value. In 2017, it launched a series of high-end pyrotechnic yogurts, followed by the introduction of walnut oats, straw oats, mangos.
Orange Phoenix continues to rise, and given the taste of amulet pear, pea and pea pea and pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pa pe la pea pe la pea pe la pe pea pe la pea pea pea pea pe la pe la pe pe la pe la pe la pe la X pe la pe pe pe la pe la pe la la pe la pe la la pe la pe la la pe la la la la la la la pe la la la la la la la la la la pe la la la la la la pe la la pe la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
There's still a lot of room for improvement in product structure, market penetration, and in the 2018 China Customer Reference Index (c-nps), with its innovative process and product quality, the Ammush yogurt has won the best penetration rate for Chinese customers.
In this case, Ammosh income is expected to continue to be protected 2) In packaging: Ammush products have various packagings such as Roman pet bottles, lily caps and diamond to meet the consumption scenes:
3. The price bands of the Ammush product are clear with regard to the price of the product; Table 8.
Figure 29: The gap between Ammush and pure income is widening, and against the backdrop of the decline in the overall growth rate of the warm milk industry, the basic milk of Eli has been relatively robust in recent years by upgrading packaging and quality, marketing in conjunction with events, deepening channels and expanding the network.
Growth. There is still room to raise the price of basic white milk in the future: 16 boxes of basic white milk in the Eli ranged around $42-48/upgrade, 24 boxes in the range of $55-75/upgrade and more in the form of promotion, and a particular box in the form of packaging would cost about $4/upgrade, so Erie base white milk.
As the network of company channels continues to improve, channels are increasing, brand values are increasing, and the basic white wine is expected to continue at a higher price. Table 10. Boxing is more expensive than normal, and the upgraded milk is more expensive than the plain milk.
Erie's 250 ml*16 boxes of nutritious breakfast for children.
Ely's 250 ml*24 boxes of nutritious breakfast for children, raw milk (a random shipment of old and new packages) from January to March. 250 ml*24 boxes of gold-sale pure milk at the 16th entry limit.
Three raw milk products from January to March at the 16th entry limit for pure milk in gold.
It's an official flag shop for Erie's milk, and it's two-eighths off the capital's logistics, and two-eighths off the capital's logistics.
2.3.3 Other brands: market space is wider
The brands of yogurt milk, qq star, tastey, selection, extenuating, etc. achieve steady scale growth by focusing on specific consumer groups, rich product groups, product sequences, multi-channel layouts, and entry into emerging markets. Table 11. Other brand product developments
The eugenic milk brand was first created in 2001 and it was over 6 billion in 15-16 years, and then, as a result of competition in the market, the product encountered bottlenecks in growth.
(b) Following the launch of the qq Star brand in 2006, products such as growing milk, juice yogurt, flavour yogurt, organic milk were introduced, and in the face of increased markets, higher products led to a decline in performance, companies pushed through rebranding of brands, introduction of new products, product upgrades, etc.
qq Star, one of the company ' s high-end milk brands, launched the first milkshake series in 2012 with a heavy pound, December 2013, with a strong taste.
The new banana-flavored milk was launched again into the high-end milk market, and in September 19 the taste of cold milk tea was introduced to cut into the milk tea market, and the taste of the future is likely to diversify the layout: the branding was launched in 2017, initially because soy milk products were more homogenous and the sales were not as good as expected, and then the company passed the switch.
In view of the growth of the plant milk sector in the country, which is expected to contribute significantly to the company’s growth, the low-temperature milk volume of Eli and Monx is currently low, and in low-temperature milk, it is relatively high, and low-temperature yogurt milk is relatively high.
Low-temperature emulsion beverages are relatively small. Since the low-temperature milk is in line with the upward trend in consumption, and as consumer consumption is changing, the low-temperature milk acceptance is increasing, both Monx and Eli are constantly increasing in the low-temperature milk orientation and coded: 1) Monx formed a milk department in 17 years, and 17 coverages were introduced in 18 years.
High-end milk products with high-end daily low-speak positioning, 19-year-old revenue from the milk industry; 2) In the Ili sector: 19 years of moderate strategic adjustment to low temperatures; recombination of sku, cutting off low-profit products, with resources focused on downflowing channels and priority product development; 19 years of company development
Three low-temperature medium- and high-end products have been introduced in four quarters, and pastures have been enriched by early mornings, irie milk and gold-sweet cow milk, as well as low-temperature business lines and product structures.
In the early stages of development, Eli and Monx successfully cut into the ice with a stronger cost advantage, channel advantage and brand advantage, and the low- and middle-end of the ice cream market gradually became industry-led, with shares of 12.7 per cent and 6.5 per cent respectively in 17 years, but subsequently, as a result of changing consumer consumption habits, prices were higher and characteristic.
In 19 years, Ely and Montagnard's cold drinks increased by 12.7% and 3.7%. In 19 years, Eli benefited from product structural upgrades and increased the Māori rate of cold drinks by 1.45 percentage points to 46.51%.
In 2020, the company will continue to push for new products such as black chocolate, salted butter and vanilla. In addition, the name of Joyday is popular in Indonesia, where the company anticipates that the company will continue to push for new products like black chocolate, salted butter and vanilla.
In South-East Asia, cold-water production continues to increase. Figure 33: Differences in income between Monroe and Eli from cold-drinking consumption have widened. Figure 32: Ice cream market patterns, 2017
2.3.6 Milk powder: Infant and young child formula contributes to the primary income of the register, increased competition in the industry has led to a marked decline in the income of both the Ili and Monx operations, which grew by 18 per cent in 17-18, 25 per cent in 2019 at a high base.
In 2019, Ili increased its income by 25%. The products of the Ili milk powder and dairy products were well structured, the market was highly recognized, the company upgraded its product structure by introducing new products such as organic milk powder, Sena herbs, gold crowns, sheep milk powder, and prices were one of the main reasons for the growth of the company’s performance, and the company stayed the course.
Good product structures, channel construction, and member marketing systems have led to a steady increase in the company’s market share. In marketing, the company has been increasing its product content through a variety of trades, such as the title “Roman Travel of the Wives.” In terms of access, mothers and children account for more than 50% of the total, with the increase in the number of people working, the increase in the level of penetration of the channels, and online performance.
For the better, the performance of the dairy business has improved and the results of the resource input will be gradually realized, as shown by the Nelson zero study, which shows that in the mother and child channel, the retail value of the company grew by 27.1 per cent over the previous year; and the retail value of adult milk powder, which was broken down by 11.1 per cent over the same period the previous year.
2.4 Marketing: Maintenance of a higher level of input to sustain the growth in size is more intensive than Monx, and Ely’s marketing costs are higher. The company contributed to the launch of brand names by increasing marketing effort. The company’s revenue in 2014-2019 was 10.8% cagr, while the sales cost was 15.9%.
In recent years, companies have upgraded their original products, moving into the field of low-temperature milk, cutting into new areas such as plant milk, mineral water, and so on, and increasing the cost of selling them. In terms of input orientation, Eli, by studying consumer behaviour, has organized various media channels, such as Xianan.
The Olympic Games, World Expo, the Chinese Space Agency and a variety of amphibious programmes, compared to Monx, are advertised at 2.5 milk source layouts: deep-draw milk source construction, and have access to a wealth of milk source resources.
In contrast to Monx, mainly through participation in pastures (this approach is conducive to increasing milk source control and smoothing through the cycle, but at the same time with higher capital input, performance or impact), Eli works strategically to strengthen milk source construction and strengthen interest relationships (low capital input, flexible approach).
The former Eli has “gold milk sources” in Xinjiang Tianshan, Hulenbel in Inner Mongolia, and Silin Golle, and obtains excellent pastoralism, Xeko-Search milk, and strategic cooperation to acquire original milk resources in the provinces. The original milk supply in the country is still tight, the number of cattle stored upstream is declining, and the rangeland regulations are decreasing.
In the context of rapid upgrading of the model, the gradual upgrading of the product and the organicization of quality milk sources, one of the important competitive features of the milk industry, in 19 Eli actively joined forces with the region's allies to create five major industrial clusters: Hut, Hurembel, Bayanjole, UNITA, Tombeau, etc., while the company acquired New Zealand's second largest industrial cluster.
The Big Dairy Cooperative Westland (the original milk supply is about 4 per cent of the total in New Zealand), which was able to produce 11,850,000 tons in 19 and leads the industry; in 19 Monx had 41 production bases in China and one production base in Australia, New Zealand and Indonesia, with a combined annual capacity of 9.5 million tons.
Table 12. Montagnards, Ely's upstream rangeland production.
The marketing of dairy products will improve on a quarterly basis, and the company is still on track to meet its annual performance target of $97 billion, with a profit of $6.1 billion; in the long run, because of the weakness of the process barriers in the dairy industry and the greater homogenization of the Monxelli stock industry, Eli will continue to grow through vertical upgrading of its stock operations while maintaining its growth.
By lateral expansion, the products will be enriched, and beverages will be the next engine of development. 3.1 In the short term: it is expected that corporate performance will improve on a quarterly basis.
11.0 per cent (mass - 9 per cent, price - 3 per cent); net profit on parent year 49.8 per cent; net profit on non-deductions 32.8 per cent on year-on-year basis, mainly due to: 1) end of income: Spring Day was originally consumed.
High-end products are better marketed. In addition, milk beverages are non-essential consumer goods, and sales decline is significant; low-temperature products are less affected by the epidemic because 2020q1 is a low-season sales of low-temperature products.
Sales resources are invested to drive product flows and increase the freshness of the product; high-end products are sold down and changes in product structure have reduced the Māori rate. In the face of the epidemic, companies are active in responding to the epidemic. In marketing, companies are working to meet different consumption scenarios through active marketing channels and innovative community marketing; in inventory, there is an outbreak.
At the beginning, stock pressure was high, and stocks are now returning to normal levels; in the upstream original milk sector, the current rangelands with which Eli works are not affected by the epidemic, and the supply of milk sources is stable. The company’s performance is expected to improve on a seasonal basis, with profits or better performance in the second half of the year.
The main reasons for the gradual improvement in capacity are: 1) one quarter of corporate profitability pressure is due mainly to stock-taking, higher promotions, which will decrease as later end demand resumes; 2) reduced end demand, although the original milk supply is shorter than demand in the first quarter, is higher for cows than for cows.
In order to stabilize the situation, the arrival in the second half of the year of consumption of the wang season plus the light season of the original milk supply will result in a tight balance between the supply of milk upstream, which in the second half of the year will be more profitable than that of the company, given that the two main distribution outlets of Ely are in the year when the supply of milk is in short supply. In addition, the epidemic will accelerate small and medium-sized milk production.
Eli's share of the market is expected to accelerate, with the core of company 2020q1 accounting for 39.3 per cent, an increase of 1.1 percentage points.
The company’s business plan for 2020 is 97 billion yuan (+7.5%) for operating income, with a total profit of 6.1 billion yuan (–26%), of which the total profit includes donations and shares during the epidemic.
Companies have developed strategies to: 1) In the case of regular liquid milk, in the case of products, they will introduce new packagings, new taste products, and higher protein content products to meet consumers’ health needs through innovation. In the case of channels, companies will sink further, they will tap into the incremental market, brands will invest more, and products will be enhanced.
(b) In the case of low-temperature businesses, 20 years of sku ' s focus on product innovation over 19 years to meet consumer diversity in taste and packaging; and (c) in the case of infant milk powder, the current rise of home-grown milk powder is being hampered by the global spread of cross-border purchases and sub-purchases.
This is an opportunity for the development of a home-grown milk powder, which will be introduced by companies that produce organic milk powder and goat milk, while continuing to produce high-end products. While the epidemic has put a strain on companies’ performance in 2020q1, the city’s share has increased, and the company industry is now in the process of doing so.
Business has largely returned to normal, and marketing is expected to recover as a whole in June, taking into account that liquid milk is still expected to grow in high digits throughout the year, while milk powder operations are growing robustly and showing the positive contributions of Westland, which will also bring considerable benefits to the company and other product companies through product upgrading and deepening channels.
Performance growth, including sunk, increased marketing inputs, and firm performance is expected to improve steadily in 2020. 3.2.1 Montagnard stock operations are highly homogenized and new business differences or will become more apparent.
There is a direct competition between Eli and Monx in the current mainstream dairy division. The Eri product was larger before 06, the Monx benefited from marketing transformations, product upgrades after 07 years, the intake of which was the first time beyond the Ely. The industry experienced the impact of the melamine incident in 09-11, compared to that of the melamine incident.
With the frequent changes in the management of Monx, Eli has been overtaken by more robust operating income. 3.2.2 Constantly warm milk is expected to grow steadily through upgrading, and beverages are expected to be a growth point.
Cows, according to Nelson's data, accounted for 37 per cent of the average milk market in Ili in 2018, 9 percentage points higher than that of Monx; Monx had an advantage in low-temperature milk, 28.2 per cent in 2018 and 12 percentage points higher than that of Ili.
The company’s warm milk business is expected to continue to grow steadily through upgrading, and low-temperature milk and beverages are expected to become growth points. Because of the advantages of the network of channels built by Eli through warm milk, genetically compatible products can be easily sold through the original channels:
1) Temperature milk: Although the current stage of warm milk has reached maturity, Kim Jong-sung and Ammush will continue to grow steadily in the future through upgrading, basic white milk will sink through further channels, and in the future warm milk will continue to act as a corporate performance driver and will be guaranteed higher costs by releasing higher income demands.
Long, and when the profit is more demanding, the profit is regulated by controlling the cost; (2) cryogenic yoghurt: front-loading benefits from rising consumption and growing corporate channels, light-spill star cooler, yoghurt singles perform well, but in 18-19, they were squeezed by the normal-temperature yoghurt, and the rate of increase is falling, and now Ely's.
There is still much room for improvement in the case of low-temperature yogurt milk, which could be developed in the event that Elli continues to expand its cold-chain channels at a later stage; 3) paella milk: the current size of Ilebal milk is lower than that of Mono, due to the synergy of the paaella milk channels with the regular warm milk.
Low, and with some regional barriers, Eli is not expected to produce Bach milk as a priority category for the time being: the beverage market is large, and Eli is shifting to a fast-dismantling platform. Channels and brands are important competitive for the beverage industry, and we believe that Eli is capable of taking a seat in the beverage industry because: 1, 1.
There are synergies between warm milk channels and beverage channels;2 Ely's selected cut-off areas, such as soy milk, functional beverages, mineral water, are larger and faster-growing industries, with conditions for the production of 10 billion single items;3 Eli's brand is good for the sale of beverages and Eli has a stronger branding and management.
Capacity: The Healthy Drinking Industries Department, which was set up in Ili in April, 2018, contains 100% Fulfilled Temperature Eclomeric Acids, Bean Creams, Awakening Energy Beverages, and Drinks Packed Waters, with 100% Fulfilling Temperature Eclide Beverages, which were launched in 2015, with a market share raised from 6% in 15 years to 17% in 17 years, and ranked among the municipalities.
First of all, the good performance of pleasure has led us to believe that Eli has a certain strength in drinking. Given that there are still differences in the way dairy products and beverages operate, Eli is not pursuing expansionary speed, and in the long run the beverage is expected to become a new engine for company growth in the future.
(c) Income: we split the products into liquid milk, milk powder and dairy products, cold drinks, etc.
Breast milk accounted for the largest share, around 82 per cent in the last three years, and given that the 2020 epidemic had a greater impact on dairy performance in the first quarter of the year, with consumption warming, subsequent companies or through marketing, among other things, covered the costs: liquid milk costs were highest in 2019 (85.3 per cent), and liquid milk costs were directly related to the cost of liquid milk.
With nearly 90 per cent of the material, and given the epidemic or the expected acceleration in the clearance of the behind rangeland, and the slow pace of planning for the expansion of the rangeland, which will affect the supply of original milk, the short-term supply of raw milk will continue to be modestly tight, prices will enter the upward cycle and direct material costs are expected to increase slightly in 2020, but also slightly.
Cost aspects: In the event of the epidemic, companies will absorb stocks by increasing their marketing efforts, and it is expected that the cost of corporate sales will increase significantly in 2020, with a small increase in management costs. In addition, the cost of amortization will also be incurred by companies implementing equity incentives.
The method, using legally compliant information, is to present this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.