Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) • Democratic Republic of the Congo exports resumed and production and sales growth expected to be flexible in the second half of the year
1) Copper and cobalt plates: 23h1 generated $3.97 billion, or 58.8 per cent of the total, of which tfm and kfm projects produced 15,131.94 million tons of copper and cobalt, or +24.7 per cent/+85.6 per cent, respectively, and sales, or 9.32/0.17 million tons, or 19.2 per cent/-84.7 per cent, respectively. tfm export interests
The gold dispute was resolved and exports resumed in May 23rd year. In addition, by mid-year, the prices of the Congolese copper cobalt bank had been compared to the trend of 300 deep.
8389/3813 tonnes, +7.9%/-8.9% respectively, sales of 7835/3558 tonnes, respectively, with a sharp fall in the same price, resulting in a profit gain. 4) Copper gold plate: 850 million won on 23H1 pieces of copper gold, with a smooth increase in production compared to the Quasi Cobalt project, with an increase in production capacity of h2 on the slope.
The 23h1 company Congo Copper Cobalt project was successfully expanded, with a pilot production in the 23q1tfm mixed mine, with 97 per cent of the installation of the boiling acid zone completed; kfm was put into production at 23q2. The tfm combinated mine was put into production in the second half of the year, and the company ' s copper cobalt production was expected to increase significantly, with the company ' s copper and cobalt production projected for 2023.
Together with Ningde, the global collaborative deployment of new energy metals, 23q1 introduced the Ningde era as the second largest shareholder, opening a new era of corporate development.
During the German era, intensive cooperation took place in key regions such as Africa and South America, anchoring the global energy transformation and moving forward with the Lithium Salt Lake Development Project in Bolivia and the Congolese Gold Battery Value Chain Project. As a result of limited Congolese copper and cobalt exports in the first half of the year and the fall in the price of some of the products, companies made a profit forecast.
The Congolese copper and cobalt deposits are in the near future, in the “upgrading year” in their entirety 2. Production guidelines are issued, and the two major copper production capacities of tfm and kfm are not as high as expected; copper and cobalt prices have fallen significantly; industry is not as good as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.