Exports were hampered by delays in performance, equity payments were settled, non-ferrous metal, small metal, operating net cash flow of $8,762 million (+3.1 per cent). Of this, $42.4 billion was collected in the second quarter of 2023.
Export restrictions on Congolese gold products affected the company ' s performance, which was reconciled in the second quarter. 2023h1 sold $3.7 billion gross, a decrease of $7.7 billion in the same year, of which 900 million gross profits were earned on copper and cobalt products, and 93,000 tons of copper were sold in the same year by Kfm, 1663 tons of cobalt and 240,000 tons of copper stocks and production in the middle of the year.
Twenty-five thousand tons of cobalt are stored. During the reporting period, the tfm equity fund was successfully settled, amounting to $800 million in settlements, which were paid by tfm in instalments to Jakamin for six years from 2023 to 2028.
In the second half of the year, the company announced that it would focus on: upgrading the primary mineral disposal and continuing to promote efficiency gains. In terms of progress, the tfm mixed mine east area was put into production as soon as possible, kfm remained stable and continued to improve its operational effectiveness, phosphorus blocks guaranteed stability in the original mineral grade and improved recovery of the selected mineral; and the thongs caught high prices.
Continue to deepen its cooperation with Ningde in order to accelerate the launch of the Lithium Salt Lake Development and the African Battery Value Chain Project.
Assuming an actual settlement price of lme in 2023-2025 of $8,500 per ton (the previous value of $8,800 per ton), Luoyang molybdenum (603993.sh) - rollback performance of copper and cobalt products, focus: Luoyang molybdenum (603993.sh) - full increase in the volume of major products and acceleration of priority projects
The Luoyang industry (603993.sh) - Development of kfm copper and cobalt mines, Auxiliary Corporation becoming the global Copper and Cobalt resource giant, Multiply the Capacity of World Class Project Building, New Energy Metal Producers, with the world's top copper and cobalt mines, and two world-class projects
The company’s copper production doubled in two years, its elasticity to copper prices, and its unique “mining + trade” model helped it to grow robustly and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The export of Congolese gold products, which affected the company’s performance, was reconciled in the second quarter.
The profit was 3.7 billion yuan, a decrease of 7.7 billion yuan in the same year, of which 900 million yuan in gross profits from copper and cobalt products, a decrease of 4.5 billion yuan in the same year, 440 million yuan in gross profits from trade operations, a decrease of 2.1 billion yuan in the same year, and 660 million yuan in gross profits from phosphorous operations, a decrease of tons, 1,663 tons in cobalt sales and the formation of 240,000 tons of copper stocks and 2950,000 tons of cobalt stocks in the middle of the year.
The non-current liability due in one year, according to the semi-annual report, consists of $2.530 billion in equity payable to Jaclyn. Figure 5: Māori rate in the Luoyang industry, changes in net interest rates
Figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate changes for the quarter of the Luoyang industry (%): Roe and Roic changes in the Luoyang industry (%): Net operating cash flow from the Luoyang industry (billion yuan)
Figure 9: Portfolio income from mining blocks in the Luoyang industry (millions of yuan) Figure 10: Gross profit from the Luoyang industry (millions of yuan) Figure 11: Maori rate in the Luoyang industry sections (percentage)
Quarterly sales of company products are shown in the table below: 1 tfm copper and cobalt production has not been significantly affected since the bad sales of 2022q3tfm, so tfm and kfm formed 241,000 tonnes of copper stocks and 2950,000 tonnes of cobalt stocks at the end of June. 2kfm has released production, 2023q2tfm and kfm.
q2 sales of other products were generally stable compared to q1, with only molybdenum increasing by 75 per cent in the second quarter of the year. The tfm mixed mine project and the kfm project started to release. The Congolese tfm mixed mine project was successfully launched in the first half of the year, the kfm cobalt mine achieved design capacity, and the company Congo copper production increased by 25 per cent in the same year, while cobalt production was the same.
Australia’s npm gold plate e26l1n is continuously active, contributing npm copper production increases by 12% compared to the previous year. China has taken advantage of the opportunities in the market for molybdenum, and has increased production of molybdenum metals by 8% compared to the previous year. Table 2: Progress on priority projects
In the second half of the year, the company announced that it would continue to promote efficiency gains by upgrading primary mineral processing. In terms of project progress, the eastern zone of the tfm mixed mine became operational as soon as possible, and kfm remained stable and continued to improve operational efficiency; the phosphorus block guaranteed stability in the raw mineral grade and improved recovery rates; and the tack block captured high prices and promoted three stubbles.
The deep-deepness of the mine and the technology of the upper-dwelling molten mine continue to deepen cooperation with the Ninder era to accelerate the development of the Bolivian Lithium Salt Lake and the landing of the African Battery Value Chain Project. New energy metal producers, with the world’s top copper and cobalt mines, and two world-class construction and commissioning companies.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and that the results of the analysis are consistent with the results of the study.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author