Company review report  Real estate industry steadily increases in high-quality sales, two-wing operations continue to build up Poly Property (600048.sh)
In the first half of 2021, the company achieved revenue of 89,914 million yuan, or 22.0 per cent more than the previous year, and realized a net profit of $10,298 million for the mother, Wang Quixiang.
The value of the contract sales has risen, and the impact of the city's deep farming has been remarkable. In the first half of the year, companies achieved a 12.0 per cent increase in the value of the contract. Of these, 38 core cities contributed 77 per cent, the Pearl Triangle, the Long Trinity, all sold more than 70 billion, and the total sales amounted to 53 per cent.
In five cities, Guangzhou sold more than 26 billion, Fuoshan more than 20 billion, Nanking, Dong-hoon, Shanghai more than 10 billion, with significant results in key cities.
Expansion of 84 projects, with 16.51 million square metres added, an increase of 67.8 per cent compared to the previous year; urban layout, with 69 per cent of the first and second line of additional resources, a decrease of 14 pct compared to the previous year; expansion of the size of the two-wing operations and continuous upgrading of brand power.
428 million square metres with 622 million square metres of contract area and 2,178 contract management projects, yielding $5,153 million, an increase of 43.11 per cent over the same period, and a good growth rate.
In the first half of the year, the company was strengthened. In the first half of the year, the company was strengthened.
In August, the Paulie Group increased its shareholdings. The investment proposal was: the company was active, the land stock was rich, the sales were strong, and the cash went back.
Good news is that the two-wing business continues to grow in size and consolidates the industry's leadership. We anticipate it. We see the company's long-term performance and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Figure 2: The net profit and increase in the corresponding ratio of Poly Real Estates to Mothers, Figure 3: The Māori Rate, Rates III and Net Interest Rates on Sales in Poly Real Estates, Figure 4: Poly Real Estate Roe, Roa
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.