A summary of the 2020h1 report: the rules have been established and there is room for more housing and housing development (600048.sh).
2021 is better placed to look at the core cities with long triangles, to grow and maintain a reasonable soil reserve, with monthly data for December 2020: 17.4 trillion people sold for the year, and the disease was spread.
8.7 per cent growth in real estate under shock Annual inventory: 2020 housing deals are clearly structured and highly competent
Industry research: Why would Changsha become a model for national learning?
I. Sales growth of 27.0 per cent over the same period, equivalent expansion and maintenance of reasonable land reserves
Business studies: "Back," re-starting and looking at Green City like 27.0%, sales return of $25.56 billion, returns of 89.6%, investment of the company.
There is still caution on the ground, and the principle of equal expansion is maintained in order to maintain a reasonable reserve of land. Second, business income will continue to be good, and the two-wing business will mature.
Turn, the upscaling of the advance bill to the end of the income line, and the expansion of the size of the two-wing operation, the future revenue of Paulie may continue to be positive.
Industry trends are consistent and have declined, but they are still better than most housing firms. Both wings of business fur rainyxy (microsign) overall profitability levels are on the rise and will grow in the future as business matures or becomes more productive.
One of the keys to maintaining a high margin of profit for Paulie. Three or three red lines remain green, and financing costs are reduced to 4.7%, Lee Hye-hye.
The three red line indicators remain green and interest-bearing liabilities have increased, with long-term debt yjtz12016 (micro signage) increasing the cash short debt ratio to 2.6, with less short-term debt service pressure.
This diversification has become more evident, with Paulie falling to 4.7 per cent of the financing costs, depending on his better financial position, and low-cost access to market finance.In the first half of 2021, Paulie contracted $28,5.19 billion in sales and $2.55.6 billion in sales returns, providing stronger ground for businesses.
The profit margin is better than that of most housing companies, and the two-wing business is maturing or becoming the key to maintaining a high profit margin level. The three red line indicators remain green and housing firms are integrated.
I. Sales increased by 27.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with equivalent expansion maintaining reasonable land reserves
From the point of view of the regional sales performance contribution, Paulie's sales in the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle were more than 70 billion, or 53 per cent of the total. From the point of view of the urban sales performance contribution, Paulie's 38 core cities accounted for 77 per cent of the sales, with the focus cities Guangzhou achieving sales of more than 26 billion, Fuoshan more than 20 billion, Nanjing, Dongdong.
In the first half of 2021, Paulie made a sales return of $256.5 billion, with 89.6% of the return, and cash was more than sufficient to support the enterprise’s investment. At the end of the block, caution was maintained, with investment in the first half of 2021 amounting to $9.3 billion, compared to sales.
From the point of view of the urban energy level, Paulie increased the layout of the three-line cities with potential in the heart complex, and the second-line investment in the first half of 2021 fell by 14 pcts to 69% compared to the second half of the same year. In terms of land type, the additional land reserve in Paulie was dominated by dwellings, in the first half of 2021.
In addition, the housing-based land resources of Paulie further ensure that the future sales of businesses will be diluted.
II. Business income is or will continue to be good, and business on both sides is or will continue to be good, based on the following two main factors: first, the firmness of income in the main business, the maintenance of the advance payment of Paulie to the end of the income, which leads to an increase in operating income. Second, business on both sides (diversified business, including property management, construction, decoration, decoration, etc.).
In the first half of 2021, the Polytechnic industry achieved income of $5.15 billion, an increase of 43.1 per cent in the same year, and in the management area of 428 million square metres. In terms of profitability, the premium profit level declined, in line with industry trends, but still outperformed most housing firms.
1.7 pcts. The real-estate industry is tightening, and the profitability level of housing enterprises in real-estate development will continue to be pressured, diversified, or become a new profit growth point for housing firms. Beyond the effects of the 2020 epidemic, the gross profitability level of Paulie's two-wing business is on the rise, and as its two-wing business matures, the future or becomes one of the keys to maintaining a high profit level.
III. Three red lines remain green, with the cost of financing falling to 4.7 per cent in the first half of 2021, and the Paulie three red lines remain green in the first half of the year. More specifically, in terms of financial position, interest-bearing liabilities increased by 10.6 per cent to 33.41 billion over the same period, with the overall majority of long-term debt, with short-term debt accounting for only 18.0 per cent, compared to the same period in 2020
The decline in 3.3 pcts and the further optimization of the debt structure. Moreover, the increase in sales returns has generated sufficient funds for bail, monetary capital, and, with the tightening of the financing of the real estate sector in the capital market, it has become more evident that the cost of financing among home firms has become more distinct, and that Paulie, by virtue of his better financial position, has been able to access market funds at lower cost.
At the end of the day, the combined cost of financing interest-bearing liabilities fell to 4.7 per cent and was at a lower level in the industry. Debt ratios = (currency funds - restricted funds)/short-term interest-bearing liabilities; sales = investment/sales; corporate disclosure figures: 2021h1 = total land reserves/(sale area*2); roe = 2* net profit/net asset average; roa = 2*
Net profit/total asset parity: inventory turnover = 2* operating costs/average inventory: asset turnover = 2* operating income/total assets are all written in the present report on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the HMK, including, but not limited to, a wide range of means such as corporate publicity, housing authority websites, Internet access, but HMK does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained.
Complete. For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the hundreds of millions of Han think tanks are subject to change without special notice. The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to the business situation.
An opinion does not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual. Any body or individual should consider whether any of the observations or recommendations in this report is in its particular state and, if necessary, should seek expert advice. The information, tools, opinions contained in this report and the property rights in this report are in the possession of the Ghim think tank. A body or person other than the Ghren think tank transmits or quotes any part of this report.