Corporate review report  Real estate industry  Real estate industry
Event: On 4 August, the company issued a public announcement on the actual control of the company to increase the company ' s shares and a report on the plan of the company ' s chairman and all senior managers to increase the company ' s shares
On August 4, the Paulie Group added a total of half a million shares, not more than 2% of the company’s total share capital (all of which include this increase).
Mr. Li Liuping and all senior managers are planning to increase their shares in the company for a period of six months from 4 August 2021, with a combined increase of no less than 8 million yuan yuan and a double increase in the size of the management team, thus demonstrating confidence in the company ' s long-term development.
Corporate performance is robust, and sales are bright. The company released its 21H1 fast-performing report on July 17, with a revenue of 90.1 billion, an increase of 22.25 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 10.3 billion from the mother, and a strong sales performance. The industry is currently undergoing supply-side reform, and the company will benefit.
Companies have cost advantages, and leverage structures are excellent. By the end of 2020, companies cut out their development poles, with sufficient cost advantages and usual sources of financing.
High dividends highlight the value of long-term investments, increasing the buy-back mechanism, and increasing confidence. When it falls below each net asset, the company will push the controlling shareholder, the actual controller, to actively stabilize the company’s share price through measures such as second-tier market build-up, company buy-back shares, etc.
Purchase measures that safeguard shareholders’ rights and enhance confidence in long-term finance. Investment proposals: companies as champions of development, strong performance, good sales, leverage, excellent structures, sufficient cost advantages and usual sources of financing, high dividends and dividends.
Highlighting the value of long-term investment, the realist and top executives’ commitment to the company’s future development is double that. We believe that the company’s current valuation is attractive, looking at the company’s long-term performance, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report. The Institute has been mainly engaged in research in the real estate sector and related upstream and downstream chains.