The effects of deep farming in urban areas are highlighted by the expansion of two-wing operations The company released its semi-annual report for 2021: total operating income of $89,972 million, with the same growth as the effects of deep farming in urban areas, with a steady increase in sales returns.
(a) Sales growth is the same as the market, with a reasonable level of push. During the reporting period, companies achieved sales volumes, combined across the long triangle, accounting for 53 per cent of sales and 77 per cent of sales in the 38 core cities of the company.
In the priority cities of Central Guangzhou, sales were over $26 billion, in Fuoshan more than $20 billion, in Nanjing, Dongjung, Shanghai more than 10 billion, and the effects of deep farming in Shanghai were evident.c) profit growth remained stable, and the Maori rate was short-term pressured. The overall Māori rate for companies during the reporting period was 32.50%, down by 3.22pt, Māori.
The downward trend is consistent with the industry’s downward trend in profitability. As high-value projects move forward, Māori adheres to the principle of equal growth, balancing size with profit security, accounting for 99% of sales over the same period; and the cost of land extension is $963 billion (as compared with 17%);
In the first half of the year, the company expanded the floor at a cost of $5833/m2. The company insisted on the principle of parity, maintaining a reasonable size of the earth's reserves.
A combination of resource access and profit security has been maintained at more than 70 per cent of reserves in 38 core cities, with more than 80 per cent of residential stock to be developed to meet the development needs of companies for 2-3 years, and financial sound maintenance of the “green staircase”, with significant advantages for background financing.
All of them meet the green line criteria of the three red lines, with the elimination of the pre-collected asset liability rate, a steady increase in performance, a steady increase in focus, sales re-entry, a steady increase in sales, and a steady increase in sales.
At the end, it dropped by 7 pct, maintained its in-house leadership, opened access to finance and increased cost advantages. 3. Growth in performance was positive, with a focus on the “one-wing two-wing” strategy of increasing the “two-wing” industrial layout on a development basis.
The company has developed a portfolio based on real-estate investment development, with integrated services and real-estate finance as the backbone.
As of the end of the reporting period, 428 million square metres had been covered by the Pavli property industry; 622 million square metres had been managed, with contracts/at-large approximately 1.5 times more.
There are seven newly contracted shopping malls completed during the business reporting period, and 29 large purchase centres opened at the end of the reporting period, with an area of 1.93 million, with a rental rate of over 80% in the camp project.
In the first half of 2021, there were four new contracts, and 20 hotels and 4873 guest rooms were opened by the end of the reporting period.
The company insists on the strategic layout of its core cities and urban clusters, the development of priority areas in deep-farming countries, and the availability and rational layout of its land reserves.
The net liability rate and the cost of financing are at a better level in the industry. The company is able to increase its size in the future by balancing the availability of capital with the security of profit.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.