Three seasons of high growth, joint venture ownership, full power, broad-blown groups.
In the first three quarters of the year, 376.2 million vehicles were sold, representing a 46.12 per cent increase. In the year 2016, the roller-by-car roll-out became a star, ranking second in the volume of suv sales in 2016. Sales have been on fire since 2017.
According to the company's annual report, the year 2017 will be followed by the year 2017 by the roll-out of gs7, gs3, mpvgm8, \triangleright.
A variety of new models, such as ga4, new energy gs4, pure electric ge3, ga6phev, ga81.8t and gs4, are expected to drive further growth in the sale of a wide range of vehicles.
There was a breakthrough in the company ' s productive capacity. In 2016, the capacity of the company ' s car fleet reached 104.43%, and in 2017 the company ' s basic \triangleright brands, which did not add new capacity, continued to grow. In the first three quarters of Hiroshima, sales of 50.29 million vehicles increased.
\triangleright 14.25%. The \trianglerights are bright, and the newly launched song and crown at the end of 2016 also show better market competitiveness and become a new point of growth in sales. On the broad front, sales in the previous three quarters amounted to 239.3 million, an increase of 8.22% over the previous three quarters, with a strong growth rate in the last three quarters.
In the first nine months of the year, the number of cars sold in the first nine months reached 15.15 million, an increase of 48% over the same year. The Freeman who launched \triangleright in the second half of 2016 and the guide that was launched at the end of the year became the main contributor to the growth.
The profit growth of the Volatile Group was much faster than the increase in the harvest, thanks to the increase in the Māori rate, which was 24.24 per cent in the third quarter, up from 5 per cent in the same period last year, resulting in a net profit growth of 70 per cent in the first quarter, well above market expectations. The net profit of $8,977 million was realized in the first three quarters, with a net profit growth of 59.79 per cent in the same period.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
Head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of securities industry research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing on the research assistant Sun Hao-ran
China’s People’s University, a graduate student in finance, joined the Eung Xing Bond in 2016. The professor’s own research view.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies