On 13 December 2017, the Guangzhou Automobile Group Inc. received from the Guangzhou City People's Government State Assets Supervisory Council (hereinafter: the City State Finance Committee) a copy of the decision of the Guangzhou City State Finance Committee to agree to the implementation of the second stock options incentive scheme by Guangzhou Automobile Group Ltd.
On 19 December 2017, Guangzhou Motors Group Ltd. issued a list of the persons to whom the award was made, with the following scheme:
\triangleright first granted stock options to no more than 2,600 persons, including directors of companies (excluding independent directors) in office at the time of implementation of the plan, senior management \triangleright
Personnel and other managers, core technical (operational) cadres who have a direct impact on the performance of the company. First-time stock options are awarded at $28.4 per share, while the share options granted are set aside at each award in accordance with the plan \triangleright
The initial period is 24 months from the first transaction until the last one within 36 months of the granting date.
In the first 11 months, 46.5 million vehicles were sold, an increase of 38.41% over the previous 11 months. In 2015, the \triangleright launch of the \triangleright \trange4 \gs4 became a star, ranked second in the suv sales volume in 2016. Sales have remained on fire since 2017.
According to the company’s annual report, the year 2017 will be followed by the year 2017 with the rolls of gs7, gs3,mpvgm8,
The number of new models, such as g4, new energy gs4, pure electric ge3, g6phev, g81.8t and gs4, is expected to increase further the volume of sales of cars. Companies have made a breakthrough. In 2016, the capacity of vehicles to use vehicles reached 104.43%.
In the first 11 months of the year, the number of vehicles sold in Hiroshima reached 64,01 million, compared with the increase in the number of cars sold in the first 11 months of the year.
12.86% of them are well-known, and the new song, title, which was launched at the end of 2016, shows a relatively good market competitiveness as a new point of growth. In the case of Toyota, sales in the first 11 months amounted to 409,000 vehicles, a 5.12% increase compared to the previous 11 months, and a three-quarter growth rate.
\triangleright’s Liberight and year-end guides have become the main contributors to growth. Wide-coloured groups have increased profits much faster than the harvest, and have benefited from higher rates of Maori and higher market expectations.
During the same period last year, net profits increased by 70% per quarter over the same period, far above market expectations, on the basis of a 30% increase in revenue. The first three quarters realized net profits of $8,977 million, with net profits increasing by 59.79% over the same period.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
Head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of securities industry research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing on the research assistant Sun Hao-ran
China’s People’s University, a graduate student in finance, joined the Eung Xing Bond in 2016. The professor’s own research view.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies