On November 23, our company signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with China.
This is yet another step forward in the area of intelligence connectivity, which has been closely aligned with the "1513" strategy and brand-new strategic plan.
The Automotive and Spare Parts Industry Study Group, which brings together the entire group to develop an autonomous branding enterprise, is working on three major breakthroughs: “Electrification, internationalization, networking” and overall promotion of brand upgrading.
The main elements of this collaboration with China's mobile network include the 4g car connection, specifically the development of 4g vehicle-borne communications modules, the networked communications service, the use of car networking platforms and content applications, the new energy monitoring platform and pastes.
In order to ensure the proper functioning of long-term cooperation between the two sides, joint working groups will be set up for the implementation of cooperation and day-to-day communication; and high-level communication mechanisms will be established, as required, with occasional exchange visits.
This collaboration has helped the company to advance the 13th Five-Year Strategy and to make a positive contribution to major breakthroughs in the areas of new energy cars, car connections, smart driving.
On the eve of this Guangzhou Car Festival, the company has published the latest collaboration in the field of smart network connections: the smart electric concept vehicle ispace. On the basis of the tether "aiincar" system, a full-scale experience of smart car life has been created for the owner. In less than two months, the collaboration has taken place in the field of smart network.
In addition, the Guangzhou Car has recently fallen into the sun, and as the host, it has opened a global roll-out of a grandgm8 brand branding matrix.
This time, working with China's mobile network, it is hoped to further develop a deeper network of smart networks that will keep cars moving, networked, and connected.
Intelligent leadership. Wide-blown groups work with tweaks, mobiles, and expand the network of smart networks. In the future, the company will also add new energy cars and smart networks, keeping an eye on the company’s future performance.
The expansion of the North American market has been hampered by the decline in sales of suv, the instability of the Chinese-Japanese relationship.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and is based on the author's professional understanding. This report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party's approval or approval.