Three-quarter cost rates have improved and performance has grown faster than anticipated: the company released its third-quarter report for 2017, and realized operating income of 51,631 million yuan from the beginning of the year to the end of the reporting period.
The same-year increase of 50.15 per cent, the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $8,962 million, and the same-year increase in autonomous joint ventures, which exceeded expectations in the previous three quarters, resulted in a cumulative increase of 27.63 per cent in the volume of 1,466 million vehicles sold by the Broad Gas Group in January-September 2017.
The company's net profit was 50.15% higher than the previous year's. The brand sales under the company were excellent, with a cumulative sales volume of 509,000 vehicles in January-September, a 9.3% increase over the same period last year, and 3,329,000 vehicles in January-September, an increase of 3.2%, a relatively stable increase.
81,000 vehicles, or 199.69% more than in the same year, O'Rande is still supporting the sales of Mitsubishi. Volkswagen Finkles accumulated 152,000 vehicles in the previous three quarters, and accumulated 48% increase in the previous three quarters, with Volkswagen Fick being the main recipient of relative market performance (nearly 12 months)
Accompanied by the help of guides and free light, two new models of car sales increase their volume. A total of 37,110,000 vehicles were sold in the first three quarters, an increase of 46.80 per cent over the previous three months, which was much faster than the average water in the industry, and featured prominently in the red sea of autonomous brands.

Management costs are 2,534 million yuan, an increase of 38 per cent in the same year, and finance costs of $232 million, an increase of 46.1 per cent in the same year. This is mainly due to the outstanding performance of the joint venture brands Finkle and Mitsubishi, which have led to a rapid increase in the sale of high-priced vehicles such as Euroland and the national product Jeep.
In addition, during the last three quarters, the joint venture brands, the hybrid version of Hiro Honda in Yakaku and Raiding and the branding of new cars, increased sales by more than 10% on an equal basis. The high-priced car sales of the joint venture brand under the company’s flag led to an improvement in the joint venture’s product structure, a gradual increase in profitability and sustained corporate performance.
The Institute’s sales team, the author of which has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, has ensured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, with a score to be divided.
The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party ' s approval or approval.