The performance was excellent during the quarter, with “photovoltaic plus low-pressure appliances” driving growth into fast lanes $612 million, an increase of 70.59 per cent over the same period; and a weighted average net asset gain during the quarter, with low-pressure electrical operations recovering, with fast controls on electrical appliances, construction appliances and electrical appliances.
In 2017, the company ' s low-pressure electrical operations were 100 million yuan (yoy+14.21%); the Māori rate was 32.48%, although it was influenced by the price of raw materials.
Genthai appliances (601877.sh): Pepc, which together contributes to robust performance growth - low-pressure appliances are basically stock production, but sales of major products in 2017
More than 97% of the total, with more than sales of electrical appliances/end-of-pipes/electronics growing rapidly, and a larger share in the sale of some photovoltaic plants in the first quarter of 2018. The company generated $8,794 million in photovoltage throughout 2017.
(yoy+18.16 per cent) Māori rate of 24.97 per cent, an increase of 1.55 pct. over the same period; the most rapid of these increases was the operation of the photovoltaic station, which achieved $1.701 billion in revenues during the year.
At the end of the first quarter of the year, the company is expected to hold a total equity capacity of 1.96gw, consisting of 1.34gw, a medium power station, and 619mw, a distributed power station.
We expect that the size of the company's own photovoltaic power station will continue to grow by 500-600mw this year, and that the company will significantly improve with the loss of power from new energy sources.
Future revenues from the operation of photovoltaic power plants are expected to continue to grow, driven by the use of double weight factors that increase the number and size of hours. The benefits are distributed in the form of a new PV deal, with the potential for companies to develop with photovoltaic operations.
The recently released version of the Distributed Photovoltaics Project Management Scheme (for comments) of the Bureau of Energy provides that industrial and business distribution photovoltaics do not have the option of full access to the Internet, and household use of distributed photovoltaics allows the option of full access to the Internet.
In 2017, more than 40,000 households were installed on a photovoltaic basis. To enhance the market expansion of the residential roof, the company has recruited 60 agents in Zhejiang province and has developed 22 agents in Anhui, Henan, Shandong and Jiangsu markets outside the province.
In addition, the company has a significant advantage in the use of light in households, with more than 400 core distributors and more than 2,800 distribution outlets as of the end of 2017. We believe that these channels, which are supported by the provincial capital city and district level, will be in the future.
A profit forecast: Under the assumption of a robust growth in low-pressure electrical operations, companies benefit from the rapid development of their own photovoltaic operations, especially household photovoltaics, and their overall future performance.
The speed of growth is expected to accelerate. We adjust the company's 2018 and 2019 projections for PV power stations, respectively, with less than the expected number of hours of electricity generation.
The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. The accuracy and completeness of interest is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is not consistent with the views expressed.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.