The speed of growth is much higher than expected, and the trend is even better.
▪ The company published annual reports in 2017 and a quarterly report in 18 years, showing overall market expectations. During the 17-year reporting period, the company achieved business income of $23.417 billion, an increase of 16.13 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the parent company of $2.84 billion, an increase of 29.98 per cent over the same period.
This represents an increase of $748 million in operating income and $872 million in net profits attributable to the parent company, corresponding to an increase of 85.59 per cent for the ps. The company sells power stations in a quarter, affecting the withholding of unnet profits of $170 million, and after removing the impact, the deduction of non-net profits increases by 32 per cent, again exceeding market expectations.
Percentage point. In the cost breakdown of low-pressure appliances, the ratio of raw materials to manual power has increased, and the cost has decreased. In 18q1, we see a 27 per cent increase in low-pressure appliances, a 30 per cent increase in net profits, and Mäori can compare the sales and income growth of various items of low-pressure appliances.
It is clear that 16 years of sales have increased at a higher rate than income, which means that prices as a whole have fallen in the early stages of the recovery, while the Māori rate has also declined; 17 years of sales by sub-items have increased at a lower rate than income growth, indicating that 17 years have been in an environment of major upswings.
The price of the company's products has increased, and the bargaining power of the company is well illustrated. The decline in the Māori rate has decreased sharply over 17 years. If the upstream cost has fallen, the company's Māori shareholdings provide incentives for employees and distributors, light.
The company ' s low-pressure appliances consist mainly of the Ministry of Industry, which controls electrical + terminal + electrical distribution + relay + zero voltage sales + low-voltage appliances with investment components, which can be easily observed in the parent ' s calibre and can be more sustainable.
The current trend of low-pressure electrical plates, with a 27 per cent increase in the parent company's revenue during the quarter, a net gain for the parent 2. Low-pressure appliances continue to recover, photovoltaic power is growing at a rate of more than 30 per cent, and the trend continues to rise.
3. Downstream recovery at the level of operations, with net interest rates at one point, unlike the traditional distribution low-pressure brand, which is a direct sales brand, globalization, M & As integration, intelligence
For 17 years, Le Wu Quixada has achieved a revenue of $8.79 billion, an increase of 18.16 per cent over the same year; 18q1 light-voltage industry, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity, electricity,
The profits of the photovoltaic plate are mainly derived from the operation of the power station, the improvement of its stock is evident, the quality of the plant is constantly improving, and the load is increasing. The household plate is a representative of the growth of the plate, and the company was financing the household photovoltaic at the beginning of the 17th year, and has now invested 1,733 million dollars, entering the market in 17 years, starting with the lease.
The share of direct sales will continue to increase, with 1.7 billion investments in household loaders of about 200-250mw, a quarterly distributed loader that continues to grow by about 50mw, and the rest of the business-distributed residual overflow mode of Internet access, which exceeded 2.175gw for company-owned power plants at the end of 17, with 18q1 holding due to power transfer.
There has been a slight decline in power stations; more than 1gw is currently being built and proposed. In 17 years, the number of hours spent on company power stations increased from 956 hours in 16 to 970 hours, and the average price of electricity on the Internet rose from 0.80 to 0.81 in 16 years, mainly because of the increase in the share of distributed installed machines.
During the reporting period, more than 40,000 households (more than 200 mw) were installed with the new home-based energy source, leading the domestic household-based photovoltaic industry, hosting national fairs for the exchange of experiences in the application of photovoltaic applications, hosting the launch of the "New Energy Demonstration Town" and the "Change-Thai Academy" and the inauguration of the "Change-Thai Academy" in Jinthai Town Village.
In the province of Zhejiang, 60 agents have been recruited and 22 agents have been developed outside the province, including Anhui, Henan, Shandong and Jiangsu.
On 31 December 2017, Zhejiang Chengtai New Energy Development Co. Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, signed an equity transfer agreement with Zhejiang Water and Power Investment Group Ltd. to sell 51 per cent of the shares of its Gansu and Ningxia District 9 Photovoltaic Power Station Projects to Zhejiang Water and Power Investment Group Ltd.
Right, net profit contribution of 170 million (partially confirmed). Actively nurturing new business. Connecting to the entire industrial chain of the energy Internet. In an era of energy change. Jung-tae is in the midst of a wave of reform.
Business, such as the construction of regional micro-grids that integrate “new energy generation, distribution, distribution, electricity distribution, electricity use”, transformation of current business models: the active development of terrestrial photovoltaic power stations and the development of business and household photovoltaic systems; full participation in the user-side distributed power market: the creation of energy Internet platforms, the integration of photovoltaic power and electricity
The industrial chain resources of the machine are synergizing. Distributed photovoltaics, storages, and intelligent regional grids are the physical basis of the energy source Internet, and the company's current advantage in distributed photovoltaic and electrical equipment is already evident, and it is actively storing its energy.
The sub-acquisitions were conducive to a sustained and stable supply of resources and industrial development for the industrialization of the storage capacity The storage power emasculation system is a national leader, laying the foundation for the advancement of the business of the storage capacity. 1 million policy gains were made in research and product development projects based on industry, commercial applications and storage systems for key technologies.
The overall cost rate of 18q1 was 16.8 per cent, with a slight overall increase, mainly in the light and light seasons, the reasons for the lower cost of operating, as usual, and the reasons for the construction of cross-regional channels for household use in preparation for the season of the second or third quarter.
As cash accumulates, operating capital is very high, and the year of the promotion is also a year of great development for the fluorescent household, with a long-term view of the company’s whole-of-the-industry layout, and a place like the one where Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.