Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The company's performance is at the upper limit of the forecast and its business performance continues to be excellent.
The pcb control capacity continues to improve, and the slabs are going up well. According to the company's business breakdowns, the pick-up end pcb\the base plate has increased by 22% \\50.3% for the same year, and gross 20202213.
Interest rate end pcb\assembled base plate \ Electronic assembly combinations increase by 3 pct\0.7 pct\0.8 pct, respectively. Classifications show that the growth in the pcb camp was mainly due to the increase in the volume and average price of the company ' s products from the production and release of South China II, while the increase in the pcb Maori rate was the same and the level was similar to that of the entire 19-year period, as can be seen from the epidemic.
4. " The ability of companies to hold fees has increased significantly due to the adverse factors of the expected performance and the ability of new production to meet multiple demands; in the case of the sealing of base plates, 19 years of release from the tinless plant - an advance review of the annual Deep South circuit report " ,
A good climb has dragged down the profits of the enveloped base plate business, but we can see from 20H1, that the Māori Ring ratio has increased significantly, and the volume rise logic, that the price of Māori on the board has recovered from the level of 2.2 pct to 28.5 per cent for the entire 19-year period, and that it has risen from the level of the son to the level of 28.5 per cent.
In the three-quarterly review of the deep south circuit, the Division achieved a net profit of $185 million (only 1.64 for the entire 19-year period) of 20h1 in the deep south, as can be seen from the smooth climb of the company's enveloped base plate, which is expected to release elasticity.
q3 industry has been under a bit of pressure and has remained in the same direction for a long time. The company’s performance is well documented by the strong demand in the 20h1 communications industry, but according to the industry chain survey, some of the project’s progress has been delayed since 15 May, when the domestic telecommunications provider received an upgrade to the United States sanctions, resulting in the release of the pcb vendor’s q3 order.
The trend in demand, such as the new platform's server pull-over, remains unchanged, with the company acting as a global gateway to Dundee.
The growth path of a highly competitive pcb manufacturer is still clear and long-term value certainty remains unchanged.
Upon recovery, the amount of $183 was observed, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, then averaged the final rating as the market's average investment