Chu's performance has grown significantly, and the 2q20 performance has accelerated further. 2020's net profit growth has accelerated further, and the Māori rate has increased by 2.6 percentage points over the same period.
Looking ahead, the 5g and idc industries are promising, and the company's start-up in South Chinaton II will further drive the rapid growth of the pcb business income and profits, and the non-tin-boarding industry will be able to climb up the slopes after the birth of 2h19
The company’s profits will continue to grow rapidly in 2020, as further losses are expected to decrease. Public 1h20 profits are expected to grow significantly: in the first half of 2020, the company achieved revenues of $5.92 billion, while yoy grew by 23.5 per cent; net profits of $720 million, yoy grew by 53.8 per cent, and eps 1.52 dollars.
By operation, the company’s pcb business income increased by 22 to 4.3 billion yuan, as compared to the same amount, as a result of the growth in communications, data centres, medical demand, and the accumulation of capacity release.
At that time, the Māori rate also increased by 3.1 percentage points to 27.6 per cent over the same period in the previous year and was the most significant driver of performance growth; the enveloped base plate business grew by 50 per cent, yielding revenue of $750 million, Māori rate of 28.5 per cent, which was 0.7 percentage points higher than Piki, and the company ' s 2h19 tin-free board plant, which is currently actively imported into storage.
Households, with capacity in the slope stage, are expected to generate new growth points in the future; IEC operations revenue 5g further accelerates the growth of demand in pcb: China, as the first echelon of global 5g development, is expected to see a significant acceleration in the growth of 5g investment in 2020, which is expected to lead to a rapid increase in the prices of corporate products.
At a time when the company, as the country's largest pcb enterprise, is active in the 5g industry, the ratio of institutional investors to the circulationa share of the company's South China II pcb product will expand (for 5g and the number) to become operational by the end of 1020 and will fully benefit from the development of the 5g industry.
The 5g investment is not as high as expected, and the new crown epidemic is delaying the release of demand from the industry.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.