The project is progressing well, with rapid growth in performance under the weather cycle ..the semi-annual 20-year review of the deep south circuit (002916.sz).
Corporate rating: Increase (maintain) 1.2020 performance in the first half of the year is as expected. Companies achieved revenue in the first half of the year 2020, an increase of 53.77 per cent in the same year; companies achieved operating income in the first quarter of 20q2
34.18 billion yuan, an increase of 30.02 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of 448 million yuan, the performance of the division is in line with expectations and the profitability of the weather cycle continues to increase.
2. The weather cycle continues, and the new capital 5g HF high-speed pcb drives rapid growth. On the demand side, the demand for communications and data centres continues to rise.
Three major operators spent $169.99 billion on capital in the first half of the year, with 5g base station-related companies qualifying for portfolio investment advisory business products that followed the changing needs of their clients and benefited from increasing procurement.
As you can see, the Pcb plant was put into production in March 20, 1 deep south circuit depth study - a stable high-quality competition with a total annual output of 1.95 million flat/year) and 3 projects with a total investment of $2 billion.
The semi-annual evaluation of the deep south circuits - the performance is in line with the forecast - the 21-year series of projects is expected to contribute a total of 4 billion battalions, three projects are expected to raise research and development inputs, and the revenues of the enveloped base plate operations continue to grow, storage is expected
Client development is progressing well. The 2020h1 company invested 284 million yuan, or 3.8 per cent, in research and development, mainly to the next generation of high-density, high-integration, high-speed high-frequency, mail-printing circuit boards, storage of envelopes.
In addition, the company is also fast-tracking the hatching of fc-csp products, which is expected to create a new growth point.
Pcb, the company's core business, was released with the build-up capacity, and the base station HF pcb produced by the 5g construction cycle has risen in volume, and the concentration of the industry is expected to be sealed in 2020-2021
Some of the energy from the envelopes is available in the new plant, and the company’s original production is being improved through technological changes and higher automation rates. We expect the industry to be in the electronics complex for three years, 2020e-2022e.
The three-year business income growth rate was 30 per cent, and the Māori rate for the 2020e-2022e operation remained stable as other instruments modules, i.e., test cards, etc., were relatively small. The 2020e-2022e business is expected to have significant potential space in the business area to maintain an increased rating.
The profit scale in Schedule 1 (millions of yuan) is a public compliance channel, and the analytical logic of the report is based on my professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.