The reported performance forecast is excellent, 5g+ data centre high. The performance forecast is high, q2 seasons are record high at 47 to 64%. O2 seasons are record highs in single seasons, with a major benefit of 5g, data centres, etc.
Q2 output and productivity are fast, based on experience and client accumulation.
The unit, compared to the depth of 300, has climbed the slopes, with adequate communications and data centre (including servers) orders, contributing to new performance gains for q2 and is expected to reach 580,000 square metres/year after delivery, generating $1.5 billion in revenue and earning $300 million. Server revenue is rising at a higher than average rate.
The collection ratio has continued to rise, from 6% in 19 years to 8% in 20q1. As new production continues, the company will benefit from the high profile of the 5g base station and the warming of cloud computing capital spending.
In June last year, the tin-free base-plating plant came into production, the product-location high-value storage-assembled base-plate has progressed as expected, and some clients have already certified and produced. According to Prismark, in 2019, the global cover-plate was worth about $8.1 billion, and as more large clients have certified for adoption and domestic flash and dram production, the company will
In addition, companies have over 30% of silicon microphone envelopes in the market, end-uses are mainly in international customers such as three stars and apples, and radio-frequency module envelopes have been used a lot. 52, 42, and 35 times, respectively. The current market rate (ttm, overall) is 53 times higher for the sw-printing circuit board industry.
The company's “recommended” rating is maintained on the basis of elasticity of performance, taking into account that the company is the lead company in the domestic pcb area.s 00005181000011 Increased competition in the industry: 2, less than expected: 3, Risk of price volatility of raw materials: 4, Risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
1. Deep South Circuit (002916) Ministry of Public Administration: q1 shows a high growth in performance, benefiting 5g + cloud plan 2. Deep South Circuit (002916)
Division review: 5g capital plus data centre plus storage provides long-activities Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,