5g+data centre high demand \triangleright \triangleright
The focus is on the next generation of communications pcb, storage, and fc-csp envelopes. High-performance growth in the first half of the year has benefited mainly from a higher share of high-origin products such as 5g and data centres, a rapid resumption of company operations, a high order abundance, a high capacity utilization, a smooth start to new production, and an optimal production efficiency.
The pcb main industry maintains a faster rate of growth, benefiting 5g base station plus data centre demand pull \triangleright 1 \triangleright 1 \ demand is better. 20h1pcb camp collects $4.31 billion, an increase of 22 per cent, representing 73 per cent of total revenue, and Māori rate
The market share is stable, with a new 5g base station in 20h1 in the country, with 257,000 new stations; continued import of large data centre clients, with sufficient production and capacity reserves. The two-phase project in the South-Tunnet series was launched in March, and capacity and productivity are now well uphill, with adequate communications and data centre orders, expected to add 580,000 square metres per year to post-partum capacity, generating 1.5 billion yuan and earning 300 million yuan.
The company will benefit from a 5-g-based station build-up high and cloud computing capital spending warming as the new production capacity continues to grow. The ic board has made a major breakthrough and continues to import stored customers.
20h1 envelopes collected 750 million yuan, or +59 per cent, representing 12.7 per cent of revenue, 28.5 per cent of Māori, and +0.67 ptt. Coverboard operations maintained a leading position in the areas of mems-mic, fingerprints, radio frequency, etc., silicon microphone enveloped base plate s010518100001
The end-use is mostly used by international customers, such as Samsung and Apple. Technologies such as a tin-free base-plating plant, which came into operation in June 19; positioning storage; and active storage of fc-csp are now well advanced, with some customers having completed certification and volume of output, and companies are expected to benefit from storing national production trends.
1. Deep South Circuit (002916), Department Review: 5g+ data 40, 32 and 26 times the number of reported performances. 45 times the current market rate (ttm, overall) for the sw-printing circuit board industry.
Given that the company is the lead company in the country in the pcb field, it maintains its “recommended” rating based on performance elasticity.
q1 High performance growth, benefiting 5g plus cloud plan Increased competition in industry: 2; less than expected: 3, 5g base station construction: 4; risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, formerly employed in Eastern Securities Co. Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., obtained China University of Science and Technology
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.