In the semi-annual review of the Deep South Circuit (002916), the China-China International Holdings has continued to implement the 3-in-0ne strategy to respond quickly to changes in the external environment.
At the same time, it is pushing quickly for the resumption of work and the continuous upgrading of the operational specialization, automation, digitalization of water, China Space Industries Group Ping. The company is constantly upgrading and perfecting the industrial layout and increasing its research and development investment in its various operations in order to improve its skills.
A unique “3-in-one” business model: the company’s main business is the printing of circuit boards, envelope boards, and electronic packaging. After a long period of development, the company has developed a “technology, customer identity”
The “3-in-one” business layout, which enabled the three operations to be continuously expanded in their respective areas, shows a relatively deep 300 index performance. The pcb industry is the basic business for the manufacture of electronic information products.
Industrial processes have a strong integrated technical capability and continue to be technologically and intelligently modified in order to enhance their production capacity. The envelope is a key carrier in the integrated circuit industry chain of containment, providing an electronic connection between the chip and pcb. The company already has a self-controllable envelope.
Production of technologies and processes, and rapid progress in the development and expansion of new products. As the market demand for non-communications, new energy sources and intelligent driving increases, companies are expected to expand further the output of pcb and enveloped base plate operations.
China’s e-consumption market is growing rapidly, but at the same time companies are constantly upgrading their supply chain management, manufacturing, design, and testing capabilities, integrating supply chains, and promoting development in the focus area.
Data cut-off date: 21 August 2020 Lead technological advantage and stable market base: companies have always adhered to an autonomous innovation development strategy with a three-tier R & D system in the R & D, product R & D and technology ministries, moving companies forward
After many years of development, companies maintain a leading position in the industry, from technology to cutting-edge product development, bringing quality and stable product quality to the company.
_aaa_Deep South Circuit (002916), mid-2019. 5g. Sustained increase in R & D inputs to match market demand.
Circuit boards, storage notes fc-csp envelopes to respond to the fast-growing 5g market.
He wants to have a seat on the 5g market. At the same time, leading technological excellence, a strong level of R & D and a stable and reliable quality of products bring high-quality and stable customer resources to the company.
Long-term stable development provides the basis for advanced clean environment capabilities, with an emphasis on environmental protection: as environmental awareness increases, market attention to clean environment capacity increases, especially in highly polluting and consuming manufacturing industries.
The company has increased its investment in energy-efficient and environmentally friendly environments by establishing a cleaner production committee and three special panels on energy efficiency, reduction and reduction, focusing on the reduction of emissions from source pollutants and the treatment of unpriced waste. The company has further reduced the cost of pollution disposal through its own R & D treatment.
Risk factors: technology research and development is not as high as expected, market competitiveness is becoming more competitive, macro-regulations are increasing the risk of post-partum capacity climbing