New M7 is on the market, and a new last cycle is expected to start.
Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients (Intelligent), Six Editions 26.98/32.98 (Intelligent) 10,000.
Electricity consumption is 5.6l/100km. m7 upgrades are completely new and is expected to lead to a new up-to-date cycle. m7 total increase of $500 million in inputs, with core upgrades at the point of intellectual upgrades (ads 2.0) + cabin connectivity/comfort improvements (additional).
Maglink interfaces, but not yet upgraded to Hongmun 4.0; seating comfort enhancement) + spatial optimization (suggested for the top five editions) + safety enhancement (main passive safety upgrades). 1) Smart & smart cabin: New m7max version on Ads 2.0, hardware 3 additional cameras + 1 top laser
Radar, the company expects to have a national drive in December 2023 in Nca, downtown (previously planned to open 45 cities by the end of the year). In addition, new m7 has a visible parking capability to support park parking and super-facilitating spaces in the park.
In addition, the back row is marked with the huaweiimaglink interface, which allows multi-equipment connections to be achieved by selecting a car-mounted smart screen.
Users have more options. 3) Main passive safety: Aerosity and collision safety improvements, coupled with a first full collision control system, aeb maximum stop speed up to 90 km/h. 4) Comfortable configuration: five coordinates full of new Cotton Sugar seats with four chairs for ventilation, heating and massage
Yes, six new zero-gravity seats. New energy technologies and a strong car-making + deep collaboration on the smart-selection model. Companies and China are working together to create a brand of question-making under the smart-selection model. For 23 years, they've been working together.
Group, complete closed-end management of sales delivery: m5/m7 completes the replacement, applied the newest smart drive, Cyrus (601127): 2023 semi-annual report; flagship model m9 will develop production using a new platform, the entire platform will become more iterative.
A new cycle is expected to start with multiple catalytic channels + products. Performance ratings: performance meets expectations, ask communities – profitability projections and investment ratings: ownership of new energy technologies – and hands-on models.
Felix: 20231 Performance rating: performance meets expectations, ask communities expect: companies and China to work together to move forward faster than expected
The three major financial forecasting tables of Cyrus, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.