The change in the exchange rate of the renminbi against the United States dollar will have some impact on duty-free and outbound operations in the tourism section: from August 17 to the present, the process of appreciation of the renminbi to devaluation of the renminbi, the tourism section.
The segment of the industry that is more affected by the exchange rate is concentrated in tax-free and exit plates, in which the major cost components of the board (about 70 per cent) are usually accounted for in the renminbi, while travel agencies and upstream resources have agreed on an account period, so the effect of exchange rate movements on the exit plate is theoretical.
The tax-free Chinese product, which is free of exchange rates, is dominated by tobacco and alcohol, which account for about 15 per cent and 20 per cent of the total, while the procurement cycles of the different categories vary, and the fashion products are usually two seasons a year (spring summer and autumn winter).
Relative developments in the supply of goods: companies are exempt from duty-free wholesale purchases in Hong Kong, settled in United States dollars and Hong Kong currency, with a relatively high share of the United States dollar and Hong Kong currency in foreign currency reserves (more than 90 per cent), and foreign currency should: 1. " China ' s Annual Travel Report and Quarterly Review " - 18q1 performance
The country’s products, such as tobacco and alcohol, are priced in the renminbi, are not affected by foreign currency, with revenues of about 15 to 20%, and the exchange rate impact is taken into account.
2. " China National Travel " , which is about six months away from the procurement cycle for the sale of goods, combines Māori rates with Māori rates, influenced by the inventory cycle and the RMB exchange rate, and the renminbi continues.
3. " The performance of the Hong Kong National Tourism Corporation for 17 years will be subject to a decline in the Māori rate: historical tax-exempt Māori rates related to the RMB rate show a positive correlation between the inventory swing days and Māori rates, and negative exchange rates between the United States dollar and the RMB
4. Third Quarterly Review of China ' s Travel - Sanya Tax Free Shop Relations. q1 ' s Māori rate rose by 9 pct in 2018, with significant internal improvements due to changes in income structure and growth on the one hand, 2017.10.27
On the other hand, the increase in the Māori rate following the exchange of remittances was due to the appreciation of the renminbi in August 17th.
There is a tendency to depreciate the renminbi in the context of China’s trade problems and the US dollar’s upward trend, and it is difficult to estimate this year’s change in the renminbi’s exchange rate, taking into account the dynamic trend of the renminbi’s devaluation. The Māori rate has more influence factors, the effect of the exchange rate is difficult to predict, and the company’s ownership is in response to exchange rate changes.
Proactiveness, combined consideration of Shanghai and Beijing, influences companies to report higher performance expectations: China travel has more Māori impact factors for tax exemption, and the exchange rate is only a small part of it, and it cannot be accurately captured. Returning to the value of Chinese travel investments, companies have catalysts in the short and long term, and in the long term, in the country.
The company would benefit greatly from a national tax-exempt business under the policy of guiding the return of overseas consumption.
The increase in the Māori rate was not as high as expected; the results of the Shanghai airport tender were not as high as expected; the exemption policy from the island was not as open as expected; and the domestic liberalization of tax-free business rights. First, the devaluation of the renminbi against the United States dollar would be reflected in tax-free and exit plates.
In 17-18, the exchange rate of the renminbi against the United States dollar changed considerably, and after 17 years of rapid appreciation of the renminbi, the dollar became stronger as events such as the increase in interest rates and the imposition of customs duties by the United States on China's exports affected the dollar, and the renminbi entered the depreciating route: from 6.95 to 6.28 April 2018, the median price of the dollar against the people was 6.95 to 6.28.
On 12 April, the median value of the United States dollar against the renminbi was 6.67, compared with the depreciation of the renminbi in April.
The exchange rate influences the Māori rate as a result of purchasing the relevant resources abroad, while the company’s foreign exchange reserves generate some exchange gains or losses.
The impact of exchange rate movements on the exit pool is theoretically small compared to the decline in the renminbi; domestic tax exemptions are now mainly for overseas products, mainly in Hong Kong currency and the United States dollar.
The main cost of the tax is the cost of purchasing the goods, with the corresponding labour cost ratio being relatively low. Second, the Chinese brigade has tax-exempt and travel agency operations, both of which are affected by exchange rates, including travel agency operations and tax-exempt operations, both of which are affected by exchange rates: different operations
There are different inventory swing cycles and account periods, requiring a split analysis of operations. 28,282 million yuan/+26.32 per cent of revenues from travel agencies were realized in 2017, of which 12,278 million yuan/-2.98 per cent was earned, while the revenues from commodity sales operations were $15,62 billion/+66.55 per cent.
Exchange rate influences on the revenue of travel agencies are the revenue from exit operations of $6.46 billion/-3.37 per cent and the revenue from entry trips of $668 million/+848 per cent. Tax-exempt and tax-bearing merchandise operations in commodity sales include both domestic and overseas commodities, and therefore the weight factor for overseas commodities needs to be taken into account.
Travel agency operations only take into account the impact of the exit board on the cost end of the exchange rate changes. The impact of the exchange rate changes on exchange gains and losses is difficult to measure because of the prevailing foreign exchange hedging system in the tourism agency: $6.46 billion in revenue from the 17-year exit and $6.135 billion in operating costs, Māori rate
5.03%. The cost composition of the Bamboo National Brigade is mainly affected by the exchange rate by about 30% of the local service component, which has a procurement-to-settlement cycle of about six months between the general travel agency and the local office, and by the relative stability of the price set by the consumer approximately three to three months in advance.
This can be done at an optional time, so it is a relatively complex process, influenced by the actual measurement of the RMB exchange rate on the Māori ratio of travel agencies abroad. And where competition in the market is relatively strong, businesses tend to increase their share of the market by passing profits to consumers.
Tax-free Chinese products are not affected by the exchange rate, and domestic products are dominated by tobacco and alcohol, accounting for about 15 per cent of the total: China's travel duty-free wholesales are purchased free of charge through Hong Kong, and are more settled in United States dollars and Hong Kong currency, which are relatively high (over 90 per cent) in terms of corporate foreign currency reserves and foreign currency accounts payable.
In terms of tax-exempt income, a portion of the country’s products, such as tobacco and alcohol, are priced in the renminbi, which is not affected by the foreign currency.
There are differences in the import cycles of different categories of goods in the exemption. Fashion is generally two seasons per year (spring summer and autumn winter), and perfumed supplies are relatively dynamic: the company ' s inventory turnover in 2017 was 48.9 days, which is the result of the increase in the number of days spent in 2017.
It's a weighted average of the travel agency's operations and tax-free plates. Observation of the people's letters, Caesar, and the south of the three boards is on the market.
The inventory is almost the same as the stock size of the company as a whole, with a turnover of approximately 74 days. A company’s grass-roots study shows that fashion items are generally awarded contracts in June and December, with a high demand for cosmetics and a six-month inventory cycle that is largely compatible with the stock cycle for the sale of commodities.
Figure 8: Number of days (days) of inventory turnover during the 2013-2018q1 disclosure period III. Analysis of the impact of exchange rate changes on corporate Māori rates and net profits
Changes in currency assets to extrapolate the effect of exchange rates on the company ' s Māori rate and profits: travel agency operations and tax-free operations are included in foreign currency assets, while travel agency revenues are large and tax-exempt operations cannot be readily removed from foreign currency amounts, and tax-exempt operations can only be based on certain assumptions.
Stock cycles and operating costs are taken into account. Fashion items are placed in June and December, so the cost of the fashion items can be equal to the cost of considering exchange rate changes in June and December, and perfumed orders are relatively dynamic, recalling the relevance of the 2013-2018 tax-free Māori rate to the RMB exchange rate.
In terms of the Māori ratio, the exchange rate of the inventory turnover days and the United States dollar against the RMB is more marked by the variation, with the positive correlation between the inventory turnover days and the 40% exchange rate of the United States dollar against the RMB, with the Māori rate rising by about 26% for the T.S. q1 store.
The Division's business structure is more in favour of tax-free sections, with a tax-free Māori rate of about 45 per cent and a tourism services Māori rate of about 10 per cent. On the one hand, changes in the income structure have led to an increase in Māori rates and, on the other hand, because of the fact that q1-saled tax-free products are mainly procured for q3 and q4 products from the inventory point of view, together with q3 and q4 products.
As consumers’ demand for tax-free goods rose by billions of yuan, q1 was sold mainly as a q4 stock, so the relative appreciation of the RMB 17q4 led to an increase in the company’s Māori rate. By ring data, the RMB appreciated significantly in the first half of the year, starting in March, with the renminbi depreciating gradually.
By the same comparison, the renminbi appreciated significantly: Māori, affected by the renminbi appreciation in the first half of the year, rose gradually by 1% when the renminbi appreciated according to the regression analysis model above, tax-free Māori increased by 0.14 pt and the overall Māori increased by 0.09 pt. Assuming exchange rate changes for average q4 and q1
There is a tendency to depreciate the currency, and this year's Māori rate is difficult to estimate in the light of the dynamics, if the trend to depreciate the renminbi is constant.
▪ Māori rates are ultimately determined by cost and income, and upstream bargaining capacity and downstream premium rates are the ultimate key indicator: premium capacity with upstream suppliers is determined primarily by size, and consideration is given to travel agencies and duty-free operations in cases where exchange rates vary significantly.
In simple terms, foreign importers will be able to make some concessions in terms of exchange rate movements when the size of the avoided market share is more than 70% of China’s tax-exempt section. Second, among downstream consumers, because the consumer value is converted into RMB relative to the foreign currency of origin.
So, when the renminbi depreciates against the dollar, the consumer’s psychological price will change upwards, and the company will have room for a price change. The tax-exempt Māori influence factor in China’s travel is greater, and the exchange rate is only a small part of it, with relative uncertainty: due to stock turnover and procurement periods.
The problem is that it is difficult to observe the impact of exchange rates on companies using accurate models, and that in the case of exchange rate changes, companies can take certain measures to transfer risks. The factors that affect the Māori ratio of products in international trade are, on the one hand, size, product structure, procurement cycle, transportation, and storage.
In terms of return to the value of investment in China’s national tourism, the company has a catalyst in the short and long term, and in the long term, it will benefit greatly from being a national leader in tax-exempt operations under the State’s policy of directing the return of overseas consumption: in the long run, the State’s determination to channel the return of overseas consumption will remain unchanged, and tax-free operations will be the largest.
In the future, China's travel as the only nation-wide tax-free operator is expected to enrich the tax-free consumption landscape for the long term. In the short term, China reports the profits of the wholesale segment of the Beijing section of the Shanghai airport, while the Shanghai airport bidding process is under way, and the company's chances of winning the bid are high.
Larger, the country’s better tax-free resources are in the company, and the pace of intra-city tax-free shops and internationalization is increasing.
Cross-border power suppliers, overseas consumption channels, Asia remains the main source of luxury purchases by Chinese.
Importers of electricity across borders are 100 million-grade markets, duty-free markets, and South Korea's tax-free sales are at the forefront.
Tax-free consumption was $12.8 billion in 2017.
Low unit prices and tax-exempt low-frequency high-cost unit price decisions are beginning to emerge, leading to rational consumption and tax-free/low-tax scenarios for consumption of different groups of goods.
More diversified channels are the main reason for this. From the national policy point of view, the regulation of cross-border power suppliers is being developed in terms of policy regulations, taxation of postage, etc.
On the other hand, tax-exempt countries have been encouraged to increase their domestic counter-opportunities through tax-exempt consumption backflows.
High demand for quality and price advantage; Consumer and value-added tax (VAT) China's tax-free sku and tax-free shopping channels remain valid for reasons of compound tax system
Prices vary considerably from those of the tax-exempt channels. In the first half of 2018, the company reported an overperformance: Hainan Island in the first half of the year.
RMB 100 million, an increase of 22.6 per cent, 32.2 per cent and 24.1 per cent, respectively, of the same year.
The profits are expected to be $450 million, of which the T2 terminal at White Cloud Airport became fully operational on May 19th, the Hong Kong Smoking and Wine section became operational on November 18th, 17th, and the company ' s tax-exempt Māori rate in 2018 was not as high as expected: overall, the Māori rate is higher than Japan and international.
For tax-exempt operators, there is some room for improvement, which can theoretically be achieved by adjusting their size and class structure. The result of the bidding process at Shanghai Airport is not as good as expected: the current T2 tax-free shop at Shanghai Airport and the Rainbow Bridge Airport are exempt.
Tax bidding is under way, with a strong expectation of exemption from the right to operate and uncertainty about rents.  Tax exemption policy is not as open as expected: tax exemption policy has been open since April of this year as a result of continuous catalytic efforts to mark the thirtieth anniversary of the construction of the South Province of China, and policy guidelines on tax exemption and duty-free coverage for all passengers have been put in place.
Specific rules still need to be worked out. Domestic liberalization of the right to tax-free operations: China’s tax-free market now has a pattern in which China’s tax-exempt market is dominated by China’s monopoly over foreign countries.
The tax-free operating card is open to the public, the relevant report rating ratio is analysed in the market, and the final rating is then calculated on average and used as the average market investment.