China Travel (601888) Leisure Services with tax-free performance and high growth with prospects for sustainability
(b) Realization of the net return to the mother, 1.92 billion yuan, or 47.6 per cent, and deduction of the non-net profit, $1.91 billion yuan, or 48.4 per cent, of which q2 won $12.24 billion in the quarter, or 80.3 per cent, and net return to the mother, or 80.3 per cent.
760 million yuan, an increase of 30.5 per cent over the same period; significant growth in performance has largely benefited from the high growth in the combined performance of Shanghai, Japan, and the former exemption from internal and external growth, and the level of profit has remained high. 1) Shanghai, Japan, combined with the capital airport, has seen a steady increase in corporate travel agency operations in the first half of the year.
In the long run, 54.3 billion yuan (Yoy+0.5 per cent) was achieved; the tax-free industry in Shanghai and Beijing increased significantly, with 149.7 billion yuan (Yoy+126.3 per cent) in tax-free operations and 70.9 per cent (Yoy+18.4 pp) in revenue from tax-free shopping centres in Zaya Bay.
(Yoy+28.7 per cent); tax-free shops at the capital airport received $3.97 billion, contributing $2.61 billion in incremental income; tax-free business income of $3.834 billion in Shanghai, Japan; and tax-free business income of $950 million at the Hong Kong airport, which opened in November 2017.
2) Tax-exempt business share + Mäori rate increases and costs rise significantly in the short term. 2018h1 Travel Agency Mäori rate is 9%, which is the same as the same period last year, while commercial sales (tax + tax) Mäori rate is 51.7% (yoy+8.2 pp), combined with tax-exempt business share factor, supports the company ' s overall Mäori rate by a large margin.
Upgraded by 12.7 pp to 41.2%, Shanghai airport competitive bidding landed, company upstream procurement continued to expand, company bargaining capacity is expected to increase continuously, further reducing procurement costs, and the overall Māori ratio continues to rise in the context of cost improvement trends.
The rate rose significantly from 12.2 pp to 23.05% over the same period, while the management cost decreased slightly by 0.4 pp, and the overall net increase was expected to improve, leaving room for greater profitability. Quality factors were gradually released, and high performance growth was sustainable.
1. The tax-exempt operations in Hainan Island performed well, and tax-exempt operations in the city were expected: the latest data show that in the first half of the year, there were 22.6 per cent increases in the same year, and the corresponding unit price was $3564.2 per cent, a small 5 per cent increase in the same year. Following further changes in the guidance, tax-exempt policies from the island became more frequent and tax-free.
It is expected that the market will continue to ease, and that in February 2018 the Sanya tax-free Boding Point will be officially opened, with Boding Airport becoming the third largest airport in Hainan or once again increasing the number of tax-free 3A shopping people. (2) The performance of Shanghai, Beijing, Shanghai, and Shanghai will continue to be more certain, with a strong leader.
On the top of the Shanghai Rainbow Bridge and Shanghai Po Dong Airport Free Shop projects, it was agreed to raise the total value of the bottom sales during the 2019-2025 Rainbow Bridge and Pudong Airport contracts to $43.07 billion yuan, respectively, with a return point rate set at 3) to actively internationalize the layouts and open up the imagination with tax-free multi-channels.
In November 2017, eight Hong Kong airport tobacco- and alcohol-free shops began to operate on a trial basis, and in May 2018 they were exempted from the royal authority to sign a five-year tax-free Macao airport. In July, the company announced the creation of a limited division of tax-free shops in Macao, the Central and Free Group, which is expected to contribute to the internationalization of offshore tax-free operations.
Six airport entry duty-free shops in Kunming, Guangzhou, Qingdao, Nanjing, Chengdu, Urumqi are expected to contribute to the future of tax-free entry and within the city, with a further expansion of the domestic market share. Companies with multiple benefits will continue to grow with high rates of tax-exempt operations.
In the next three years, the net return profits will remain at 41% compound growth. Companies have an absolute and dominant advantage in the domestic tax-exempt industry, and the industry’s status continues to rise through integration and mergers. The scale effect is expected to continue, while the company’s high performance growth is expected to continue, benefiting from Hainan’s 30th anniversary theme.
Company profile: Travel agency + tax-exempt giants, high performance growth Travel agency + tax-exempt business, high net profit growth in revenue collection and return to the mother.
Services such as air services, e-commerce, and tax-free operations include, inter alia, the wholesale and retail distribution of duty-free goods such as tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc. The growth in corporate travel agency operations has been steady in recent years, the growth in the size of tax-free operations has driven companies to perform well, the structure of operations has improved rapidly over the last five years, and the tax-free share has been expanding.
As of 2018h1, the share of corporate tax-free businesses had risen to 70.9%, which is the main contribution to corporate performance. Moreover, the share of tax-free businesses is much higher than that of tourism services, and up to 2018h1 is higher.
The tax-free unicorns are on the move, and the tax-free operations are very profitable and contribute to an improvement in overall profitability. The company’s tax-exempt Māori rate has remained at about 46%, significantly higher than the tax-based businesses and tourism services, and the overall level of profits of the company, driven by the tax-free operations, is steadily rising.
Up-track, the overall Māori rate and net interest rate rose to 29.8 per cent in 2017 and 10.4 per cent in 2017.
One of the company’s most core duty-free shops is the largest single-body duty-free shop in the world, with a revenue of $6.07 billion in 2017, representing 21.5 per cent of the total revenue of the public sector. The Hainan tax-free industry consists of the Sanya Bay shopping centre under China’s flag and the Melanes airport under China’s flag, in which the Sea Bay shopping centre has an absolute size advantage, with market ownership consistently higher than 70 per cent.
It is hoped that further liberalization will be possible with regard to the introduction of a radical change of opinion, the introduction of tax-exempt limits on Hainan Island, the application of people, etc. In the light of the tax-exit policy of the past, it will be possible to determine its apparent positive incentives for the tax-exempt sector.
2.2 Expiration: The internationalization landscape has accelerated, the expansion pace has been strong and the vanguard has continued to consolidate. Since 2017, companies have continued to expand with branding power and financial advantage, and the layout of the sub-areas of airport exemption, extraterritorial exemption and entry exemption has continued with scale.
The project, which was achieved in March, together with the company ' s success in 2017 in winning Kunming, Guangzhou, Qingdao, Nanking, Chengdu, and six airport entry duty-free shops in Urumqi, together contributed to the sustained growth in the scale of corporate sales.
In July 2017, the Sino-Chinese Free Group - Lagdell Ltd., a member of the China Free Group, obtained license plates for tobacco and alcohol products at the Hong Kong airport, and sold tobacco and alcohol products at eight shops at the Hong Kong airport (t1, t2 terminal) and started operating in November 2017, at a cost of $950 million for 2018h1.
In July, the company announced its intention to set up a tax-exempt company in Macao, and the offshore tax-exempt business is expected to contribute to the internationalization of the company since 2017.
Assumption 1: assuming a tax exemption for Sanya from 2018 to 2020 at a unit price of $4650, $4700 and $4750, respectively: assuming that Shanghai was smooth and smooth in the first half of 2018, Rainbow Bridge Airport and Pudongt 2 Māori were higher than in the capital airport and that the increase in Māori for the company ' s original tax-free business was triggered.
Assumption 3: Māori rates remain relatively stable on the assumption that tourism services-related operations will grow steadily. On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income for companies for 2018-2020 as follows: a share is now too scarce for a company, given its absolute dominance in tax-exempt industries in the country,a and its industry status is extremely scarce.
The impact of scale is expected to continue to emerge through the continuous increase in mergers and mergers, while benefiting from the catalytic nature of Hainan’s 30th anniversary theme, with companies maintaining a 41% compound annual net profit growth rate. For the first time, coverage is given, with an “enhanced” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.