Consumer upgrading plus policy support, the bigger the tax-exempt leader — the first time that the Chinese Travel (60188.sh) covered the Van Jianxian Research Assistant
For the first time, China's travel covers a high rate of tax-free sales growth: our tax-free industry has grown rapidly in recent years, and the country's tax-free sales have increased from 6 billion yuan in 2008 to China's travel (60188.sh)
Our consumption of luxury goods amounted to $151.6 billion a year, rising to $53.7 billion by 2016, up to 23 per cent in Cagr. Despite the high rate of growth in tax-free sales and luxury consumption, our share of duty-free sales (tax-free sales/luxury consumption) is well below the world average, for example, in 2016, with 4.9 per cent of the country ' s average 25.2 per cent of the world ' s consumption rising and dissipating policy.
The share of tax-free sales will reach 6.5 per cent in 2020, corresponding to our consumption of luxury goods of 78.12 billion yuan in 2020 (McKenzie forecasts) and 50.7 billion yuan in 2020, representing an annual increase of 300 per cent in China ' s travels from 2016 onwards.
In recent years, China's tax-exempt companies, which are leading China's tax-exempt industry, have been able to raise the quality of tax-exempt operations and increase the sales of tax-exempt operations as well as the Māori rate.
China’s travel agency’s business growth has improved steadily, and the travel agency’s Māori rate has remained essentially at 9% since 2013. Of this, travel revenue has contributed more than half of the travel agency’s income, while overseas visa operations and fare agency’s Māori rate has been demonstrated.
The company ' s main data (2018.07.17) provides a sharp direction for the focus on the future development of the company ' s travel agency ' s operations.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Based on industry judgements, we predict revenue, cost costs, profits, and cash flow for the next 10 years. The U.S. is driven by its own expansion and high growth in the industry, tax-free operations will continue to grow at a high rate, while the company travel agency has steadily increased its operations, and we expect the company ps 1.71, 2.77 dollars in 18, 19 and 20 years, respectively.
Policy support for tax-exempt high growth " 2018 Equity Catalyst: Consumer upgrading and policy support for the rapid development of tax-exempt industries, increasing the profitability of companies ' tax-exempt operations through scale expansion and internal resource integration.
Risk factors: macroeconomic cyclical fluctuations and industry ' s less-than-expected risks (including policy risks), industry ' s lack of growth
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in Beijing, Beijing, and the expected, tax-exempt and tax-free Māori rate are not growing as much as expected, industry competition risks, exchange rate risks, and force majeure factors.
Consumer upgrading + policy support, with tax-free flagships dominated by tax-free operations. Companies are now mainly engaged in merchandise trade and travel agency operations, in which merchandise trade operations are tax-free (smoking, perfume, skin protection, cosmetics)
In addition, the company is involved in the development of integrated tourism projects, mainly in tourism portfolio development, attraction development and tourism equity investment.
In charge of the company’s travel agency business, tax-exempt business, and investment development operations for the tourism complex. According to the 2017 annual report, the company’s tax-exempt business accounted for 53 per cent of the company’s total revenue and dominated the company’s operations.
Tax-exempt operations play a central role in improving corporate performance. Tax-free goods are goods that are exempt from customs duties, consumer duties, and import value-added taxes.
Tourists can buy from duty-free countries when buying consumer goods.Figure 3: China’s duty-free commodity prices are split up with the associated taxes and tariffs, which are lower than normal commodity market prices, especially for cigarettes, high-end watches, cosmetics, etc.
The prices of duty-free shops are significantly lower than market prices. For example, in the case of the more popular cosmetics in duty-free sales, the current tariff-free rate is 30 per cent for ordinary cosmetics, 60 per cent for high-quality cosmetics, 30 per cent for cosmetics, and 30 per cent for cosmetics, which are higher, and the prices of duty-free shops are significantly lower than market prices.
By comparing prices for skin protection and cosmetics of the same size as different brands, we found that duty-free prices for skin protection and cosmetics were almost 20% lower than the price of a locker, some of which were even 40% cheaper, and that the advantage of duty-free commodity prices was clear. In the case of duty-free exits, assuming a 20-40% price margin and a single purchase limit of $8,000, each person could buy goods at a maximum of 20-40% and a single purchase limit.
Consumer upgrading + policy supports tax-free high-speed development. The annual global tax-free sales ratio (tax-free/luxury sales) will reach 27.0%, an average annual increase of 0.5 percentage points from 2016 to 2020.
In 2016, our consumption of luxury goods amounted to $537.2 billion, our tax-free sales to $26.3 billion, and our tax-free sales amounted to only 4.9 per cent. We expect tax-free sales to grow by only 0.4 per cent per year from 2016 to 2020, which is below the world average of 0.1 percentage points, so that our tax-free sales will reach 6.5 per cent by 2020. Corresponding to our consumption of luxury goods of $781.2 billion in 2020 (the McKinsey forecast), our tax-free sales will reach $50.7 billion per year from 2016 onwards.
According to McKinsey, 80 and 90 years later contributed 18-20 per cent of global consumption of luxury goods, especially “after 90” and 16 per cent of China's consumption population, up to 2030.
They will contribute more than 20% of China’s total consumption growth, higher than other population age groups. We can also see that the number of upper-middle-class households with a monthly income of between 17,000 and 26,000 will rise to 0.49 million in 2020, an increase of 262% in 2016, and that the total number of mainstream households above the upper middle-class level will rise to 64 million in 2020, an increase of 18.5% in 2016.
As the disposable income of our nationals continues to grow, the number of people in high net terms (individuals with investmentable assets exceeding RMB 10 million) is increasing, maintaining a high annual growth rate of about 20% starting from 09. The increase in per capita income and the growth of the high net population drive high growth in our consumption of luxury goods: in 2008, our national consumption of luxury goods was $151.6 billion, representing only 12% of the total global consumption of luxury goods; in 2016, our national consumption of luxury goods reached $537.3 billion.
According to McKinsey, the main driver of the growth in the consumption of luxury goods in 2015 has shifted from first-time consumption to incremental consumption. With rising national income and rising consumption perceptions, luxury goods consumers have become more decisive in their purchasing decisions, and in recent years, luxury goods have been eliminated.
For example, the ratio of luxury goods purchased in 2010 by our luxury consumers in a relatively high-valued manner will rise from 537.2 billion yuan to 781.2 billion yuan in 2016-2020 and 10% for cagr. Even if our future tax-free sales do not grow at the same level as in 2016 (4.9%), the increase in our total luxury consumption, driven by rising consumption, will be the increase in our tax-free sales in the future.
Policies have led to a return of consumption, although our consumption of luxury goods and tax-free sales have been growing at a high rate, and our share of duty-free sales is still well below the world average.
In 2012, 2016, the share of global duty-free sales in global luxury consumption was 19.8 per cent, 23.6 per cent and 25.2 per cent, respectively, compared to 4.0 per cent, 4.6 per cent and 4.9 per cent, a significant difference in this share, indicating a significant consumption outflow and a large growth space for our duty-free markets worldwide. In the face of the growing problem of consumption outflows, the Government has in recent years reformed a large number of tariff and tax-free policies aimed at stimulating domestic consumption and easing consumption abroad by our citizens.
Table 3: An overview of our tariff policy reforms in recent years, we predict that, under policy guidance, the return of consumption will contribute to the growth of our tax-free sales by about 8 per cent per year from 2016. Our projections of the increase in our tax-free sales are based on the assumption that our tax-free sales will increase by 0.4 per cent per year from 2016 to 2020, if our tax-free sales will increase.
China’s tax-exempt operations operate through fully-owned subsidiaries. China Free Company is the only state-owned, specialized company authorized by the State Council to operate tax-exempt operations throughout the country. It is also the largest tax-exempt operator in the world’s most complete and single-country retail outlets. It has the largest tax-free business complex in the world and has established the country’s only tax-free logistics distribution system.
The tax-exempt operation consists mainly of 10 modes of sale, such as airport duty-free, off-island duty-free, and intra-city tax-free operations. The airport duty-free shop is the establishment of a duty-free market at an airport authorized by an authorized authority, with the approval of the Customs Administration.
Actively participating in the bidding process for the airport's tax-free bid, obtaining tax-free rights for the Hong Kong airport's cigarette- and alcohol-free billboard and the Beijing Capital Airport's t2+t3 terminal, and successfully winning bids for 11 domestic airport entry duty-free shops in 2017 in Kunming, Guangzhou, Qingdao, Nanjing, Chengdu, Urumqi's 6 airports, of which Guangzhou and Chengdu are located at the two airports with the largest volumes of passenger vomiting in 11 airports, with the winning six airports receiving the bulk of passenger vomiting.
A good level of growth has been maintained, all of which provide a strong customer resource base for airport duty-free shops that are exempt from the successful target. The exemption policy refers to the imposition of age, limit, number, number, number of import duty-free shopping for passengers who leave the island by air (excluding departures), payment in duty-free shops where the exemption policy is implemented, and the introduction of tax concessions for goods off the island in the airport’s isolation zone.
Launched on 20 April 2011, the Hainan Pilot was implemented as the fourth region to implement the free-trade policy, following Okinawa, Jeju, Korea, and Mazu, Kinmen, Japan, and is now exempt from the duty-free market of Sanya Sea Bay, the largest off-island shopping centre in the world. The most recent adjustment to the duty-free policy was made on 1 February 2016, when non-island passengers were no longer subject to the limit on the number of purchases, and each person was granted a cumulative exemption per year.
The property limit does not exceed $16,000 and the single purchase limit is $8,000. Assuming that the margin of 20 to 40 per cent and the single purchase limit of $8,000 per person can save up to $2,000 to $5,300 per day on each trip to the Hainan tax-free shop, the cost of round-trip tickets to Hainan can be largely covered, and duty-free shopping to Hainan is more attractive to nationals.
As a result of the upward trend in consumption and the policy-led return to consumption, tax-free operations on the island have grown rapidly, and in recent years have remained at about 25%. Tax-free operations on the island, as an important component of duty-free operations on the middle, have played an important role in raising corporate and even the overall performance of China’s travel.
The island ' s tax-exempt operations, which account for about one third of the total tax-exempt income, account for up to 21 per cent of the group income, and figure 20: exemption from duty-free operating income from the island and the gradual elimination of the effects of the consolidation of the tourism market in Hainan Island in 15 years and the coldness of the country ' s travel to Korea offer opportunities for tax-exempt development from the island.
In terms of airport expansion, the three-phase plan for the expansion of the Sanya airport is expected to be fully completed this year, which will guarantee 20 to 25 million passengers a year, an increase of 18 to 47% compared to the 17 million traffic at the airport last year, providing new space for the future growth of the number of passengers. Meanwhile, the new Sanya airport will be officially built this year, and is expected to become operational by 2020.
The Asian government has continued to build the “National Coast” International Leisure Resort in Sea Bay, where it plans to build a large number of high-end hotels, headed by Atlantis. These airports and brigades, once they are operational, are bound to boost the flow of Sanya Sea Bay passengers significantly, with the benefit of free shopping centers in Sea Bay.
Figure 24: Three-year map guide Future Seagate Bay duty-free shopping malls are expected to benefit from further liberalization of the Hainan off-island tax-free policy. Since the implementation of the Off-island tax-free policy in Hainan in April 2011, a total of five adjustments have been made, and the annual shopping limit has now been raised to $16,000, with no shopping restrictions for non-island residents and applies to aircraft off-island and rail off-island travels
The year 2018 marks the thirtieth anniversary of the construction of Hainan Island, where we believe that the shopping limits, the duty-free application of goods and the range of tourists are expected to be further liberalized, leading to a further increase in the tax-free operation in the Bay. Intra-city duty-free shops are those that, with the approval of the competent authorities of the State Council, provide duty-free goods to travellers within the country who meet the customs duty-free clearance requirements.
The difference is that airport duty-free shops are usually purchased on boarding plates, while duty-free stores in the city are purchased on the basis of passports, which require 180 days of exit records, and some duty-free shops in the city require tax-free goods such as airports at ports of exit. Within the city, exemption includes duty-free entry/exit and duty-free departures from the island city, and entry/exit stores serve Chinese citizens who enter the country, while departure stores serve foreign citizens who leave the country, leaving the island.
China and foreign citizens leaving Hainan Island are now exempt from the monopoly on the operation of duty-free shops in the city of China’s departure from the country’s only duty-free market licence plate. On 8 May 2018, the Shanghai municipality stated in its three-year action plan to launch a “Shanghai shopping” brand to speed up the construction of an international consumer city (2018-2020), that “supports the construction of duty-free shops and border-crossing shops in the city and guides the return of consumption abroad.”
Tax-free shops in Shanghai are expected to be an important step in the development of tax-free businesses in China and China. The development of tax-free shops in our city is still at an exploratory stage.
On February 24, 2017, the capital and legal representative changes were made by the Japanese tax-free company (China) on March 14, 2017 (hereinafter referred to as “Japan China”): 51% of China's share-holding days were cancelled.
China’s legal representative and chairman changed from Jiang Shikang to Wang Xuan, Secretary of the Sino-China Party, and Chen Guoqiang, Director General of the Sino-China Group, and Wang Yan Guang, Vice-President of the Sino-China Group, joined the Chinese Board of Directors. China became the largest bidder for tax-exempt operations in the international zone of the capital airport, with the winner being the first owner of the airport’s tax-exempt project.