Henan's duty-free, and the duty-free carrier is on the verge of a wave, 11th of September 2018, research assistant Dong Xiaojie.
Tax-free carrier reboots the sails, and the M&A is the only State-owned company authorized by the State Council to operate duty-free operations throughout the country, which is a large domestic tax-free company, and which continues to take up China and Shanghai and acquire the capital airport/Shanghai airport tax-free shop, operational editions.
In 2017, it ranked eighth in the world’s tourism retailer ranking (combined in Shanghai after Shanghai) and set out the global goal of a tax-free industry “Save One.”
In 2017, overseas tourism consumption amounted to $115.3 billion (+5.0%), at a per capita cost of nearly $900, while luxury goods were consumed out of more than 400 billion yuan, and tax exemptions were used as an important channel for the return of consumption and continued to benefit from the dividends of the policy.
Airfield duty-free shops have a significant advantage in achieving a high rate of business expansion, increasing the scale effect and operating advantage. 1) Tax-free stores in China are double-priced, with 1.13 million shopping people in 17 years, with a single cost of over $4,600, resulting in high profitability; 2) M & A days in China and Japan
After the sea, the strategic importance of obtaining tax-free operating rights at the capital airport and Shanghai Pudong/Ionbridge airport is high; the rate of deductions meets expectations and is expected to contribute more than $600 million over 18 years; 3) the tax-exit shop at the Texas airport t2 is negotiated, highlighting the advantages of licence plates; 4) cooperation to obtain tax-free Hong Kong airport
The company’s right to operate and move forward towards globalization; 5) taking over the Macao airport tax-free shop, plans to open an intra-city tax-free shop, and to test the competitiveness of globalization by combining travel with multi-occupational tax-exempts.
It is proposed that “a more open, duty-free out-of-island shopping policy be implemented to achieve full passenger coverage and increase the duty-free shopping limit”, with the exemption limit expected to be raised significantly from $16,000; and that the Government meeting propose to promote the opening of tax-free stores in the Seagate and the opening of tax-free shops in Jonglei, with the hope that they will benefit from the departures
The tax-exempt stores in the city of China, which are not yet open, are able to obtain an exemption from foreign consumption by means of better purchases, accounting for nearly 55% of South Korea's tax-exempts. Recently, the tax-exempt stores in Shanghai are scheduled to 1 and China's Travel (601888): reported.
In addition, on M & As days, it is possible to integrate procurement channels, scale up operations, tax-free profitability, perform as expected, improve access, achieve significant improvements, enhance global competitiveness and open up overseas space.
• High-level blood exchange to improve operations, industry integration is expected to be added. In March 17, the Board of Directors of the National Travel Exchange, 2nd, China Travel (601888): the winning bid, followed by the Director of the National Travel of Li, who is no longer a member of the Chinese family, and two of the four non-independent directors.
Pudongt2/Ion Bridge Tax Free Shop, duty-free carrier, exemption from duty-free service, 16 years of exemption from the appointment of Leecharn with international tax-exempt leader management experience.
Cheng is the Chief Operating Officer, professionalizing operations and globalizing; in addition, the State Administration of July 1818,3 and the State Travel of China: a 17-year extension, have made the consolidation of State capital in the tax-exempt sector one of the priorities of the Council of State Finances, with exemption from taxes.
Growth, 1801 Performance Overexpected Integration of high-quality State-owned assets, management motivation 1.1. History: Integration of high-quality State-owned assets and empowerment on M&A days
China's travel has been restructured by the China National Travel Group Ltd., which has been established as an integral part of the reorganization of travel agencies and tax-exempt operations, and has joined with the Hong Kong City Group to establish a joint venture company. China's development is the path to the integration of high-quality state-owned resources, first established by China's International Travel Agency in 1954 and China's tax-exempt goods company in 1984.
The year saw the completion of listing, landing a unit, and the establishment in 2010 of a subsidiary national brigade to invest in foreign investment, integrating and extending the industrial chain, constituting the three main operational blocks for the development of a comprehensive tax-free, travel agency and tourism project.
The Committee approved the reorganization of the National Travel Group with the Hong Kong Central Travel Group, the integration of the Group into the Hong Kong Central Travel Group as a whole, the establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary of the Hong Kong Central Travel Group, and the establishment of the Chinese National Travel Company as a listed company under the banner of the Hong Kong Reorganization Chinese Tourism Group, which no longer acts as a funder as the National Finance Committee.
Figure 2: Reorganization of the pre- and post-equity structure The Hong Kong Central Travel Group, one of the most important and important State-owned enterprises funded by the State Council, is the largest multi-geographical and integrated tourism group in China, China, and Hong Kong.
The industry landscape of tourism properties, tourism finance and related operations covers Hong Kong, the Mainland, and overseas, and covers the relevant subdivisions of travel agencies, on-line tourism, hotels, landscape areas, tax exemptions, real estate, and finance. As important listed companies under the banner of China’s national travel, there is strong synergy with the original business sections of the group.
Potential merger opportunities for duty-free operations: The Hong Kong Brigade has the qualification to operate duty-free goods, and the Hong Kong-Halbin Free Shop, which operates in Harbin, includes more than 3,000 commodities such as perfume, clocks, accessories, clothing, small commodities, etc., whose duty-free operations are expected to be further integrated and coordinated with the National Brigade.
Resources for travel agency operations are synergized: the Hong Kong and Hong Kong cities are branded as our old travel agencies, with a high degree of homogeneity and a basis for further integration and branding; on the other hand, it is expected that the Hong Kong and Hong Kong tours will further upgrade their tourism operations with a wealth of resources, including viewing areas, hotels, tickets, etc.
In January 17, the company issued an announcement stating that it had signed a Financial Services Agreement with the Hong Kong Central Bank Finance Corporation.
The transfer of internal resources can be effective in improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the operations of the company, optimizing the financial management of the company, reducing the cost of financing the company, and the acquisition of the capital airport/Shanghai airport tax-free shop in China and Shanghai.
In 2017, the Group was ranked eighth in the world ' s tourism retailers and promoted to four. (Statistics does not include the 18-year merger in Shanghai, which, if combined, has reached 6th place in the world.) (1) On June 30, 2017, the Company issued an announcement that the fully-owned subsidiaries of the company would receive the sum of RMB 38.82 million from Shanghai, Japan and Japan.
The group held 51% of China’s shareholdings in Japan, which began in April. Japan’s permanent retail and wholesale operations in the tax-exempt and bonded areas of the capital airport under the flag of Japan have increased significantly in the consolidation of the tax-exempt operations of the post-national brigade, and the joint command of the capital’s airport t2 and t3 highlighted its leading position. (2) On February 26, 2018, it was exempted from receiving 1,505 million yuan.
On 21 July, the company announced that Shanghai would once again win the tax-free shops at Pudong and Rainbow Bridge Airports in Shanghai, and that the business map continued to expand.
1.2. The three main lines of business are synergetic, with the ability of tax-exempt operations to make a profit contribution. The main operations of the National Brigades include travel agencies, tax-exempt and tourism development, as high-value brands for tourism, and a wide range of tax-exempt operations, including, inter alia, the wholesale and retail distribution of duty-free goods such as tobacco and alcohol, perfume, etc., which are operated by subordinate and exempt companies.
By the end of 17 years, it had established more than 200 duty-free retail outlets covering airports, aircraft, borders, external ship supplies, passenger stations, railway stations, diplomats, cruise ships and nine major types of retail outlets in the city, with the sole duty-free logistics distribution system in the country.
Tax-exempt business is the company’s core business. The income ratio has gradually increased to 70.9% in the first half of 18 years; it has also been notably profitable, with the Māori rate rising to 52.49% in the first half of 18 years, contributing 90.3% of Māori.
On March 7, 17, 17, the Board of Directors of the National Brigades completed its term of office, which is expected to strengthen the tax-exempt operations of the National Brigade.
There is a wealth of managerial experience and positive momentum for tax-exempt operations, and the company's objective has been raised from “Save Five Threes” to “Save Ones.” In addition, Lee Gung, who is also Deputy Director General of the Central Brigade, is able to form a core of executives within the group, both vertically and in a manner that enhances resource flows and cooperative efficiency with the group.
At the operational management level, there is no movement toward specialization, globalization, and synergy. The CEO, Leecharncheng, who was appointed at the end of the 16th year, worked for 26 years in dfs and as Managing Director of dfs in Singapore and dfs in Australia; left dfs and entered the post of Regional Manager in Singapore as Valiramgroup; and then assumed responsibilities.
As Chief Executive Officer of the Singapore and Malaysia regions of Gadal Retailed Tourism, its rich global tax-free business management experience is expected to help raise the size of duty-free operations and expand global markets. Moreover, when mergers and acquisitions are completed in Japan and China and in Shanghai, China and Japan, they are posted, thus enhancing tax-free business synergies.
The management team's achievements in 17 years were also widely recognized, and on 19 December 2017, General Manager Chen Guo was top-ranked by Moody's "The Year 2017 Award for Personalities", and the Moody's report highly valued the remarkable achievements of Chen Guoqiang's leadership, which were further enhanced by widespread attention from insiders and industry media.
In the context of a gradual market-based trend in the tax-exempt industry, the United Kingdom is also expected to accelerate reforms in management incentives. The Interim Measures for the Management of Border Entry and Tax-Free Shops, introduced in February 2016, refer to the granting of tax exemptions with the approval of the State Council.
Qualifications, and the entry and exit of companies with continuous operations at ports of entry and exit duty-free shops in the city for nearly three years.
The policy encourages the return of consumption, the tax-free sector is expected to integrate 2.1. The policy guides the return of consumption, the lipstick effect is good for tax-free channels, and the volume of consumption of both foreign and luxury goods cannot be underestimated.
In 2017, China had more than 130 million trips abroad (+7.0 per cent), triggered a surge in overseas consumption. In 2017, tourism consumption abroad amounted to $115.3 billion (+5.0 per cent) at a per capita cost of nearly $900. Although the number of trips abroad accounted for only 2.5 per cent of the total number of trips, it accounted for 14.6 per cent of total tourism consumption in the country, indicating a higher decline.
China ' s contribution to the world luxury market has also been rising year by year. According to Deloitte and Touche, 69 per cent of China ' s annual global luxury market has reached RMB 1679 billion, and the contribution of Chinese consumers to the world luxury market has risen from 12 per cent in 2008 to 32 per cent in 2016, corresponding to approximately RMB 53,780 million in mid-2025.
Figure 10: Expatriate tourists and share of total tourism population, Figure 11: Expatriate tourism consumption and share of total tourism consumption
Figure 13: Size and share of China’s consumption of personal luxury goods, which is represented by the outflow of luxury goods from high-end consumption, is a major problem at this stage, with consumption out of excess of 400 billion. China’s annual consumer consumption of luxury goods was 32 per cent, ranked first in the world, but consumption of luxury goods abroad remained the same.
As much as 73 per cent of the luxury consumption of about RMB 470 billion will flow to other countries in Europe and the United States. 2.2. Tax exemption policy contributes to the return of consumption, and tariff reduction has no significant impact on tax exemption.
11 years of duty-free travel from Hainan Island and expansion of passenger coverage, increase in the range of duty-free goods, high tax-free limits: 14 years of liberalization of border exit duty-free shops, 15 and 16 years of establishment and rehabilitation of border entry duty-free shops, 18 years of explicit support by the Shanghai City Department of Commerce for the development of intra-city duty-free shops and border-free shops, guided by the upgrading of tourism consumption policies
Tax-free shops have become an important conduit for consumer returns, and the industry has benefited significantly. Domestic brand doors have been sold poorly due to discriminatory pricing and high taxes, and McKinsey reports show that from 2008 to 2016, China has become luxurious.
The number of supermarkets has increased 3.3 times, but the sales have increased 2.3 times. Tax-free shops have a combination of price advantages, ease of purchase, and preservation of real quality. According to the Auslán and McKinsey consumer survey, tax-free consumption accounts for 37% of China’s tourist consumption and is the preferred location for the rich Chinese group of customers, but the domestic airport.
China’s current market size for duty-free goods is about $5 billion, and is gradually becoming an important increase in global markets. According to the data from genderresearch, global tax-free and tourism retail sales totalled $68.6 billion in 2017.
The increase of 8.0 per cent over the same period has largely benefited from strong growth in the Asia-Pacific region, where sales in 17 years amounted to $30.6 billion, an 11.6 per cent increase over the same year, with a global share of 45 per cent. China’s tax-free sales were about $5 billion, accounting for about 7 per cent of global sales, and 16 per cent of Asia-Pacific sales, with space for growth.
Tax-free goods are predominantly perfumed, alcohol-based, and consumption taxes are higher, with less impact on tariff reduction. According to the data from the generativeresearch, perfume and cosmetics accounted for 36% of the total duty-free and tourism retail sales in 2017, and they represent the largest category of duty-free tourism retailing.
In the category, the penetration rate was 65 per cent and 59 per cent, respectively, and since 1 December 17, the State Department has reduced import duties on 187 commodities, from an average rate of 17.3 per cent to 7.7 per cent, infant supplies to zero, and perfume, cosmetics and alcohol commodities by 5 percentage points.
Inner. The average tariff rate for 1,449 commodities was reduced from 15.7 per cent to 6.9 per cent as of 1 July 18th, and the combined rate is still around 40 per cent owing to the imposition of consumer and value-added taxes. Tax-free commodity prices are 30-40 per cent lower on average than those of the current flagship on the perfumed product line.
The slowdown in economic growth and the slowdown in social growth has raised market concerns about duty-free consumption, and we believe that duty-free sales have not been affected much, considering both supply and demand and historical circumstances. 1) At the demand level, the aromatic category, although an optional consumer product, has grown more recently than the overall demand for retail sales.
More robust and rigid: and the “salary effect” drives consumers to choose channels with more price advantages. 2) At the supply end, the price advantage of tax-free channels has been maintained significantly, consistent with consumer shopping preferences at a slower pace of economic growth; and tax-exemption has been in a state of incomplete supply openness, and supply should not be subject to economic fluctuations.)
The growth in revenue from sales in Sea Bay is not consistent with the growth in total social retail sales. 2.3. Tax-exempt licences are scarce, industry leaders are well established, and the expected additions to the industry are consolidated. The current pattern of duty-free shops can be divided into five main types of nine channels, including intra-municipal duty-free shops (repatriate cities).
Intra- and intra-city duty-free shops, intra-city exit duty-free shops, port duty-free shops (exit duty-free shops, inbound duty-free shops), transport duty-free shops (exit duty-free, ship-for-season and other international means of transport duty-free), off-island duty-free shops and online duty-free shops, which are currently dominated by border duty-free shops and off-island duty-free shops, are not open in the country.
Tax exemption is a State franchise, and competitive bidding, establishment and operation of duty-free shops are strictly regulated, free of significant policy bias. Foreign Treasury Minister No. 1 [2000] gives policy-specific advantages to exemption from the operation of exit duty-free shops, which are currently being established only at other major airports in the country, except in the north.
According to State Department letter No. 221 [2015], the 30-year experience of operating tax-exempt operations has also allowed them to take a proactive role in bidding for duty-free entry stores. Tax-exempt operations have the natural characteristics of rare license plates.
The policy of uniform establishment of retail prices, uniform regulation of regulations” operates in the form of an authorized licence plate and the designation of an exclusive company. The exemption is from taking a leading role on the licence plate, except for the only State-owned monopoly company authorized by the State Council to carry out duty-free operations throughout the country.
In the afternoon of July 17th, 18th, the State Council's National Resources Committee proposed that the second half of the year should promote the further concentration of state-owned capital in priority sectors, key areas and niches in line with the national strategy, with firms with dominant interests taking the lead, and accelerate the process of professionalization of tax-free operations, among other things.
As an absolute leader in the tax-free sector, priority benefits are expected. Integration is less difficult.
Without excluding the possibility of integrating local state companies, Hainan is exempt from tax and tax-free operations at Meran Airport (17 years, close to 1.5 billion people) and China is exempt from duty-free operations off the island.
All new supply contracts and payments will be signed free of charge at the Melanes Airport. The acceleration of the Seagate/Jonghai Free Shop will not preclude further integration at the equity level.
By the end of 17 years, China Free Corporation had set up more than 200 duty-free retail outlets covering airports, aircraft, borders, external ship supplies, passenger stations, railway stations, diplomats, cruise ships and nine major types of retail outlets in the city, which have grown into the world's largest duty-free operator of the world's most complete and single-country retail outlets.
3.1. Tria Sea Bay: tax-exempt shop poles, with a two-litre potential, are the largest single-body duty-free shop in the world. The Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shopping centre was opened on 1 September 2014 and is the largest single-body duty-free shop in the world, with a total construction area of approximately 120,000 square metres and a commercial area of 72,000 square metres.
At the seaside of the north-east coast of Asia, 28 km from Sanya, a multi-road bus and a free shopping bus have now been opened to the Sanya city, and the Bay Station on the High East Iron Line of Hainan Ribbon is nearing completion. The confluence of luxury hotels, special features, and regional synergies are highlighted.
China ' s first Atlantis Resort, which opened in May; the China People ' s Liberation Army General Hospital in the region; the Hainan Branch; the Wanda Cultural Centre in Haijong Bay; the Diving Zone in Jijia Island; and a number of friendly towns, such as the Yonghai, Lungjiang, Qingda and Lin Wang, have high-flow overlaps and create a flow synergy.
In 17 years, thanks to Japan's April China list, tax-exempt stores in Sanya Bay decreased to 22 per cent of the group's income, benefiting from greater profitability, and net profit contributions rose to 37 per cent; 4.14 billion yuan (+28 per cent) was collected in the first half of 18 years, resulting in net profits of 788 million (+69 per cent)
The Sanya Sea Bay Tax Center, a Sanya Landmark destination, benefited from a sustained increase in the number of Sanya overnight visitors (about 10% per year for 15-17 years) and 30% of the number of customers received in 17 years, a 24% increase compared to 5.51 million in 17 years.
The price of one unit is limited to tax-free limits, and the bottleneck breaks the elasticity period. 16 years benefit from an increase in the total tax-exempt limit ($8,000 to $16,000), 16 to 4851 per cent per unit, and 17 years from discounted promotional activities affect the price of the other.
The current tax-free unit price is still limited by $8,000, so that the main commodity class is predominantly perfumed, and the bottlenecks are clear. Once the tax-free quota is liberalized, it is expected that the sale of high-value items, such as clothing, bags, watches, etc., will be facilitated, and that the low cost of the guest bill will be profitable.
The profitability of duty-free shops in the city was highlighted, with a net interest rate of 19 per cent in the first half of the year, compared to the rate in Shanghai (Ion began operating the rate of new withholdings and included only the capital t3) and a rate of new deductions in the terminal.
Under the neutral scenario, the traffic is expected to increase by 11% in 18 years, at 31% of the shops and 24% of the shopping conversion rate, and 1.51 million people in 18 years, plus 4876 dollars per capita in 18 years, with a 5% increase in per capita consumption.
The tax-exempt centre in Sanya Bay received $7,373 million, benefiting from the integration and scale effects of procurement channels, and the net interest rate is expected to rise to 20% in 18 years, with a net profit of $1,475 million. Under conservative and optimistic assumptions, the tax-exempt centre in Sanya Bay has a net profit of $1,379 million and 1,573 million, respectively.
A sensitivity analysis of the passenger and unit prices of the tax-exempt centres, with 4 per cent fluctuations in the passenger and passenger prices based on neutral assumptions, 3.2. The strategic significance of the north-to-north airport revenue packs and a two-fold increase in the volume performance of the 10,000 won to the sum of 51 per cent of the Japanese shareholdings in Shanghai, Shanghai and Shanghai, respectively, and the winning bid for the capital of Beijing.
The international air terminal t2 and t3 have a duty-free operating space for eight years (11 February 2018 to 10 February 2026), with a deduction rate of 47.5 per cent and 43.5 per cent, respectively. The commercial value of the banner is significant and the strategy is significant.
Ten thousand times (+4.8%), the speed of growth is robust and the potential is clear. The winning target is the T2 terminal (416.56 m2 of entry and 3,186.09 m2) and the China-higher target is the T3 terminal (1,938.72 m2 of entry and t3 of exit).
The first year saw a modest increase in performance, with an increase in long-term market share and an increase in purchasing capacity. Although the winning bid was higher than in the past (the deduction rates for t2 and t3 were 47.5 per cent and 43.5 per cent, respectively), it was exempted from obtaining tax-free operating rights for the T2 and t3 terminals on stock holding days, further expanding market share and increasing procurement bargaining power.
In 17 years, $4.311 billion was contributed to the mother’s net profit of $205 million. After 18 years of using the rate of new deductions, the airport’s tax-free shop in the capital city collected approximately $6.332 billion, contributing $147 million.
The sum of US$ 1,505 million in cash was paid to acquire 51% of the shares held in Shanghai, Japan, in the sum of investment and Shanghai-language fast, which was listed in March 18. Shanghai, which had long run tax-free shops at Shanghai Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport, was again successful on 21 July, concluding the contract for a tax-free shop at Pudong Airport on 7 September.
Actively operating two core airport duty-free shops, with tax-free operations next to the city. In 2017, the number of passengers at Rainbow Bridge Airport amounted to 4,188 million, an important part of Shanghai's “Great Rainbow Bridge Business Area” with greater commercial potential; in 2017, Poo East Airport reached 70 million passengers, and in 2017, the country's second and ninth largest, with incoming and outgoing passengers.
After winning, tax-free areas are planned to expand, optimize products, prices, and services. The number of square metres at Rainbow Bridge airport has increased to 16,915 square metres, of which the satellite hall is expected to be operational in the second half of the 19th century.
Shanghai International Airport, nearly 20 years old, experienced, plans: 1) on products, integration of neutral and competitive tourism retail advantages, improvement of the commodity structure and a rich branding mix, and introduction of more internationally-popular front-line brands; 2) on prices, followed by maintenance of overvalued price advantages, provision of more attractive commodity prices: 3) on services, excellence and elimination
For the same period (1 January 19 to 31 December 25), the Pudong airport (t1 in 2016) had a rate of 42.5 per cent, which was better than that of the capital airport and more profitable.
After a six-year renewal, Pudongt1's new contract was for the period from 1 January 22 to 31 December 25 (with a 42.5 per cent rate of withholding), and it was reasonable to raise the sales at the base, with little difficulty in achieving the target. The sum of the respective sales at Pudong/Ionbridge during the contract period, with no increase in the compound rate of fruit, meant that the actual rate of deduction was higher, but we do not believe that it would be very problematic to accomplish the target.
According to the contract for the Pudong Airport section, the monthly collection fee is based on a pattern of higher actual monthly sales and lower monthly sales: 1) when actual sales are raised to the bottom of the month: when actual sales are raised to the bottom of the month: monthly collections = actual sales: 2) when actual sales are raised to the bottom of the month:
Monthly collections = monthly base sales raised: 3) month actual sales raised = quiz (number of actual sales per month x corresponding sub-species)
For the first three years of the first three years of the first three years of the first three-year period, the combined sales were estimated at approximately 99.2 billion, with a 13.5 per cent compound increase.
In March 2017, the nine-fold sales waiver (converted total annual sales of $707 million) and the 42-per-cent roll-out ratio (t2 before the launch: 3.244 million + 39 per cent of the monthly base sales) of the sales mark (79.92 million yuan) were forced to take down the entry exemption clause for the t1+t2 terminal at White Cloud Airport for a nine-year contract period.
In October 2017, a non-bidding licence was granted to the White Cloud airport t2 exit tax-free shop with an annual increase of $32.92 million from August of the year, with a contractual period of eight years. According to the announcement, the total cost of the transfer over the duration of the agreement was approximately $1,265 million, corresponding to a total of approximately $3.614 billion in duty-free sales.
1. The company is exempt from paying a monthly royalties transfer fee. The monthly operating rights transfer fee is higher than the monthly guaranteed rights transfer fee (as a proportion of the monthly minimum sales*) and the actual monthly sales (as a proportion of the total actual sales*); 2. The annual incremental amount is higher than the following:
(a) Average monthly sales last year - 20% of last year’s monthly base sales* - the third largest airport on the mainland, with significant contributions from tax-free performance. 658,800 passengers at Bai Yun Airport in Guangzhou in 2017 were operational at the end of the month, and 70 million passengers are expected to pass in 18 years.
Tax revenue will reach $1,217 million, contributing about $900 million in profits. 3.4. Joint winning Hong Kong Airport Tax Free Shop, Internationalized Plus Month. Cdfg-ls, a subsidiary controlled by China Free Company, has access to tobacco and alcohol at Hong Kong International Airport.
From November 18 to November 2024, 2017, the business period was combined with the tax-exempt giant Lagdell as a channel advantage. According to Moody ' s 2017 report, the Lagdell Group sold 3,917 million euros in global sales; it was exempted from the supply of tobacco and alcohol, compared to dfs.
The combined effort is expected to make use of their respective advantages, increase profitability and compensate for about 46 per cent of the impact of the high rate of withholding.
According to aci, in 2017, Hong Kong airport international traffic was ranked third in the world in terms of passenger throughput, with 72,870,000 passengers through traffic, Hong Kong airport serving as an international traffic hub, with a high percentage of international passengers, and Hong Kong International Airport was established for the first time to operate a large international airport outside the mainland.
The company’s sales of cigarettes and alcohol at Hong Kong Airport in the year from 18 November 2017 to the beginning of May 2018 were around 2 billion yuan, and it is expected to make a profit.
3.5. Macao Airport tax-free shop + municipal tax-free shop, global competition, in conjunction with the add-ons Cooperation model Re-initiated, with exemption from cooperation with the Crown for a period of five years (takeover on 1 June 2018), by a joint venture formed by the China-Free Group and the Crown-owned Macao (kpm) subsidiary of the Royal Governmental Group (Hong Kong)
Since 1995, when the international airport of Macao was inaugurated, the Royal Macao airport has been the only tax-free operator for the airport, and has been involved in the dual operator model, with 23 years of experience in operating a tax-free airport in Macao, and with the international influence of the Royal Union (Hong Kong), it is hoped that it will lead to this merger.
The company's tax-exempt income is estimated to have increased by about $800 million. Macao airport links the Pearl Triangle to international destinations, the transit mainland, and Taiwan.
The size of the camp is approximately 1.6 billion yuan. At present, the tax-free area of the Macao International Airport is operated on the north side (locks 1 to 4) by skyshilla macau, and on the south side (locks 5 to 8) by the middle and middle (Macao) by 50 per cent each, with a tax-free operation (Macao) receiving about 800 million yuan a year.
The board decided to set up a fully-owned subsidiary to invest in Macao to operate a municipal tax-free shop in Macao, with a capital of HK$ 100 million.
With the Dfs in mind, Mäori is expected to increase when the size of the market is expanded and the procurement channels consolidated, and is more competitive than the Dfs channel in the country. The Macao region is working together, the international distribution is starting, and the city’s tax-free stores are more experienced.
The tax-free market model in Macao is highly replicable, the experience of tax-free shops in Cambodia, and internationalization is gradually gaining ground. In addition, the tax-free market in Haiguchi and the new city of Chonghai is about to land, and it is expected that tax-free policies in Shanghai will be liberalized.
A number of potential benefits are expected to be realized and the scale effect boosts profitability. 4.1. The 30th anniversary of the construction of Hainan Province, which provides a tax-free policy dividend off the island, is expected to be achieved.
In 2011, the Ministry of Finance issued an announcement on the piloting of a foreign passenger shopping exit tax policy in Hainan, making Hainan a region after Okinawa, Jeju, Korea, and Mazu, Kinmen, where the off-island tax-exempt policy was implemented, and continued to liberalize the off-island tax-exempt policy in the following years, reaching out to the population.
Tourists, non-island residents, removed the shopping restrictions and the tax-free shopping limit was raised to $16,000 per person per year. In 30 years, the island of international tourism in 10 years and the new phase in Hainan. The year 2018 marked the thirtieth anniversary of Hainan Jian Province, and the tenth anniversary of the proposed construction of the island of international tourism.
The guidance clearly states that “a more open and accessible policy of duty-free off-island shopping, with full passenger coverage and a higher quota for duty-free shopping” and that a number of policies have also been put in place in the areas of body colour, transportation packages, visas, etc. Hainan 1) tax-free limits are expected to be raised, leading to a significant increase in unit prices.
The current one-size-fits-all limit is $8,000, with a cumulative amount of $16,000 per person per year. Assuming that the exemption from the island is raised to 30,000 per year, it will be possible to effectively break the exemption limit on the purchase of high-value items.
The main way in which passengers enter and leave the island is to be seen, air passengers (Melan Airport + Phoenix Airport) account for about three quarters of the total number of passengers in the sea port (train + car).
The number of passengers entering and leaving the island is approximately 1/4 to 14.99 million, of which 3,037,000 are in and out of the port, accounting for an average of 2 to 3 passengers per vehicle, and about 1/8 of the total number of tourists travelling in and out of Hainan Island.
The rate is expected to rise further, opening up off-island duty-free performance space. 3) The construction of Hainan has progressed steadily, and luxury hotels have been opened for tax-free passenger flows. Hainan has made steady progress in the construction of viewing areas, transport expansion, and ancillary facilities.
Tria Atlantis is officially opened, with 1,314 all-sea viewing and bottom suites, Water World, Adventure Gardens, Aquariums, Dolphin Bay Theatre, and Marine Mammal Hospital and Sea Lion Gardens specialized in facilities, which are expected to attract 2 million passengers to Sanya in 18 years; and the Atlantis Hotel and Bay Bay are exempt from taxes.
The shopping malls, which are only two kilometres apart, will provide positive synergies with each other's flows.
The process of internationalization has accelerated and is expected to expand further in the future.
The construction of the scenery has been very successful, with 6 of the 5a and 54 of the a-scale landscape in Hainan Province, 67 million visitors in 17 years and a doubling of the number of visitors in five years.
In 17 years, the Sanya Bay Rice National Park and the National Museum of the South China Sea became operational, and the Grammy Museum signed a contract for 17 years and opened in three years.
Atlantis was officially opened in May, and is expected to attract 2 million passengers a year, far from the sea.
The Gulf Free Shopping Center is only two kilometres away, and the passenger flow is significant. 3x17 expansion of the San Phoenix Airport, 2x1 expansion of the Haiguchi Meeran Airport, and the traffic expansion is orderly.
In July 18, at the second plenary meeting of the seven governments of Hainan Province, the Hainan Province launched the Hainan Plan for the construction of free trade pilot zones (ports) and innovation drive as soon as possible.
Programmes are being implemented in priority areas such as development, international tourism consumption centres, and innovation in the human resource system to promote tax-exempt shops in the Haiguchi metropolitan area, and the start-up of tax-free shops in Jonglei. At present, only two countries are exempt from tax-exempt license plates in China and China, which are fully exempt from operating the island, and in mid-February 17 from the establishment of a joint venture in the Hainan Sea (51% free of ownership and 51% free of ownership).
(49%) New shops are more likely to be operated by China Free, or their joint venture, and the size of duty-free operations off the island is expected to expand further.
In this case, the tax-free market has substantially increased the tax-free limit for travellers (the shopping limit of $5,000 for Chinese clothing-free shops and the tax-free limit of 8,000 yuan for travellers arriving abroad).
Tax-free shops in the city of departure are still to be opened, effectively intercepting consumption abroad. Tax-free shops in the city of departure are for departing passengers, and the country is currently targeting only persons leaving the country, while countries like Japan and Korea require that both their nationals and foreigners can buy (with goods to be collected at the airport) which is equivalent to “airfield-free shops” in the city, and can do so if the policy is liberalized.
Experience is good, profit is good, and the city’s tax-free shops are promising. More flexible shopping times and methods than traditional airport duty-free shops, municipal duty-free shops, help to further stimulate the demand for non-released passenger shopping;
From the perspective of the campers, the rent of duty-free shops in the city is far lower than the rate of rent-free shops at airports and more profitable. At present, the share of duty-free sales from other sources, including duty-free shops in the city, is about 37%, while in Korea, where the tax-free industry is more developed, the share of duty-free shops in the city is almost 55%, and in China, tax-free shops in the city are not yet fully liberalized and space is open for development.
Figure 48: The world’s tax-exempt sales channels have recovered from China’s tourist arrivals in Korea, and the demand for outflows has become more pressing in South Korea. As the Sad incident (February 17) slowed down, China’s tourist arrivals in South Korea began to rise, and China’s arrivals in South Korea have increased for four months.
More than 40 per cent of the total sales of Korea's tax-free shops in the first half of 18 years amounted to approximately RMB 55.1 billion, an increase of 38 per cent in the same year, and the overall sales of the 5-phase Xinjiang duty-free shops increased by 45 per cent, with Chinese tourists accounting for up to 70 per cent; China's consumer consumption of the New World's tax-free shops increased by 95 per cent in the same year; consumption outflows were highlighted; and there was significant room for return.
On April 28, Shanghai launched a three-year action plan to accelerate the construction of a city for international consumption, to support the modest development of municipal duty-free shops, offshore shops, etc.: on May 8 the director of the city's business committee announced that he would be actively seeking tax-free policies in Shanghai.
As soon as the duty-free market policy in the city is liberalized, the tax-free leader will be the first to benefit. The process of internationalization has continued to accelerate, the business map has expanded overseas, and the process of internationalization has accelerated.
In July 1818, the company announced its right to successfully acquire tax-free operations from the Italian Rigspoda liner, and signed a memorandum of cooperation with its mother-in-law.
For the first time on an internationally recognized cruiser, the China-China exempt group has been able to operate tax-exempt products on its own and internationalization has taken place. Internationalization is a necessary route for tax-exempt giants to interact favourably with travel agency operations.
The process of expansion of South Korea-Indonesia-United States-Japan-Viet Nam and dufry (Switzerland-Europe-Caribbean-North America-South America-Asia), opening up space through global layout, is a necessary way for tax-exempt traders to move to the top of the globe. The internationalization of national travel could better interact with its strong outbound operations, through travel agencies, to tax-exempt shops abroad.
The flow leads to a strong passenger flow base from the beginning of the layout, with a natural advantage in external expansion. 4.4. Business size increases rapidly, scale increases profitability, M & As integrates and self-enhancement expands both ways with a scale effect.
Duty-free goods purchased from related parties in Shanghai during the scheduled transition period will be purchased on a zero-price basis, and duty-free goods from Shanghai on the day after the transition period will be procured by the same companies. In May 18, the procurement functionality reorganization was completed and, as of 1 June, all procurement operations in the class of goods will be under the unified responsibility of the newly restructured team.
The increase in the tax-exempt volume has been reflected in the increase in the Māori rate. The 17-year tax-free operation combined Māori rate is about 45.7% (with an increase of 6.8 pct to 52.5% after the initial integration of the examination year, a significant increase in performance.
The year reached 59.4% for the international tax-exempt leader, with room for boosting the Māori rate through economies of scale. The recent significant depreciation of the RMB against the United States dollar, which as at 11 September stood at 6.8488, or 5.25% at the beginning of the year, raised market concerns about the cost of purchasing out of the exchange rate impact.
On the other hand, exchange rates have a cost impact on all channels, avoiding the continuing strong end-price advantages of general retail outlets and the ability to hedge exchange rate fluctuations by regulating prices.
Tourism services: strong branding influence, sustained tax-free operations Resurveillance of travel abroad and steady development of tourism services. Corporate tourism services include, inter alia, outbound tourism, inbound tourism, internal tourism, ticketing agents, offshore visas, stabilization of tourism services as they recover, and brigade operations.
In the first half of 18 years, tourism services generated $5,434 million, an increase of 0.48 per cent;
In total, there are more than 1,700 urban sites in the country, with long-term stable partnerships with more than 1,400 travellers around the world and strong physical network resource advantages.
3) Use of large passenger traffic to create a much-needed channel for duty-free operations (TWA Bay tax-free centres, offshore duty-free shops, etc.) and continue to provide tax-free operations.
At the top of the list, 17 years of tourist operations have been well developed, with revenues of $668 million (+84 per cent). Benefiting from the return of visitors, the offshore visa business has been well developed, with an offshore visa business of $985 million (+14.00 per cent) over 17 years, successfully securing the right to continue operating in seven visa centres in Australia, Denmark and Spain, completing with Canada and Turkey.
In the first half of 18 years, the Finnish visa company and the Romanian visa company completed their preparations for and official opening of the market with a steady increase in the rate of interest on the number of visa centres and the volume of visa operations, and are expected to benefit from an increase in the quota in 19 years.
The capital airport is affected by the 18-year rate of introduction of the new deductions, a decline in the net return, a steady increase in revenue, a value lower than the 31-fold historical valuation, a build-up of performance space and elasticity brought about by a strong and sustained policy decline, and integration.
There is still room for upswing in market value, and keeping “buy-in” policies short of expectations. On the 30th anniversary of Hainan, tax-exempt policies have continued to add up, and have changed the monopoly over tax-exempt licences if the associated benefits, such as tax-exemption and indoor tax-exempt policies have fallen short of expectations.
The risk of consumption demand is significantly affected by the slowdown in macroeconomic growth. Lower macroeconomic growth may affect the demand of residents to travel, affecting the number of duty-free shopping people; and the weakness of the economy may also have a negative impact on the demand for shopping.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board