23 August 2023 Two-subscription high, wpsai continuing to move the office forward in KIMshan (688111.sh)
The company publishes its semi-annual report for 2023.
Profit of 599 million yuan, an increase of 15.23 per cent over the same period; net profit of 576 million yuan from non-repatriation, end of c: number of active users at the end of pc, rising both rates and unit prices.
Of these, wpsofficepc has a monthly active equipment of 2.10% less than the same year. The growth in income from individual subscriptions is mainly due to the enhancement of the cloud and collaboration functions and user experience of the company’s products and the continuous shift in membership attributes to a long cycle.
The company ' s cumulative annual fee-paying individual users reached 3.324 million, an increase of 16.36% over the same year, with a slight increase in the rate of payment (number of user-payers/active users). The unit price is annualized (income/cost-paying households) at around $75, up from $68 at the end of 2022.
At the end of the period, the number of documents uploaded to the clouds by individuals and users of SMEs through the public cloud service increased from 17.5 billion at the end of 2018 to about 190 billion.b End: Cloud and Digital Office operations are progressing well, contributing to higher income from subscriptions.
Internal agency subscriptions and service operations generated $418 million, an increase of 40.38 per cent over the same period; domestic institutions platform-related orders continued to grow, with more than 1,700 new government clients (other than saas) in digital office products, leading to an increase in domestic institutional subscriptions.
The number of payers increased by 54 per cent over the year, the rate of renewal of the payer was over 70 per cent and the rate of renewal was over 100 per cent, leading to a 100 per cent increase in revenues related to the public cloud sector.
The company actively embraces the new technology of aigc, publishes wpsai in collaboration with Minimax, and opens up an experiential officer to improve the experience and functionality of office users. During the reporting period, the company released wpsai anchoring aigc (content creation), copilot (smart assistant),
Insight (knowledge insight) has developed three strategic directions, achieving that the llm model has taken the lead in the field of public software in the country. Wpsai is now connected to product lines such as wps text, presentations, tables, pdf, gold mountain files, etc. We believe that as regulatory policy continues to move forward,
The maturity of products and technologies is constantly increasing, and companies, as leading producers with the capacity to document in the field of office, are competitively superior, paying rates and arpu values will increase further. Creating a high profile, looking for long-term development, and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The risks of technology development are not as high as expected; downstream demand is not as high as expected; corporate saas is less advanced than expected; letter creation is less advanced than expected.
The University of Sydney joined the Chinese Galaxy securities in 2019, mainly in computer/technics investment research. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.