The company's logo has recently announced the efficiency of the reasoning of image document recognition and understanding in collaboration with the Nvidia team.
The company wpsai achieves the ability to input theme buttons to generate ppt, fast-defining priorities, etc. By reference to the Microsoft copilot business path, the company is expected to achieve anapu value and fee rates under ai empowerment, working with Yvesta, with significant efficiency gains.
The Division worked with Invidiatensorcorregpu and Tensorrt to improve the efficiency of reasoning for the identification and understanding of image files; at the same time, the use of gpu was increased through the department of the nvidiatriton reasoning server, which provided a high level of reasoning for vomiting.
On May 16, Wpsai officially showed Microsoft copilot's capabilities, and Wpsai accessed text, overseas version of the table.
Cells, ppt presentations, pdf four main day-to-day office components that enable input theme buttons to generate ppt, quickly refine focus based on document content and allow users access to key information in question-and-answer formats. From an overseas mapping perspective, Microsoft version of office 365 prices compares to the classic version
More than 40% has been raised, and we believe that wps are expected to achieve the arpu value and pay the data elements under their power. More than 170 billion documents are stored on the company’s cloud, and the total market value is currently relevant (millions of yuan).
The application scene consists mainly of data storage and data sharing, and companies are expected to translate these data into a three-month average daily turnover (million yuan) of knowledge and reuse of unstructured data from businesses and individuals.
For example, wps have achieved such functions as quick access to country, government, and company-related policy documents to inform decision-making in the industry.The efficiency gains are significant, and one is expected to lead to an improvement in performance by reference to the Microsoft copilot business path.
Gold Mountain Office 20221027 S.S.I.S.I.C. User willingness to pay is not as high as expected: technology development is not as high as expected.
Computer: software development