Corporate subscriptions have continued to increase, end-of-end subscription rates for wpsai commercialization have continued to increase, and membership systems have been upgraded.
Against a backdrop of persistent low sales, companies are continuously optimizing their products and upgrading their user experiences, and individual subscriptions are increasing faster. 2023h1, the Division membership system is being upgraded to combine former wps members, riceshell members, super-members, and members.
Total market value/flow (millions) wps super-members.wps super-members share base meal packages ($148/year) and pro-sets 12 months maximum/minimum (millions).
The upgrade of the membership system has raised the minimum fee threshold for the suite and is expected to bring a significant increase in the value of the user ' s arpu.
The institutional subscription transition is progressing well, and cloud revenues are rising significantly. 2023h1, the company’s domestic machinery brightened, ai empowered to open up a growth space. 418 million yuan (yoy+40.38%) in subscriptions and service operations, first half of the year.
There has been a steady increase in fair table-related orders, with the addition of new government clients (excluding saas) to digital office products. The number of subscriptions (688111) continues to be more than 1,700, leading to high growth in domestic institutional subscriptions and service operations.
:: Digital home-based wps365 from High Growth, Innovation and Idea Drive Long-term Development, continuously directing clients to cloud and collaborative applications, G-2023/03/23
The number of saas-paying enterprises in cloudy areas increased by 54 per cent over the same year, the rate of renewal of payers by over 70 per cent, and the rate of renewal of subscriptions by offices in Phnom Penh (688111) by over 100 per cent, resulting in an increase of 100 per cent in public cloud-related income over the same period.
Releases wpsai, anchoring Microsoft 365 copilot, opening the price increase. In the first six months of the company, smart office assistants based on large language models were released wpsai, anchoring aigc (content creation), copilot (intellectual assistant), insight (knowledge insight) three strategic directions have been developed.
Access to wps text, demos, tables, pdf, gold mountain files, etc.
It marks an acceleration in the commercialization of large models plus office software, opening up the pay-for-copilot-type software. The company’s wpsai is highly similar to its function, and as the country’s large model performances continue to improve, the company is expected to raise the value of the wpsai by using the wpsai.
Investment proposals: The company ' s two-subscription transition is going well and 2b operations are growing at a high rate. At the same time, institutional subscriptions are increasing, wpsai is commercially viable, aigc technology is being embraced, and wpsai is expected to bring about user willingness and higher prices.
(a) Provide greater scope for corporate performance development. Given the push pace of the message and the increased competition in the market for corporate fees, the two-subscription transition is not as high as expected.
Maintenance of a high rate of subscriptions to the Pacificsecurities, Wpsai commercialization and landing institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report