The rapid growth of subscriptions and the continued advancement of wpsai Events: 2,272 million yuan in operating income for 2023h1, an increase of 21.25 per cent over the same period; and the rapid growth of subscriptions as a major revenue growth engine for companies.
1.67 billion yuan, representing a 35 per cent increase in the same year and a 77 per cent increase in income, an increase of 8 pct in the same year. The split shows that personal subscriptions to public services earn 1,252 million yuan, an increase of 33.24 per cent in the same year; institutional subscriptions and services earn 418 million yuan, an increase of 40.38 per cent in the same year.
The monthly active equipment for the product is 584 million, an increase of 2.46 per cent. Of this, the wpsofficepc edition is 2.10 per cent less than the same year. In the case of payments, the number of individual users of the company ' s accumulated annual payments amounted to 33.24 million, an increase of 16.36 per cent; the rate of 5.69 per cent, an increase of 0.46 pt; and the annualized value of arpu (income/payment).
In the first half of the year, with the heat of chhatgpt, a wave of the ai was triggered, the company chose to embrace the big change and speed up the product upgrading. The company released its smart office assistant wpsai, anchoring aigc, in the first half of the year.
Three strategic directions have been developed: copilot (intellectual assistant), insight (knowledge insight), with products now connected to wps text, presentations, tables, pdf, gold mountain files, etc., followed by new ai products. Aigc is hot, office software can be revolutionized, and the gold mountain office product matrix is expected.
The company follows the trend of aigc technology and issues class Chatgpt, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, as approved by the CVM.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the activities of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants to provide securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, predictions or advice on portfolio investment and direct or indirect charges for services.The data used are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks independence, objectivity and objectivity.