Performance is more robust than expected, and the message/ai catalytic is in the immediate key: #new products, new technologies, new clients, accompanied by the trend of credit creation, cloudization and sustained healthy growth of income.
▪ c-subscription: annual fees continue to raise arpu and membership changes h2 are expected to be effective. 1) Income: 1.25 billion (yoy+33.24 per cent) in the first half of year c-subscription income, of which q2 is earned 2) users: 2023h1 end of year, company pc-endmads reach 253 million (yoy+9 per cent), moving
3) Payment payments: The cumulative number of individual members of the company paying annual fees amounted to 3.324 million (Yoy+16.4 per cent) and the penetration rate of active gross fees amounted to 13.1 per cent at pc; the end of 23h1 arpu was raised to $71.06 (Yoy+17 per cent) and “other non-current liabilities” representing purchases made by members over a one-year long cycle
Given the short-term impact of the company ' s upgrading of the q2 membership system, the shift in real payments at endc is still in line with the trend of health growth, raising the ceilings for memberships sku and arpu; based on price increases for subscriptions such as Aichi, we judge that Wpscendarpu and income are expected to rise in the second half of the year.
Kimsan Office (688111): Kimshan Office b Sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-annual growth, with further acceleration expected in the beneficiary sector in the second half of the year. Kimshan Office (688111): 2022
In the second half of the year, the company’s performance was rated as positive, the trend was accelerated, and the office was expected to benefit from it.
The potential impact is that end-b subscriptions should grow better in the second half of the year than in the first half. The rest of the households; the number of publicly owned saas-paying companies growing by 54% over the year; the rate of renewal of paid enterprises exceeding 70%; and the rate of renewal exceeding 100%, driving the growth of public cloud-related revenues up by 100% over the same period.
We believe that the public cloud business is expected to continue to multiply at a fast rate throughout the year. . . . .
The company is expected to benefit significantly from the advantage of a leading pattern, along with a new wave of innovations, represented by district-level innovations.  Financial indicator: profit rates rebounded significantly, cost ratios dropped, pay effects were fully eliminated.
Further improvement is expected in the second half of the year of profitability and cash flow. This is a significant improvement over +1.59/+0pcts, and the second quarter profit ring ratio (a net interest rate of 4.2pcts is higher than q1). 4) Cash flow: $2.19 billion in cash was received in the first half of the year by companies for the sale of goods and the provision of services, compared with total receipts
Nearing $2.17 billion, the impact of the gold stream has been fully absorbed, mainly in the form of pre-collective items such as contractual liabilities, before the start of the letter, and we judge that further improvements are expected in the second half of the year.
New, anchoring aigc (content creation), copilot (intellectual assistant), insight (knowledge insight) three strategic directions.
At the end of the month, Microsoft copilot 30/month b-pricing exceeded market expectations, Wpsai’s future fee penetration rate raised and the arpu ceiling opened up the imagination.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: with the annual cost of c, membership changes, the rate of ai up payment, and the trend of arpu, b-end letter creation, b-subscription, we look forward to the three major financial forecasts for corporate ai offices in Kimsan.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.