:: Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of the company ' s 2023 mid-year report, with revenue in line with expectations and net profit in excess of expectations
During the first half of the year, KIMshan achieved operating income of 2,172 million yuan, an increase of 21.25 per cent in the same year; net profit of motherhood of 599 million yuan, an increase of 15.32 per cent in the same year; net profit of non-motherhood of 576 million yuan, an increase of 21.37 per cent in the same quarter of the same year; net return of motherhood of q2 generated operating income of 1,121 million yuan, an increase of 21.37 per cent in the same quarter.
Profit of $332 million, an increase of 23.46 per cent in the same year; net profit of $326 million from non-return to the mother, a decrease in institutional authorization of the same year is expected, and cost control is clear 1) for sub-operations: revenue from subscriptions to personal office services in the country is $1,252 million, an increase of the same year
Corporate prices are 33.24 per cent longer than the trend of deep 300; domestic institutions earn $418 million in subscriptions and services, a year-on-year increase of $141 million in advertising and other businesses, an increase of 4.94 per cent.
At the same time, changes in the income structure have led to a further increase in the overall Māori ratio. 2) The number of monthly active equipment for the company ' s main product is 584 million, an increase of 2.46 per cent compared to the previous year, and the ring q1 has fallen by 0.05 million.
Specifically, the monthly active equipment reported as wpsofficepc was 253 million, an increase of 9.05 per cent; the monthly active equipment on wpsoffice was 327 million, a decrease of 3.) Three cost rates, with sales cost increasing by 0.28 pt in the same quarter; and administrative costs.
The decrease of 2.38 pct over the same year; a decrease of 4.33 pc over the same year in R & D costs; and a decrease in financial costs The decline in the benefits of various types of investments has resulted in firms increasing net profits from non-return far faster than net profit from the growth of business orders.
5. Net cash inflows into operations amount to $596 million, roughly equal to the net profits of the parent. Actively exploring the location of the ai ' s applications in the field of office, with the prospect of further opening the space for company growth. During the first half of the year, the company released its smart office assistant wpsai, based on a large language model, and located it.
For large language model applications, the anchoring of aigc (content creation), copilot (intellectual assistant), insight (knowledge insight) three strategic directions are developed, bringing to users the results of the first landing of the ai in the field of internal office software.
Apply, connected to wps text, demos, tables, pdf, gold mountain files, etc., to solve day-to-day office problems of users in terms of content generation, content understanding, command operations.
People subscribe to user fees and are expected to drive further arpu upgrade, and individual subscriptions have led to a contraction in enterprise-end software expenditure.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.