KIMshan Office (688111) report on the annual review for the year 2023.
The net profit from non-repatriation has grown rapidly, with subscriptions increasing continuously a share flow unit (million shares): 39.88 per cent over the same period. Domestic personal office service subscriptions earned $1,252 million in the main business.
In the first half of the year, there was a steady increase in the total number of monthly active equipment collected by subscriptions and services, and a steady increase in the number of publicly owned Yunsaas operations.
With regard to personal office service subscriptions, the number of monthly active equipment for the company ' s main product has increased steadily, with the number of monthly active equipment for the company ' s main product as at 30 June 2023 amounted to 584 million, an increase of 2.46 per cent over the same period, of which the monthly active equipment for the wpsofficepc version amounted to 253 million, an increase over the same period.
9.05 per cent; the number of individual users of the company ' s accumulated annual fees amounted to 3,324,000, an increase of 16.36 per cent over the same period.
The number of fee-paying firms in the area saas grew by 54% from the same year, with the rate of renewal by more than 70% and the rate of renewal by more than 100%, leading to a 100% increase in the corresponding revenue in the area of public clouds.
Increasing research and development investment and publishing the Wpsai report of the Smart Office Assistant: fast growth of subscriptions, increasing the future of inputs. Research and development personnel totalled 2,832, or 66% of the total number of employees.
Smart Office Assistant Wpsai, Research-Kingshan Office, National Dollar Securities Corporation (6881.sh), 2022, and positioned as a large language model application, anchoring aigc (content: 3-quarter report point evaluation: profitability is steady and two-subscription is steady)
Create, copilot, insight (knowledge insight) three strategic directions, bringing to users the results of the first landing in the field of internal office software. Wpsai is a co-location track.
, has access to wps text, demos, tables, pdf, gold mountain files, etc., to solve the user's daily business problems in terms of content generation, content understanding, command operations, etc.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, driven by policy and technological change, growing business risks; industry risks; and macro-environmental risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.