KIMshan Office: Two-subscription transition, new membership system, firm growth, and increased Māori performance. In the first half of 2023, the company made a business start.
This represents an increase of 21.37 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $332 million, an increase of 23.46 per cent in the same year, and an increase of 0.96 percentage points in the non-net period. Net cash flows from operating activities of $596 million, a decrease of 3.46 per cent in the same year, and contractual liabilities of $1,703 million, an increase of 7.45 per cent in the same year, representing an increase in future performance.
High growth in subscriptions and a smooth two-subscription transition. In the first half of 2023, personal office service subscriptions generated $1,252 million, an increase of 33.24 per cent in the same year; domestic institution subscriptions and services generated $418 million, an increase of 40.38 per cent in the same year; and domestic agencies authorized business income.
In the first half of 2023, the company \triangleright released its smart office assistant wpsai, based on a large language model, and positioned it as a large language model.
Applyers, anchoring aigc (content creation), copilot (intelligent assistant), insight (knowledge insight) three strategic directions to bring home to users the results of ai's lead landing in the field of internal office software. Companies invest $717 million in R & D, an increase of 11.42% over the same period, and R & D costs.
On April 17, 2023, the company upgraded its original rice shell membership, wps membership, super-member system to two categories of super-member/super-member pro membership, making it simpler and less user-friendly to different membership types.
Selecting difficulties and introducing equity packages such as the pdf package, the cloud set, the picture package, etc., to accurately cover user groups with different needs. The promotion of the membership system has led to a rapid increase in subscriptions and an increase in the unit price, as of June 2023.
Of these, Wpsofficepc has a monthly active equipment of 253 million, an increase of 9.05 per cent over the same year, and Wpsoffice has a mobile version of monthly active equipment of 327 million, a decrease of 2.10 per cent over the same year. The company has a cumulative annual fee-paying individual user of 33.24 million, an increase of 16.36 per cent over the same year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. Digital office platform orders continued to grow, and publicly owned Yunsaas operations for businesses proceeded well.
During the first half of 2023, orders related to the company ' s digital office platform continued to grow, and digital office products became new.
High-speed growth. The company issued a publicly owned cloud digital office product, wps365, to organizational clients, which includes common office applications such as wpsoffice, gold mountain collaboration, gold mountain conferences, mail, etc.; During the reporting period, the number of publicly owned cloud-based saas-paying businesses increased by 54 per cent over the same period, and the number of paying firms renewed their contracts.
The rate is over 70% and the rate of renewal is over 100%, driving the growth of public cloud-related revenues to boost the credit market steadily. Companies pay close attention to policy changes and customer demand in the area of innovation, ahead of schedule \triangleright
The company’s model of finance, energy, communications, etc., and its process of collaboration and co-location have increased its sustainable income. Catalyzing and the number of individual users of the company, the rate of penetration of payments, and the rising unit price of the product have increased.
Under the circumstances, firm performance is expected to continue to grow rapidly, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of the company. Risk factors: 1. Downstream demand risk: the number of individual subscriptions is bottlenecked and growing less than expected.
Policy risks are further affected. 2. Policy risks: Credential policies are not advancing as expected, party institutions and the company’s informative budget are inadequate, and the number of related orders from companies are affected.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.