One of the reports in the series "Online Offices" is going to boost the conversion rate.
The company ' s operating income grew at a high rate. In 2019, the company achieved operating income of $1.58 billion. The company was the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly in wpsoffice ' s office software products and services.
The platform provides government and individual users with wpsoffice office software as well as targeted value-added clothing for design development and marketing.
Provision of software products, including wpsoffice office software and the Golden Mountain Liquor 73.1 per cent; office software product use authorized business revenue of $50 million, or 31.4 per cent, and growth in the same year, based on office application landscape development
39.4 per cent; Internet advertising services generated revenues of 40 million yuan, or 25.6 per cent, an increase of 6.0 per cent over the same period. Various types of office value-added services provide one-stop, multi-platform access to China ' s basic office software market, which is expected to reach 14.9 billion in 2023.
Public application solutions, coupled with Internet advertising promotion services in the form of products and related literature.
The Internet wave-based office application provides a solid user base, and the Internet-based conceptual belts drive the growing demand for enterprise Internet-based offices. The positive wave and autonomous control policies provide vast development space for domestic office software manufacturers.
End c: Free strategy + high-quality products attracts users, and advertising and subscription services are realized. wps use a "free" strategy to attract users on the individual user side, with personal versions focusing on mobility, light quantification, high value for money, 46,100/6,664
Simpleness of operation. The initial realization of Internet advertising services, the increase in the number of users, the increase in the frequency of consumption and the rate of conversion, and the increase in user stickability contribute to the development of subscription services, relying on a large number of users.
bg End: Rigid and autonomous access to enable business development and value-added services are promising. Companies provide different types of software product use authorizations for organizational-level clients of different sizes, including, inter alia, quantitative and site authorization models.
The epidemic is driving a surge in user demand, making more users aware of cloud office. “Soft upgrades + al+ cloud + internationalization” is helping to move forward in four major development directions.
The direction of development: the direction of the development of wpsoffice office software, the direction of the building of the centre for the development of artificial intelligence in the office, the direction of the Internet cloud service for office products, and the internationalization of office software. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: corporate business income has grown steadily over the last three years, and research and development investments have been strong.
Focusing on product performance improvement, wide market space in the industry, and the expected net return of companies between 2020 and 2022, resulting in the risk of underperformance: the risk of national policy change in the area of autonomous innovation: industrial ecological input Research assistant: Wei Zong
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Kim Shan Office (688111) will focus on products that will meet the “online office” conversion dividend.
1.1 The company's development history: three decades of wind and rain grinding, leading the development of basic national production office software. Kimshan Offices in Beijing, Inc., is a leading national office software and service provider, mainly engaged in design development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services.
On 18 November 2019, the Hong Kong Portfolio Office in Shanghai was developed in four phases:
Company’s first creation (1988-1992): in 1988, Eun-goon, a 24-year-old, was invited to join Jinsan and, over a period of one year, developed the first text-processing system based on the dos system in Chinese, wps 1.0, with over 90 per cent of the city; in 1992, the Mine Army joined the Golden Mountain.
Not only did the goods not win the market, but they also lost the leading edge in the dos operating system; in 1996, there was a strategic failure in Kimshan and the market share of Microsoft wps. Moreover, piracy accelerated the loss of active users, and the wps97 and wps2000 developed since then did not return to the market, and the development of Kimshan became a bottleneck.
Retake-off (2001-2010): In 2001, benefiting from large-scale government procurement of active software, wps was favoured by government departments to harvest large government purchase orders; in 2002, KIMshan gave up 14 years of technological accumulation, built new product kernels, rewritten code, and eventually developed a wpsoffice 2005 with fully autonomous intellectual property rights, with product designs very similar to those of msoffice, with a very small size for individuals
Users are free of charge, users are less costly to use, and businesses are growing rapidly; in 2007, after a successful marketing of the Hong Kong master board, the Lui army left to start a second business.
R & D, wps launched mobile end products under the first Andre system in the same year; in 2012, KIM Shan Clouds independent subsidiary was formed, and KIMshan formally moved into the field of cloud computing; in 2013, Wps launched membership services; and in 2019, Kimshan office was successfully placed on the market.
Kimsan software is the company’s actual controlling shareholder, and the Lui army is the company’s actual controlling owner. Kimshan software indirectly holds 52.71% of the company’s shares through wps Cayman and wps Hong Kong. In fact, the office office is independent of the office’s own business after Kimshan software is split up.
The “Kivin 1-D” to “Kivin 10-D” is a platform for multiple employees in the office, with 16.27% of the staff holding shares. The firm’s long-term development is facilitated by the close alignment of core staff through the holding of shares.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East. Office in Kim Shan (688111).
In March of that year, in order to strengthen the corporate management team and upgrade the strategic management of the company, Gekko submitted a written resignation report to the board of directors requesting the resignation of the General Manager, who would no longer serve as General Manager and devote more attention to strategic planning and capital operations of the company.
In March of this year, the Board of Directors decided to appoint Zhang Qing Yuan as its General Manager, who will assume overall responsibility for the day-to-day management of the company's operations. The company provides excellent wpsoffice office software and targeted value-added subscriptions to both government and individual users on multiple platforms. The company provides wpsoffice office software and the Golden Mountain Phrase to users at the pc end, on the mobile end, and on multiple platforms.
At the bg end, the company provides a client-end product in the form of an authorization and the corresponding office value-added service, mainly through software authorization. At the c end, the company provides a client-end product free of charge, a value-added service in the form of a fee-paying member, and income through Internet advertising and value-added services.
Figure 2: The gold mountain office product matrix The company ' s operating income grew rapidly, with a higher but slightly lower rate of Māori. In 2018 it achieved operating income of RMB 1,130 million, an increase over the same period of the previous year.
49.97 per cent; Māori 980 million, an increase of 47.61 per cent over the same period the previous year; net profit 311 million, an increase of 44.94 per cent over the same period the previous year. In 2019, the company achieved operating income of R$ 1.58 billion, an increase of 39.82 per cent over the same period; Māori 1,352 million, an increase of 37.99 per cent over the same period.
This decrease is mainly due to the increasing share of subscriptions to office services in the three major revenue-producing operations, while the ratio of Maori to office subscriptions is lower than that of authorized use of office software products and Internet advertising promotion services.
The net profits of the company grew somewhat, and the rate of increase was lagging relative to revenue, mainly in relation to the business model. In 2018, the company realized a net profit of 311 million yuan, an increase of 44.94 per cent over the same period, with a net profit rate of 27.52 per cent; in 2019, a net profit of 401 million yuan, an increase of 28.94 per cent over the same period.
Users grow, and the last step is realized. Business income is currently growing at a high rate, and there will be more investment in future research and development, such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc., including products such as gold mountain files, which have not yet been commercially realized, but whose research and development costs, operating costs and time-costs are already under way. The two major cost inputs in the 2019 financial statement are for research and development inputs and cloud computing equipment, and these inputs are already in progress.
It is the core driving force behind the future companies to remain ahead in technology and products in the new mobile Internet environment, and increasing inputs is a sign of greater confidence in the future. As cloud services become more capable, commercialization will follow.
In terms of management costs, the management costs were 8.59% in 2019, while the costs of R & D were included in the management costs until 2016, which were split up to $230 million in real management costs in 2015, and 58.38%, which was much higher than in other years, owing to the company ' s former staff.
The one-time inclusion of management costs in the Industrial Equity Incentives scheme in 2015 does not constitute a real impact. The sales cost rate is stable at around 20%. The benefits from the company ' s strengthening of R & D inputs in that year were not reflected in the same year, with R & D spending reaching 62.57% in 2014. In addition, the company ' s increased overseas marketing efforts in 2014 resulted in higher publicity and promotion costs, with 32.25% of sales costs and the overall cost of the year being 32.25%.
In 2019, R&D cost $599 million, an increase of 40.05% compared to the same period last year, and R&D cost 37.91%, increased R&D input provides strong support for companies’ high-quality product development and upgrading. Technology and management teams have a strong demand analysis capacity, communication capacity, and extensive industry experience as the driving force behind the growth in corporate performance.
By 2019, the company had 1,552 R & D technicians, or 68.46% of the total number of employees. idc and cnd increased significantly in terms of the costs of the financial boom in the East. idc and cdn invested about 110 million in 2019, which was significantly higher than the increase in income.
Business cash flows are healthy over the long term and companies have a strong ability to repay their sales. Companies maintain a better sales-back capacity, cash flows from business activities are growing rapidly, and, with the exception of 2015, net operating cash flows from companies remain largely stable and high in relation to the net profits of companies at home.
2.1 The rapid development of the software market, the wave of Internet demand, the prospect of a new breakthrough in the office software market, the rapid development of the software and information technology services industry, which provides a good environment for the development of the office software industry. According to the 2019 soft paper and the information technology services statistics bulletin issued by the Ministry of Information and Communications, our software and information technology services industry generated $7.17 trillion in revenues from software operations throughout the year, 2019
Between 2010 and 2019, our revenues from software and information technology services grew from 1.36 trillion yuan in 2010 to 7.17 trillion yuan in 2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 18.09 per cent, showing a steady growth trend. The share of the software industry in the gdp rose steadily, with the share of the software industry in the gdp in 2018 reaching 7.0 per cent.
Industry provides an excellent environment for basic development, leading to more advanced user perceptions and information transmission in the country, and maximizing synergies. The Internet-based software application, a source of financial prosperity in the East, has created a solid user base.
At the end of June 2019, the country had an estimated 855 million Internet users, with a domestic Internet penetration rate of 61.2%. The number of domestic businesses grew from 54,947,000 in 2012 to 2018.
With 11,020.0 million households, with a mixed growth rate of 12.3% over the period, and against the backdrop of the country's active advocacy of “Internet+” for industrial upgrading, there will be more businesses joining the “Internet+” transformation wave in the future. Billion dollars.
Household perceptions, information transfer and maximization of synergies provide strong guarantees for the further development of the office software industry. According to worldwide statistics, the market size for basic office software in China was 8,534 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 9.7 per cent in the same year and 655 million users, an increase of 4.8 per cent in the same year, and is expected to be 4,904 million yuan in the year 2023, or 11.8 per cent in the case of cagr.
In order to encourage the development of the software industry, the national authorities have issued a series of awards of excellence.
Basic office software also benefits from it. Businesses are fast on the path of industrialization and scalding.
As our small and medium-sized enterprises flourish, and as the country continues to promote the formalization of the software, there is a significant demand in the area of office software services. Autonomous policy of control provides vast development space for domestic office software manufacturers.
As the Internet deepens, and the information communicates more quickly, information security matters around the world threaten national interests and security. Achieving the security and reliability of information-based construction is an important condition for guaranteeing national networks and security.
Future applications in key sectors and areas, such as national party politics, the military, and the business sector, offer historic development opportunities. In particular, in the context of the current trade war, there is an urgent need for national production for all units of the party forces, and office software involves important documents, and information security needs to be ensured.
Table 4: Policies, regulations of the software and information services technology industry on self-control, and on the international market, Microsoft’s microsoftoffice is in absolute dominance. Microsofoffice has a monopoly on the office software market with its operating systems. In addition, Google, Apple, Han Soft, among others, produces products with their own characteristics and advantages.
Table 5: Main products of mainstream office software Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East Microsoftoffice has a higher market share in the domestic market and wps have an absolute advantage among national producers.
In March 2019, over 328 million users of the main product of the office were active each month. In the case of national producers, Yong-chung Office and China’s bid company, some of the users of the business sector are also based on their respective strengths. As a result of the recent international situation and information security, the country is beginning to focus on the complete nationalization of the software sector.
Wps has the technological advantages of independent R & D and adapts to national production systems, such as dragon cores, magnified cores, flying, etc., and will have a greater advantage in future government collections, with a very large market outlook. Wps, which has been developing products over the years, now has six major competitive advantages:
First, the technology accumulates and has the ability to compete with mainstream office software. Wps are currently compatible on multiple platforms, supporting multiple formatting standards, are the uof format standard setters, and are active in expanding cloud services, artificial intelligence applications in office software, in line with mainstream international products.
Second, depth fits the state-owned platform to meet the national production needs of basic software and to guarantee national information security. wps support hard cores, fly-on, magnified, Shinwecpu, provide depth fitting in the linux environment, support the national production operating system, wpsofficelinux products are integrated in depth with the state-owned office system, the political platform of political organs, and the corporate service platform in a number of "nuclear high-tech" applications.
The company, together with the systems integrator, the basic hardware manufacturer and the basic software manufacturer, works together to promote the development of the basic state-owned office application system and contributes to ensuring national information security. Thirdly, the mobile end has crossed the curve and is among the top in the field of mobile office software. wps have been running the mobile office market since 2011.
At the moving end of the spectrum, the product is adapted to the layout, documents, tables, presentations, pdf can be done in one app, meeting the basic office needs of the moving end, with a lightly quantitative advantage. Fourth, the milling of products over the years creates better industrial barriers.
Chain barriers together build the wps' moats, which, while consolidating their position, strike at industry leaders. Table 7: wps’ industrial barriers. Fifth, localization advantages are consistent with domestic user usage. wps combined with user landscape analysis, integration of application systems, competitive function analysis.
In-depth study to provide domestic users with resources and support services that are closer to national office practices.
Resources platform provides big templates and materials Special functional services to enhance office efficiency Cloud services to meet remote office needs
• Addressing problem-specific differences by creating a dedicated rice-shell platform, targeting users • providing abundance to users' office needs
Cloud service providers not only do the industry ' s technical service teams, but also the organization ' s rich file processing, pdf processing, pictures.
The demand for office templates and materials, for example, includes gold clouds under the parent company, and customers provide customized services:
Summary of reports, competitions, financial reports Processing functions, improvement of office efficiency: and many of the country's top cloud services
Service penetration product application throughout the process.) Document processing, except for the provision of regularity, for table, curriculum vitae and grade categories
Commercial cooperation, e.g., nut clouds, Ali clouds, etc., pre-session full text translation, document restoration, documentation for client demand resolution and programming
For example, to help users produce fast and efficient solutions for clients in the medium term, compared to the onedrive.
The stair-reading function also uses the faster transfer of artificial intelligence and the automatic introduction of documents as professional, high-quality office documents.
Questions, training for clients at a later stage, • the platform is open and users can access technology to provide ocr recognition, cross-reference,
It's easy, it's easier to operate, it's more in line with the domestic requirements for home-made templates and materials, so that creators can be easily accessible and efficient.
Papers can only be used as practical tools, such as layouts, and 2) Big client services are available to clients with thought maps, teaching kits, etc.
• In cloud services, wps are responsible only for users by providing high-quality templates for charging fees and dedicated project managers and service teams
(b) Data permission validation, data uploading,
Project implementation, product deployment, pdf tool kit file format rotation, downloads of third-party clothes like Golden Clouds
Customization development, system testing, application support • Completing the interface between the user provider and the user by providing the user with exclusive customization.
functional features such as switching, pdf file editing; design services, clients only need to provide modifications to design 3) photo processing
wps are neither involved in the data transfer process, nor 3) dedicated programme services are available on a proprietary basis for customers to request their own needs.
Inches, compressed photographs, dissipated colours, flipped from the above transmissions, deployed and specific office security parties.
Translation of basic features such as pictures, puzzles, personalized templates for data storage by third-party cloud service providers such as personality, field, cloud, etc.
The viewing office provides a great facility to meet the user ' s need for simple processing of pictures, and the storage of resources and data security are guaranteed.
Easter financial and intellectual sources, Kim Shan Office (688111): Focus on products that will meet the “on-line office” conversion rate boost dividend, sixth, price advantage. Wps has a free-of-charge strategy at the personal level, and has a clear price advantage compared to Microsoft in terms of government procurement offers.
After many years of research and development, wps did not differ significantly from Microsoft at the end of the organization, while the Wps standard offer was slightly lower than Microsoft, while the professional offer was $288 lower than Microsoft, while the education and linux version of Microsoft did not offer any product; and the office software services offered a lower price for wps, and the wps had worked deep into the domestic market for many years, with experience in custom services and a clear advantage over Microsoft.
Figure 20: Comparison of wps with government procurement quotations for selected Microsoft products 3.cend: Free strategy + high-quality products; discounting of advertising and subscription services 3.1 Low client cost and enhanced user stickyness of high-quality products
Wps uses a "free" approach to attracting users on the personal user side, and constantly grinding high-quality products increases user stickyness. In 2019, the number of monthly active users of the company's main product (mau) exceeded 411 million, of which the wpsoffice desktop version has more than 154 million monthly active users, leading other national production office software: the wpsoffice mobile version has more than 248 million monthly active users.
Figure 21: Number of active monthly users of the office in Kimshan The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East wps obtains free users through multiple channels at lower cost of access, with about 53% of the new active users coming from free natural flows in 2018.
Data on shares, company pc-end free users, mainly through official websites, 100-degree searches, software download stations, pc security software butlers (mainly 360 software butlers, qq computer butlers, Golden Mountain Poisons, etc.), with official web sites, 100-degree searches and pc security software managers providing free links to corporate products, thus not generating acquisition costs, but only a small number of subscription costs to software download site channels;
Access to mobile end free users includes, inter alia, official websites, application markets, software pre-loading (mainly for mobile phones), where the official website, application markets are free of charge links to corporate products and therefore do not incur acquisition costs, while pre-loading of mobile phones is done using media resources equivalent to those provided by the company through the replacement of media resources, and mobile endwps are in-depth matching and re-purchased with mobile phone manufacturers.
In 2018, 53% of the new activations came from free channels, and, in aggregate, the cost of a single customer is only $0.14 and the cost of a single customer is lower. wps rely on the grinding of high-quality products at the end of c to increase user stickyness, and wps have the following advantages at the end of c compared to other competitions:
Focus on mobile end products. In response to the trends in mobile Internet operations, companies have been setting up mobile office applications markets since 2011, focusing on the needs of mobile office users and applications analysis, research, and breakthroughs in core technologies such as multiplatform applications, multi-end adaptable layouts, and cloud-based mobile sharing to quickly roll out wpsoffice at a time when competition is lagging behind.
A mobile version of a series of office products, distributed worldwide through mobile application stores, quickly took over the mobile application market. The company mobile research and development team was honoured with the Googleplay " Top Developer" title, and the wpsoffice mobile version continued to be at the top of the global googleplay and Chinese appstore office software applications, thanks to the product advantage of fast-changing products and responsive to the needs of users.
Office rollout of the mobile version is two years later than wps, and market occupancy is lower than wps. Lightly quantified. Under the microsoftoffice suite, the components are independent, occupy larger RAMs, and also contain specialized components that are less commonly applied. wps integrate documents, tables, presentations, pdf, and occupy smaller RAMs, although not as wide as Microsoft Office.
In addition, light-quantified designs make wps open faster than msoffice's source of financial and intellectual excellence in the East. The wps' basic functionality is free of charge, the fee-based function is for subscription services, and the wps members subscribe to 89 yuan/year.
Wps super-member subscriptions are $179/year, compared to 398/year for office 365 personal editions. Wps super-member prices are only about a third of Microsoft, and functional pdf is more relevant for office needs than for msoffice.
It is simple to grind the software according to the country's custom to use it. Compared to microsoftoffice, wps removes some functional tabs that use a higher threshold and optimizes some functions in Chinese, such as when you enter formulas in tables, Excel's function tips are English and English acronyms, while wps tables have function tips in Chinese to facilitate understanding and operation.
3.2 Reliance on large numbers of users and initial realization of Internet advertising promotion services The growth in Internet advertising promotion services has been steady and declining. In 2017, 2018, and 2019, companies generated revenues of $29,586,900, $38,12.31 million and $40,069.09 respectively, for the corresponding periods.
The share of gross revenues from company-owned businesses is 39.28%, 33.75%, and 25.58% respectively. The company exercised restraint in advertising because of the balance between advertising and user experience, and therefore the share of Internet advertising promotion services was small compared to the rate of expansion of the business as a whole.
The Māori rate for Internet advertising services declined by 87.53 per cent, 83.26 per cent and 79.16 per cent respectively. The Māori rate was more stable until 2018. The Māori rate has declined since 2018, mainly because business costs have increased faster than income. The cost of Internet advertising The cost of idc server rental and cdn bandwidth services has exceeded 70 per cent. The cost of individual user size has increased since 2018.
Companies use “free + advertising” as a profit model, and advertising displays are diversified. Companies use a large user group as an important platform for advertising clients to promote their products, with the value of good brands.
On the web platform, advertising places are available to promote customers by starting up client-end products and starting cover, pop windows, open screen pages, etc.
Different needs are identified for settlement and revenue, such as the recognition of information flows based on length, number of hits, number of registrations, etc. The company recognizes revenue on a monthly basis from traffic information with its client base.
The third-party platform ' s collaborative extension service is mainly a requirement for companies to use their own product flows to meet the needs of advertisers in third-party platforms for advertising on the Internet. In 2016-2018, the corporate third-party platform ' s cooperative promotion revenue grew at an average annual compound rate of 24.84%.
On the other hand, the growth in the number of users of the company ' s cooperative platform, including the Al-Mama, the 100-degree advertising platform itself, and the company ' s optimization of the advertising position of the platform ' s clients also led to advertising.
Ali’s mother, as the main platform, contributes about 40% to the company’s revenue from Internet advertising promotion services, over 70% to the third-party platform, and gradually ups to 79.5% in 2019 q1.
The advertising activity is divided into self-employed and agency advertising. In 2016, 2017, 2018, and January-March 2019, the advertising business revenue.
Self-employed advertising is a company that uses the flow of its own products to complete the advertising needs of its advertisers in the agreed manner and settles directly with its advertisers.
The company directs site users to the ads collection page (buying the advertising main product or completing a new name on the advertising main site, i.e. advertising owner getting a valid user), and the website, after the user has chosen the tasks that it needs and has been guided to do so, randomly sends rice to site users as a reward for doing the job.
After the end of the promotion (the completion of the website user mission), there is no difference between the firm and the advertiser in recognizing the final amount of the promotion income based on the contract unit price and the confirmed extension data and in completing the settlement of the funds, and the other Internet advertising promotion services of the issuer in terms of accounting policies for the settlement model and revenue recognition.
Figure 28: Revenues from advertising and clients
3.3 Free user conversion to fee-paying users, with a wide range of value-added service growth companies provide membership to individual users, mainly in the categories of wps members (including super-members) and rice shell members.wps member service focuses on functional services based on wpsoffice office software, such as the use of value-added services such as file conversion by wps members; rice shell members can.
You can download a certain number of templates per month free of charge and have access to resource-based services; super-members have access to both the wps membership and the rice shell resource service.
The number of members of riceshells rose from about 1.06 million in 2016 to 2018, with monthly payments of 77.8 million, 27.13 million, 4.81.17 million and 5.699 million, respectively.
Continuing growth: issuers are also responsible for increasing the number of payers by increasing the functionality and content of their member services and enriching the means of operation. The increase in the number of users, the increase in the frequency of consumption and transformation rates, and the increase in the consistency of users together have contributed to the growth of income from personal service subscriptions.c The market for potential end-users is larger, and companies will grow more in the future at the end-C. The value of mau, which includes overseas users, is 410 million.
The difference in the number of users from the top Internet firms of between 800 million and 1 billion is far from reaching the ceiling in terms of their own development. There are domestic rivals, Microsoft. Although the market share at the mobile end is high, there is much room for growth at the end of pc, where higher market rates can be obtained from competitors in the future, mau is in a fast-growing and long-term situation, and mau is in a much larger space to grow in the future. In 2019, fee-payers grew by 73 per cent, with some growth rates.
The growth prospects for the future are better with the increase in the size of the user payer, which has fallen, but has remained high.
Figure 36: Riceshell user conversion rates wps provide functional and resource-based services that increase user efficiency and attract user fees. wpsoffice provides a wealth of value-added services to registered users and individual meeting officers, including mainly document roaming, personal cloud files, rice shell templates, file conversion, document restoration, documents
These value-added services enable users to create, edit and share documents more quickly and efficiently, produce more professional and beautiful office files and improve office efficiency.
wps actively add functional modules. Upgrade product experiences. The addition of functional modules is an important direction for end-c development. wps has been active in adding performance modules, such as flowcharts, mind charts, etc.
Figure 37: Wps members' partial functional privileges The abundance of operational tools that drive the growth of payers.
(1) Optimization of the payment method: By optimizing the scene, the issuer increases the ease with which the user pays, e.g. by opening the browser login before the pc end improvement, which is paid only for cellular sweeps within the wps software; the user jumps directly to the payment interface when the user clicks on a function key. The personal conversion rate is raised by increasing the ease with which the user pays and optimizing the use of the product.
The subscription service was launched at the end of May 2016 with an automatic renewal service through micro-letters, payment of treasures, and a more favourable successive month-long service was introduced at a later stage than a single month and a single quarter, with no manual payments required after users had their accounts tied. This service has reduced to some extent the willingness of users to cancel subscriptions voluntarily, increased user stickability and contributed effectively to the growth in sales.
(2) Operation activities to enrich riceshell members ' products: As riceshell members are functional products, the direction of the operation can effectively enhance the pay-for-service effects of current users, and during the reporting period issuers frequently launch operations to attract users to purchase. (3) The MicroCaution public platform is operational: the personal service subscription operation was launched in 2018 with the MicroCaution public platform, integrating wps clouds
Document, rice shell templates, account management, message alerts, etc., which facilitate seamless switching of users when accessing other platforms, further enhances product use experience and enhances user stickyness. Cloud service functions effectively enhance user stickyness.
Household sticky. Through the cloud file service, users can upload information such as documents into cloud space and use, download, edit at any time. The number of users using cloud space per year from 2016 to 2018 is on the rise, and users are becoming more sticky.
3.4 The epidemic has pushed the clouding office, the gold mountain file development is promising, and the gold mountain file is a document editing product that focuses on online collaboration among many people. Users can edit and collaborate through online login, various types of third-party collaboration scenes, editing and collaboration. As of 31 December 2019, there were 67 million monthly active users of the gold mountain file.
The product enabled users to collaborate from a single document editor to a single document, increasing the user's stickyness. On January 9, 2020, Kimsan files received the "MicroTrust Power -- Annual Smart Service Award" and Kimshan files reached users through a variety of scenes, such as the MicroTechnology Applet, more users experienced multiple files, the epidemic contributed to a surge in user demand, the monthly office in Kimshan broke through 239 million, and more users became aware of cloud operations. This year, affected by the epidemic, more users became aware of the cloud.
In the case of the Golden Mountain file, for example, the form function used to collect information has grown more than 10 times, or even up to 18 times, and has grown rapidly in a short period of time before and after New Year’s Eve. The demand for teleworking has increased in response to delays, with the number of monthly active users of the gold mountain file reaching 239 million as of 2 March 2020 (not entering the monthly active users of other products).
As of 27 February 2020, the daily activity of online editors had increased by more than 6.5 times, the daily activity of forms had increased by about 27 times, and the rate of teleconferencing had increased by 177 times.
On the one hand, the epidemic has quickly triggered a huge demand for teleworking, which, in real terms, has focused mainly on remote video, audio conferences, and online collaborative work. The demand for much of the statistical information in the short term and the “home-based” work caused by the delay in getting back to work.
The situation will not last forever, and these demands will return to normal as the epidemic calms down and businesses start to work again. On the other hand, cloud-based operations, characterized by “real-time online, multi-person collaboration, cloud storage, separation from equipment, and distance limits,” will, in the near future, be deeply experienced by a large number of office people, and this wide-ranging user-awareness and experience will have a very positive effect on the market.
The KIMshan file is more active in micro-programs, and according to the data from KIM, users grew at a very rapid rate during the onset of the outbreak, and after the epidemic stabilized, the KIMshan file index fell as the areas returned to work, but it remained at a relatively high level. The source of Eastern financial intelligence is still stable.
Figure 39: The evolution of the micro-credit index during the epidemic in the gold mountain file is strong, and the document collaboration is moving to "work-life collaboration." The gold mountain file is working on the googledocs, and in addition to the multi-person collaboration that supports the traditional text, table, presentation, pdf of four major files, the gold mountain file is particularly developed, for example.
The use of forms, meetings, calendars, etc. to meet the rich collaborative landscape needs. The product orientation of the forms is how user information can be collected quickly and safely at the mobile end. The meeting function allows users to meet on the Golden Mountain file, helps users focus more on the document itself, and the calendar function helps teams to complete the team calendar by sharing and collaborating.
Recently, the gold mountain file sheet applet has been officially upgraded and renamed the gold mountain form, and the gold mountain file product matrix has gradually evolved. With this in mind, the gold mountain file has broken through a variety of collaborative work scenes, including the gold mountain manifests, the gold mountain conference, the gold mountain calendar, etc.
The change of name also means that the gold mountain file has a clearer product sequence, and that the "gold mountain file" is a matrix of products that evolves around real-time online collaboration office functions. The gold mountain file needles thoroughly research complex collaboration scenarios and document user needs. During the epidemic, forms provide easy functions for many scenarios; for example,
The electrician employees can collaborate in the same table, either by viewing the difference, or also by modifying the data and replaying the source of the changes, from which they can operate efficiently and accurately: by embedding the Golden Mountain file sheet function with a micro-credit micro-program that allows street people to achieve “no contact” statistics: some community residents use the Golden Mountain file form function to collect food during the control period.
Figure 40: The gold mountain file product matrix. For competitors, the gold mountain file is mainly troupe and graphite in the country, and as an expert in the field of deep-down office software, the gold mountain file has a certain competitive advantage. The graphite file is an online document product that was developed autonomously in the first part of the country.
In April 2018, a multi-person online document product was launched. It was distributed into web pages, ios, Andre and micro-programmes, and the product prices were free of charge, compatible with Words, Excel.
The company is now focusing more on improving user stickyness in the gold mountain documentation project, and there are no large-scale commercialization plans in the short term.
There is a steady decline in user use, but users have developed user habits, such as the use of collaborative files for statistics, inventories, management work plans, etc., and companies are more optimistic about keeping customers alive. The company is also now focusing mainly on customer retention and household satisfaction, and there are no plans for large-scale commercialization of gold mountain files, and companies are optimizing client collaboration and improving customers at the product level.
Households experience, accelerate the integration of full-line products, thereby increasing the stickyness of users and turning customers into pay-for-money clients. Thus, while the gold mountain files are relatively bright on key indicators such as mau, online editing of daily work, they will not be able to contribute to the company on the harvest in the near future.
4.1 Positive + autonomously controlled promotion of authorized business development. Wps specialized products at the bg end are widely used in a wide range of key areas, including government, finance, energy, aviation, and are particularly effective in the government sector, now covering more than 30 provincial and municipal autonomous governments and more than 400 municipal and district governments. As of the end of March 2019, Wealth
Of the world’s top 500 companies, 120 have been disclosed in the magazine, with companies serving 69, or 57.50 per cent; of the 96 companies in the country, the public sector has served 82 clients, or 85.41 per cent; and in the financial sector in particular, commercial banks in the five major countries of the country are corporate customers, and of the 12 national joint-stock commercial banks, companies have served 11 clients, or 91.67 per cent.
China Oil and Gas Group, State Power Networks, China Business and Industry Bank Ltd., China South Air Company, China Space Industries Group Inc., etc.
The implementation of system adaptation and application was completed in a number of major “nuclear high-tech” demonstration projects during the “13th Five-Year” period.
Table 16: Main features of the wpsoffice mobile professional editions. Annually, the authorized operation of office software products generated revenues of 284 million yuan, 350 million yuan and 496 million yuan, representing a period of good and stable cooperation between the head of the company and the clients of large institutions, on the basis of which significant efforts have been made to develop small and medium-sized institutional clients; on the other hand, the public sector,
The Division has increased its marketing outreach and actively participated in industry activities, particularly by strengthening the promotion of space authorization, which has led to an increase in space authorization revenues and has led to an increase in the overall revenue from the use of office software products. The use of office software products has been the most traditional and core source of business revenue, with a continuing trend of growth, and Internet advertising and subscription to office services are business-profit models that are emerging from the post-2012 period.
With the spread of the Internet in the country, the rapid growth in the number of active users of office users and the increased liquidity of users, the income from corporate office service subscriptions has grown rapidly, and the authorized use of office software products has decreased as a percentage of the income from the main business.
The Māori rate has remained stable at around 97 per cent with authorized operations of 275 million yuan, 346 million yuan and 483 million yuan respectively. Higher gross interest rates come from lower costs, and the cost of outsourcing and selling software and hardware for self-employed software operations has been reduced because of the growth in Eastern financial intelligence as companies develop autonomously.
Companies provide different types of software product use authorizations for different sizes of organizational customers, including, inter alia, quantitative authorizations, site authorizations, etc. For small and medium-sized institutional clients with fewer software subscriptions, companies usually use quantitative authorizations.
For large clients with large software needs, the company usually uses site-granting. During the contractual period, the company grants such customers the right to use a certain version of the software without limiting the number of machines in their place of business.
Companies end up using authorized clients to determine specific ways of authorizing, depending on the size of the client, the specific needs of the client, and the outcome of the negotiations. At the same time, depending on business negotiations with different customers, bids, etc., and the specific preferences of specific customers.
In general, the larger the customer, the larger the number of employees, the smaller the average unit price according to the expected usage; and the source of financial intelligence in the East.
Accompanied mobile end software requirements are higher than the average unit cost of customers buying only desktop versions. 4.2 Product authorizations shift to cloudization and serviceization, bg end value-added operations are a core business strategy, agency subscriptions are charged annually, and future subscriptions are expected to surge as cloud-based office demands increase
wpsoffice can provide professional, customized value-added services to organizational-level clients, including, inter alia, wps+ enterprise cloud services (e.g., corporate cloud files, corporate cloud collaboration) and document security, to help organize-level clients better document creation, file management, sharing and co-processing. Software cloud authorizations increased considerably in 2019, with companies working on wps+private cloud promotions, large state corporations, etc.
In the area of telecommunications, more than 90% of start-up clients have chosen wps as the main procurement product. In 2020, companies will continue to promote the transformation of business models and product models, with future software authorizations charging annual fees, and product purchases will be more about wps+private cloud services.
This covers the larger space for future customers in the larger SME market and the downfall of users, and companies have been expanding their SME market channels significantly since 2019. bg End business is shifting from product authorization to cloud-based service patterns. Companies provide more services to their clients, for example, in large and medium-sized enterprises.
In some firms, wps have become an office services consultant, offering additional services in the process of client office informatization. Wps’ business patterns at the end of the bg are changing to a service model, and future institutional subscription models will deepen.
Figure 45: Changes in business patterns at the bg end of wps Dependencies on product capacity and national production opportunities for entry into government and institutions such as major corporations
The pattern follows the pace of corporate cloudization, service-based strategies, relationships with bg end clients from buying and selling authorizations to cloud-based service models, the earliest.
The service pattern is mainly cloud storage, based on enhanced cloud services such as security, synergy, document content output, increased collaboration with businesses, relatively stable client-paying cooperation, and rising values.
In addition to the client's authorization. Cloud storage, collaboration, cloud security, document service.
Competing parties at the bg end include, among other things, the transfer of former competitors and traditional c-side Internet firms to the enterprise’s Internet. The company itself is unique, has unique technical advantages and product service capabilities in file services, and more cooperative relationships with the Internet giants.
It is the company that is more competitive and has a leading advantage in document services. Wps+, which is an integrated company-owned cloud service, belongs to the enterprise’s acquisition of additional services over authorized products.
When you think of the Internet, wps propose a strategy of "cloud, multiscreen, content and ai," the core idea behind which is that "end-plus services" is not simply lighter, but that services are much more varied, based on clouds, content, ai, etc., and provide not just software tools, but office services around different types of users, meeting the needs of different types of users in different settings. wps+ is a company built to contain clouds stored in different settings.
Main functions include the management and storage of cloud files at the enterprise level, document collaboration, remote time and tasking (wps to-do and wps calendar), figure 46: advantages of wps+ cloud office opening up efficient online collaboration
□ Large-volume cloud storage space to provide a solution for the cloudization of business documents ° Online office, instantaneous, without the need to install client 2 team mode management documents, highly matching business and organizational structures
*Save sync in real time, the most recent version of the document is accurate full-text retrieval, file quick positioning, online preview of more than 2 people at the same time, collaborative dynamic real-time visualization
Quick collaboration, one key sharing, farewell transmission of files over and over again, 2 raw office format compatibility, to ensure that data is not lost and that professional office applications are available
Document security control ****wpsoffice authorization* members, team privileges flexible configuration, particle size breakdown security control
Affordable office components such as text, tables, presentations, flowcharts, pdf 1 document dynamic and complete records with retroactive changes, historical versions can restore platform-wide client application support, readily available at any time or place
Account-level documents are encrypted, no digital password is required to create a cloud over a ° client document, any device is instant access to a document, a separated staff member is able to recover permissions without leaking information
Wps+ provides differentiated programmes for a variety of clients. For large and medium-sized enterprises, companies push "wps+ Private Clouds" to provide services tailored to each user ' s needs while also ensuring information security for customers. For small and medium-sized enterprises, Wps+ Cloud Offices develop one-stop cloud-office solutions based on document synergy that address office pains in various industries and the characteristics of different functional sectors.
Table 18: Wps+ Online Office Sector Solutions
Table 19: wps+online office function solutions Focus on promoting wps+ liquidity, with clear differences in location of office products from other cloud-side collaborations within the company. wps have three remote co-locations of public products, one from Golden Hill, the other from wps+ and the other from wps cloud files, the other three from different product locations, the other from wps+ for b in 2020.
It focuses on dynamic products, covers all of the company's cloud services, and has gained a certain competitive advantage and has a stronger ability to realize.
KIMshan Office (688111): Focus on products that will meet the “online office” conversion boost dividend Table 20: wps cloud office product positioning wps+ to launch a combination of specialized subscription services with different price combinations to provide flexible options for different types of enterprises.
Industry, large enterprises, wps+ have introduced separate basic classes (free trial), commercial editions ($365 per person/year), advanced commercial editions ($599 per person/year) that meet basic cloud functions and online collaboration, with differences in cloud storage capacity to allow for some advanced functionality to be used only in advanced versions.
“Soft upgrades +ai + cloud + internationalization”, four main development directions for the advancement of wps
The network service centre construction project is expected to invest $103 million; the remaining $1.947 billion will be spent on research and development of related projects, mainly on the Internet cloud service for office products, the direction of upgrading the development of wpsoffice office software, the direction of internationalization of office software, the building of an artificial intelligence base in the office, and the direction of the research and development centre in four main directions.
5.1 wpsoffice office software development upgrades The objective of this direction is to build a new generation of wpsoffices adapted to intelligent development trends based on the company's existing wpsoffice series of products, to develop and optimize product functions and applications in such areas as smart creation, multi-end multi-manual collaboration, document data intelligence analysis processing, etc.
Office packages. There are two projects in this direction, namely, the wpsoffice office software client enhancement and optimization project and the wpsoffice office public software secure and reliable enhancement and optimization project.
The upgrading of basic software products is consistent with the country’s policy orientation to advance strategic and emerging industries. The development of basic software is bound to grow over the long term, driven by national policies.
There is a growing demand for office services, such as simple office, communication tools for users, teamwork, real-time sharing, etc. Office value-added functions provide more facilities for day-to-day office, and there is a wide potential need for optimal functions for document editing, table computing, and demonstration production. With advances in information technology, current organizational clients, such as businesses, governments, etc., are becoming more demanding.
In addition to simple information recording and processing, there is a growing demand for document elements standardization, collaboration, intelligence, analysis, supportive decision-making, image presentation, etc. In addition, the number of business systems, the increasing number of data, the increasing inter-system co-mingling and the increasing difficulty of synergy also place greater demands on the compatibility and synergy of office software.
The implementation of this project will build a fully upgraded wpsoffice office suite, adapted to cloud age and intelligent development, focusing on optimizing product performance and efficiency, addressing the compatibility of products with integrated applications of various systems, providing users with a more modern and efficient information office experience, and enhancing firm core competitiveness.
The company's research and development team has been working on the development of office software systems since the 1990s, one of the first firms in the country to start developing office software, and is a listed provider of government procurement. The importance of maintaining autonomous core technology development, mastering autonomous intellectual property rights, is that wpsoffice has been tested and gained a good reputation in the formalization of government and state-owned enterprise software.
Reasons. In 2012, companies responded to clients ' demand for the safety of basic software by publishing wpsoffice products based on national production applications of linux platforms. After several years of development, wpsofficelinux has supported cores, flyers, Shinwe, mega-cpus, etc., compatible with operating system platforms such as the middle-marked americium, Pulvert, Fangde, depth, etc.
In the future, as an important part of the domestic hardware and software industry chain, wpsoffice will continue to contribute to improving information security and avoiding the industrial risks of software.
The objective of the construction direction of the Basic Centre for Research and Development of Artificial Intelligence in the Office is to enhance the speed and efficiency of the processing of documents by users, using the basic technology of artificial intelligence in the Office, by upgrading the understanding and processing capabilities of the wps office software on content such as natural language and image text information.
Project and the ai computer visual recognition platform project.
Artificial intelligence has become a trend in the software industry, and co-operative officeing can significantly improve efficiency. As basic technologies of artificial intelligence, such as voice recognition, command, interaction, search engines, and deep learning, develop, a co-ordinated office application will have far-reaching implications for future industry development. Users control software systems through voice input instructions in natural languages, reducing the threshold for system learning applications.
The State encourages the development and application of technologies related to artificial intelligence. In July 2017, the State Council issued the New Generation Plan for the Development of Artificial Intelligence.
The software industry has received a high degree of attention as an important application site for artificial intelligence technology. It is clearly stated in the plan that the development of key basic software for artificial intelligence, breaking through core hardware such as graphic processors, researching smart system solutions such as image recognition, speech recognition, machine translation, intelligent interaction, knowledge processing, and controlling decision-making, fosters a soft base for artificial intelligence applications.
Artificial intelligence is in the advanced stages of evolution from perception to cognitive intelligence, where part of the former has matured, and the latter has yet to be broken. Based on the rapid upgrading of computing and data resources at the base, it is likely that the new technology will be able to be used as a tool.
At the perception level, some technologies, such as sound, image perception, are largely mature and have a basis for large-scale applications; and at the cognitive intelligence level, since this phase requires software to think like a person, such as offering suggested options for text documents and predicting users' next steps
Using intent, etc., the analytical judgement is necessarily dependent on the maturity of the sensory layer. The associated sensing technology is now becoming more mature, and the goal of the office product Internet cloud service is to develop and upgrade cloud and value-added services for wpsoffice products and to create the Internet.
This direction is divided into two projects, one on the construction of an office-based cloud services research and development centre and the other on the Internet. The Internet wave drives the transformation of office software products from tools to services. The Internet age provides industries with opportunities for industrial upgrading, and access to quality services has become an important custom for users to choose applications. In the office area, user requirements for office software are no longer simple documentation.
Editor, increasing demand for more, stronger and more complex applications, and more personalized, customized and modeled office services. Efficient use of Internet technology to reduce user office costs and meet new user needs is a trend in the office software industry.
The mobility, landscape-based office mainstreaming, and the growing demand for mobile office space by businesses. The office landscape, time fragmentation, etc. of mobility also creates a new demand for mobile office public goods and cloud services. The project is proactive in improving cloud services by researching and simulating the use of the site by users.
Close proximity to the user’s office habits, combined with the convenience and innovation of mobile platforms, provides users with more human and user-friendly cloud office services, allowing them to switch at the pc end and the mobile end, and to continue their work at any time or place. Project construction will consolidate the company’s pre-emptive advantage in mobile office areas.
Value-added services are the solution to the need to personalize and customize future office software. As the Internet and mobile transmission technologies develop, users’ office needs are becoming more diverse, and demand for individualization and customization is growing.
Styles, layouts, etc., and the user provides template customization to meet multiple user needs. The future wpsoffice product will build a collection of big document templates on top of a professional document editing function, with rice shells exceeding 8 million professional office document templates, material resources, multiple dimensions covering document editing, big data technology that can assist in analysing user preferences, achieving thousands of faces, according to user requirements
5.4 Directions for the internationalization of office software The objective of building the orientation for the internationalization of office software is to be based on the continuous development of corporate products and services to meet global user-differentiated office needs.
This direction is divided into three projects, namely, the wps office office research and development upgrading project for the globalization of office products and services, the global technology services support centre construction project and the global marketing network service centre where companies have technical advantages and need to take advantage of the global market as soon as possible.
With more than 30 years of experience in research and development and technological accumulation in the field of office software, the main products and services under the banner are developed autonomously by companies, with autonomous intellectual property rights over core technologies. Companies adhere to the idea of technological innovation and maintain the positive development of their products and businesses, and are highly recognized by the state and the government.
Intellectual property rights prizes, state-focused new products, national strategic innovation products, China Electronics Institute first prize for scientific and technological progress, and China International Software Fair gold prizes. As technological advantages continue to accumulate, corporate products need to move out of the country to further expand their markets abroad.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the company has grown steadily over the last three years, with generous research and development inputs, good product performance, wide market space and a projected net return profit of 518/798/1205 million between 2020 and 2022, corresponding to the growth of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
Kim Shan Office (688111): Focusing on products, it's going to meet the "online office" conversion rate to boost dividends, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
Wang Jianhui's research on the creation of values in high-growth areas such as retail, ott, etc.
Chen Woo-chul, research assistant brief, Chen Xiaobo.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.