The company is the leading office and service provider in the country, mainly in wpsoffice office software.
For more than 30 years, the company has accumulated technology and acquired advantages, amounting to 447 million, of which the wpsofficepc version of mau is 168 million and the mobile version of mau a total share capital (million shares):
At a fast-growing stage, the business income cagr was 42.79 per cent, and the non-parent net profit cagr credit industry was vast and presented historic opportunities for companies.
The country’s demand for cybersecurity and information security has led to a wider application of basic software, such as national production operating systems, databases, intermediates and office software, in key industries and areas such as party politics, the army, and the public sector.
The Wpsofficelinux version, developed independently by the company, has fully supported the national production platform and the national production operating system, and the products have been systematically adapted and disseminated in a number of major national demonstration projects, with a demonstration effect in the country’s party institutions and institutions.
The gold mountain file leads the development of the online office industry, and in the context of the epidemic mau outbreak growth, the gold mountain file is a document editing product focused on online collaboration among many people. Users can access online postings, various third-party collaboration scenes, editing and collaboration.
The functions are provided free of charge to individual users, the product is not available for Internet advertising, and there is no direct impact on the company’s performance during the military period. In the context of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, there are delays.
The impact of the resumption of work has been an upsurge in demand for teleworking by companies, which, as of 2 March 2020, reached 239 million monthly active users of the gold mountain file (no weightings have been placed on the monthly active users of other products). The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country and is expected to benefit from the development of the credit-creation industry.
The former income was smaller, faster, more investment in R & D, more space for future growth, less than expected growth in the number of users using ps, lower-than-expected national production substitution processes, and increased competition in the public software market for other companies.
Deep-farm office software, which continues to grow rapidly The Beijing office office software company, Kimshan, Inc., is the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly engaged in design development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services.
The company’s service consists mainly of value-added services based on corporate products and related documents, as well as Internet advertising services for clients.
The company has more than 30 years of research and development experience and technological accumulation in the area of office software, while the main products and services under the banner are developed autonomously by the public department, with intellectual property rights over core technologies.
A variety of key technologies, such as table computing techniques, animation techniques, online co-ed editing, secure files and data co-sharing, are studied in depth to create an Internet cloud office application service through a breakthrough in core technology, create a new smart office model and improve user experience across the board.
By the end of the year, Wps products have successfully covered 46 languages, providing office services to more than 411 million individual users in more than 220 countries and territories around the world.
One hundred and twenty-one million people per month are active in mobile editions, while the number of monthly active users of other products of the company, such as the Golden Mountain Phrase, is widely used in a number of important areas such as government, finance, energy and aviation. This is particularly evident in the government sector, which now covers more than 30 provincial and municipal autonomous governments and more than 400 municipal and district governments.
Figure 2: User coverage wpsoffice, golden mountain files, rice shells, golden mountain words.
More than 310 million users worldwide every month use office software products and services such as the Golden Mountain Office to be created, edited and shared globally, amounting to over 220.
By the end of 2018, wpsoffice was moving overseas for months.
More than 80 million pieces of office materials per month are in riceshell, enterprise-level markets, and the operations of the offices in Kimshan cover more than 30 municipalities, more than 400 municipalities, and more than 400 municipalities and districts.
80 million active users were downloaded and used, with cagr as high as 42.79 per cent, and net profit from non-repatriation was also growing rapidly, cagr
Currently, subscriptions to office services, authorization for the use of office software products, Internet advertising promotion services are a steady increase in corporate revenue: the use of authorized business in office software products is part of the company's traditional, core business section, with an increase of 39.41 per cent in revenue in 2019, and has been increasing at an increasing rate over the past few years, with a higher level of Maori, at 96-98 per cent.
In 2019, revenues from Internet advertising services grew by 5.99% over the year, a slower rate than in 2018, owing mainly to factors such as the overall entry of the domestic advertising market into the adjustment period, and the company’s strategic reduction in advertising placement to enhance the user’s experience, which has affected the growth of advertising revenue. In the future, companies will continue to control the spread of the user’s experience in order to balance it.
The scale of the offer, and as the number of payers increases rapidly, the share of advertisers will decline, and the business is expected to continue steadily in the future. Each year, net operating cash flows are 1.86 times less than net non-returned profits, reflecting the high quality of the operation.
Companies have given high priority to R & D, with R & D rates of over 35 per cent over the last four years, and the full costing of R & D inputs has had an impact on net profits. R & D costs in 2019 were $599 million, representing an ongoing competitive share of operating income.
mature R & D models, such as the Management Model, the Generic Modular R & D Model, which integrates more than 30 years of R & D experience and effectively improves R & D efficiency. Corporate R & D is driven by the needs of end-users and downstream partners and incorporates client input into product life.
During the cycle, the R & D sector communicates simultaneously with the marketing sector, the support sector, and goes into the entire process of product design, R & D, testing, payment and services to achieve rapid and effective iterative R & D, to jointly enhance user experience and to develop a virtuous cycle mechanism for “customer-driven R & D, product-serving customers.” Companies continue to hire new and emerging technology experts and scientific excellence.
The staff is part of the research and development team and is well aware of information systems technology and future technological developments. They are able to provide a full range of solutions to the needs of different government agencies and industries and to work together on office cloud services and security, and to produce products tailored to the needs of their clients and to the trends in office development.
Mr. Lui Jun, who is the actual controller of the company and has been in charge of developing and expanding its operations since 1992, chaired the Board of Directors in July 2011 and served as Executive Director when the company was established in 2011. Mr. Lui Jun is currently the Honorary Chairman of the company and will continue to use it in areas such as corporate governance, strategic integration, etc.
Experience, guidance and assistance to companies in optimizing corporate governance and promoting corporate cultural heritage and development in order to better safeguard the sustainability, health and quality of the company, established in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and currently holding 52.71% of the company ' s shares.
Mr. Quixiang founded the Golden Mountain Software in 1988 and developed wps1.0 in full-time, resigned as Chief Executive Officer of Soft Hill in 2008 and resigned in 2011, and was transferred from the Executive Director of the Golden Hill Software to a non-Executive Director, holding it.
By the end of 2019, employees of the company held 16.27% of the company ' s total shares indirectly through the establishment of a stock holding platform, Chivennwi.
Since its inception, the company has expanded its main product lines from desktop to multi-platform full-line products, business models from traditional office software product use authorizations to office service subscriptions, Internet advertising to promote multi-modal developments, wpsoffice
Looking at corporate products, a shift from a single office application to an Internet office cloud service has been completed, and more options are now available to replace larger versions of long-cycle versions with small versions of frequent iterative upgrades.
Companies and products have received two national prizes for scientific and technological progress and a new national priority.
International and national awards, such as the World Intellectual Property Rights Gold Award, and the China International Software Fair Gold Award.
Development, with a focus on strengthening the development capacity of office applications and upgrading the core competitiveness of corporate products, the results of which have been replicated in several national demonstration projects, and the main core technology owned by the company, based on its experience in specialized technical research in the field of office applications, will:
Professional research on multi-platform office needs and applications, integration of office applications, multi-user collaboration, digital cloud storage and intelligent creation were carried out, with the benefit of years of in-depth excavation of user needs, in-depth analysis of client applications, technical re-engineering of the bottom of products, company-specific core techniques
As of 31 December 2019, the company had 13 core technologies, including data synchronization and secure storage technology, cloud-based mobile sharing technology, multi-end network sharing technology for office files, multi-platform coordination and editing technology, all related to cloud services, mainly for document cloud storage, mobile office and multiple users.
Areas such as co-location applications. The accumulation of core technologies and technological innovations reflect the competitive advantages of firms within the industry and guarantee their sustainable development in basic office areas.
Because of the characteristics of knowledge-intensive products, the company has obtained a series of business certificates, patented inventions and has many software copyrights for core technologies. According to the information disclosed in the offer statement, the company owns seven business certificates, four of which belong to the wholly-owned subsidiary Joo Hai Jinshan Office Software Ltd. and Guangzhou.
As at 31 March 2019, companies and subsidiaries had a total of 179 patents and copyrights for computer software. Of the patents held by companies, 157 were registered in China.
Externally registered patents total 22; licensed patents total 18, all registered in China. 1.3.1 Main products The main products of the company include wpsoffice office software products and Golden Hills.
The company’s core products, the main components of which are wps text, wps tables, wps presentations, pdf readings, are wpsoffice desktops and wpsoffice mobiles.wpsoffice, while compatible with the high levels of mainstream offices abroad, has a variety of features that provide stable and easy office support to a wide range of users.
At the same time, the company provides fast, easy, efficient online and offline services and technical support to wpsoffice users, providing reliable and effective user security. Wpsoffice mobile version is one of the most popular mobile office software, serving more than 187 million active users worldwide.
Users, the company mobile research and development team, have won the Googleplay title of "the top developer". Wpsoffice movers successfully selected in 2015 for "googleplay year" and "appstore year 2015" with the advantage of products that are fast-changing and responsive to user needs.
Play, Chinese appstore's office software application is ranked first in the list. Wpsoffice desktop version: wpsoffice desktop version is mainly applied to computer end and has a strong system integration capability depending on the appropriate system.
A partnership has enabled professional version products to become more cost-effective in mainstream intermediates, embedded applications of application systems, use of nationally produced software products by organizational-level clients, with high compatibility of secondary development systems, support of xml markers, support of layout documents, and high level of document security.
2) wpsofficelinux version: wpsofficelinux version is based on office apps developed on a national production platform and currently fully supports national chip, operating systems and other mainstream Linux operating system platforms such as ubuntu, redhat, fedora. wpsofficelinux product respects linux-specific users.
Office requirements of enterprise users to support multi-platform tailor-made, customized secondary development systems, support to national standards, security 3) wpsofficemac version: Wpsofficemac version uses multi-platform operating system adaptation technology, is an office application developed on the basis of the Mac platform of the Apple Desktop Operating System and supports various apple desktop operating systems
Officemac has autonomous intellectual property rights, adapts to the document security system under the macos platform, integrates the application of security solutions and ensures data security for users in document creation and collaboration, etc. wpsoffice mobile version: wpsoffice mobile version is based on office applications developed on android, ios platform
Software to support a variety of mainstream smartphones, mobile tablet devices, including wpsoffice mobile personal versions and wpsoffice mobile professional versions. wpsoffice mobile personal versions: wpsoffice mobile personal versions are small, fast and usable
Custom optimization, smart layout, etc., can support more than 50 document formats such as oxml, pdf, html, and have document roaming functions that help clients to move their offices easily. 2) wpsoffice mobile professional version: wpsoffice mobile professional version is a move developed for organizational-level clients
Office software products that provide secondary development interfaces under mobile platforms, secure information in the generation, synergy, distribution and communication of documents with other applications, and provide user-friendly and efficient mobile office resolution programmes that meet enterprise-specific customization, system compatibility and high document security features.
Users can use the Golden Mountain dictionaries for reading, writing, oral exercises, and word review in many languages. The Golden Mountain dictionaries cover a large number of authoritative dictionaries, including the Oxford Dictionary, the English-Handy Dictionary, and the English-Handy Dictionary.
Full English sentence reading is achieved through the English tts application, multi-language cross-translation is supported, and screen take-off for office files, mail and various mainstream browsers is supported.
Services provided by companies include mainly office value-added services based on company products and related documents, and Internet advertising Office value-added services are divided mainly into personal office value-added services and enterprise office value-added services: wpsoffice provides dozens of value-added services to users, mainly document roaming,
Personal cloud files, rice shells, file conversions, document restoration, document glorification, member skin, etc. These value-added services enable users to create, edit and share documents more quickly and efficiently, produce more professional and beautiful office files and improve office efficiency.
Business office value-added services: wpsoffice can provide professional, customized value-added services to organizational-level clients, mainly covering wps+ enterprise cloud services (e.g., business cloud files, business cloud collaboration) and document security ... to help group woven clients to better document creation, file management, sharing and co-location.
Internet advertising promotion services: one of the most important profit models in the software industry today, which provides free access to products in a “free plus advertising” way, while offering commercial opportunities for advertising clients. Based on the advantage of users, companies actively enhance the investment of resources in Internet advertising promotion services, working with multiple third-party advertising platforms, etc.
A long and stable partnership has been established between advertising agents and direct-sign advertising clients, and the main partners in the company's Internet advertising promotion services are Ali's mother, Skycat, treasure-hunting, 100%, etc. The company's Internet advertising promotion operations are divided into interfaces and task groups according to different presentation patterns.
To promote and promote client products, such as by starting cover, pop windows, open screen pages, etc. Tasks: to provide customers with the opportunity to make rice (clicking on advertising links) on the client’s website, which can be used to buy rice shells, cloud templates and membership services.
Figure 17: Internet extension services are classified by mode 1.3.3 Profit model Corporate profitability model is divided into: subscription to office services, authorization to use office software products and Internet advertising.
Figure 18: Profit model Member services are the main growth point under the “services” business model. Under the office service subscription model, the company introduced both the wps and the riceshell membership models for individual subscribers.
The Division has invested in the development of wps and riceshell membership, attracting individual users to subscribe to related services by optimizing product services and introducing high-quality resources. The number of paid users in the number of active users of individual subscriptions has increased more rapidly, reaching 12.02 million individual members in 2019, representing an increase of 104.42 per cent over the same period.
The continuous updating of diverse membership services and privileges is more attractive to users. Wps members have a number of nuclear privileges, use value-added services such as document conversion, document restoration, document glorification, member skin, and also have advanced privileges such as a larger cloud file storage space and a larger number of multiple cloud team members; and rice shell members.
Super-members also have access to both wps membership services and rice-shell resource services. In addition, super-members have advanced value-added services with 365g super-clouds space, file thinners, etc. that are not covered by ordinary members’ rights.
Figure 19: Comparison of membership privileges Automatic renewal services, which opened channels such as micro-letters, payment of treasures at the end of the month, to a certain extent reduced users ' willingness to cancel subscriptions, increased user stickyness and effectively contributed to the growth in sales.
The launch of platform No., which integrates wps cloud files, rice shell templates, account management, messages, etc., allows users to switch seamlessly when accessing other platforms, further enhances product use experience and enhances user stickyness. One of the corporate fund-raising projects is the development of an Internet value-added service (IVA) project, which aims to develop it through a membership value-added service.
The company’s business sales model includes direct sales by the company, agent distribution, and third-party platform promotion.
Model, for corporate management purposes, companies have developed a range of sales-related systems such as a dealer management system, software sales process, order management flow, commodity payment refund process and sales contract management system.
For Internet platform clients, such as treasures and 100% of the major Internet users with their own online advertising union system, external advertising promotion platforms, as required, provide an overview of the 1.4 project on the company ' s advertising promotion location.
The funds raised will be used in four directions: “wpsoffice office software development upgrades”, “office areas, building of basic artificial intelligence research and development centres”, “office products Internet cloud services”, and “office software internationalization”.
Product upgrades, service optimization and internationalization of office software. Wpsoffice office software secure enhancement and optimization project focuses on development and system-adaptation technology for basic national production software and hardware applications, customization and enhancement of office software applications and security features, and enhancement of office software performance and effectiveness
Rates, focusing on the development and upgrading of core modules such as wps text, wps tables, wps presentations and pdf readings, customizing office application interfaces that meet national standards to provide solutions for office applications under the national production software and hardware platform 2. Industry scenes, rises of office holders
In recent years, the software industry has continued to grow at a relatively rapid pace as the structure of the industry has been upgraded. According to data from the Ministry of Trade and Communications, in 2019, enterprises above the size of the country ' s software and information technology services sector accumulated revenues of $71.768 billion, an increase of 15.4 per cent, and a total profit of $93.62 billion, an increase of 9.9 per cent.
From 2012 to 2019, our revenues from software operations increased from $248 trillion to $7.18 trillion, and cagr, our software and information technology services products, were divided into four main categories: software products, information technology services, information security, embedded systems software. Of this, the share of software products in industry was 28.0 per cent in 2019.
At the same time, revenues from information security products and services have increased by 12.4 per cent over the same period, and the country’s demand for information security offers new opportunities for the future use of basic software, such as office software, in key sectors and areas such as national party politics, the army, and the business sector.
The software industry, as a key emerging sector in the development of national strategies, has been supported in recent years by a series of policies designed to promote the development of the software industry.
In follow-up to the 13th Five-Year Plan, in December 2016, the Ministry of Industry and Informatics officially launched the Software and Information Technology Services Development Plan (2016-2020). The Plan proposes the principles of innovation-driven, synergetic, integrated development, safe and manageable, open win-win development, and sets out the overall enhancement of innovative development capabilities.
Policy support for industry development and change was provided by six priority tasks and major works. 29 May 2020, the announcement of an integrated circuit design enterprise and software enterprise 2019 corporate income tax credit clearing policy continued the concessionary policy of the software enterprise in document [2019] 68
It is clear that a legally established and eligible software firm can be entitled to a “two-thirty-half” tax from the profit year 2.2 against the giant Microsoft to the Chinese market, and that the global market suggests that the company faces competition from internationally recognized companies such as Microsoft, Google and others in the office software market.
The corporate capital is relatively small in size, the financing channel is relatively single, the market share is relatively small, and the overall base is weak. From the domestic market, the technical threshold for office software products is high, the domestic office is competitive, with only a few local producers in the software market, creating Microsoft, corporate competition, other manufacturers and others.
The main competitors of the company in the domestic market are Yong-chung Office of Yong-chung Software Co. Ltd., and the successful Phuhua Office of Software Co. Ltd... 2.2.1 China’s office software market is wide-ranging.
According to the World Bank, the market for basic office software in China was 8,534 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 9.7 per cent over the same period, and is expected to reach 14,904 million yuan by 2023. The rapid development of the cloud computing and software and information technology services industries has provided an excellent basic development environment for the basic office software industry, while at the same time providing for domestic use.
In 2018, the number of users of basic office software in China grew from 655 million, according to data from the World Bank.
4.75 per cent, the size of basic office software users in China reached 6.8 per cent between 2012 and 2018. According to the Irel consultation, the demand for office software by domestic users has become more diverse with the shift in the thinking of artificial intelligence technologies and product services. The main trends are service, intelligence, integration and mobility.
The traditional pc end office is still an irreplaceable way for users to process office files, but outside the traditional pc office scene, users are increasingly demanding to move their office anywhere and anywhere, and mobile end products are increasingly becoming the focus of the vendor’s efforts.
Complementation to enrich the use of office software. Figure 28: Business development features and directions of office software in China
Faced with the diversity of users, the office industry brings simple stacks like text recognition, voice, software that cannot continue to function.
Inputs and controls are functional and should be directed towards solving user problems.
To meet the increasingly complex office needs of users, office products are focused on basic office functions.
As the mobile Internet matures and so does the individual, it needs to be more open, integrated, people moving, users moving.
More specialized services or plug-ins are being provided, and more services are being provided.
2.2.2 Microsoft dominates the global market. Currently, in the global office software industry, overseas manufacturers, represented by Microsoft in the United States, are at the top of the industry chain, leading innovators and core technology masters in the office software industry. Microsoft is a pioneer in the office software industry.
According to the US web site sec, Microsoft’s business income for office products and cloud services (officeproductsandcloudsservices) from 2017 to 2019 showed a robust growth trend, with operating revenue reaching $31,769 million in 2019, well above the company’s revenue base.
From 2017 to 2019, the company’s operating income grew at a much faster rate than that of Microsoft office products and cloud services, and is expected to gradually close the business income gap. With the official external release of the Japanese version of Kingsoftoffice in 2007, the company began to expand its overseas market.
Through the new and continuous development and upgrading of wpsoffice multi-language and mobile products, product sales and services targeted at the different preferences and needs of overseas users in countries and regions such as Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, and Europe and America, India, and South-East Asia.
Foreign business income amounted to $49,26.25 million. While some countries have developed relatively well in terms of network infrastructure readiness and sustainable development environments, industry and technological innovation, and information applications have developed relatively generally, with a larger mention in terms of the growth of the Internet industry overseas.
Opportunities for upgrading space and market development. In response to the relatively backward levels of information applications in many countries abroad, companies are actively expanding abroad, providing office applications-related information technology services and solutions to overseas enterprises, gradually expanding the market share of domestic office software worldwide, with positive trends in countries like India and Thailand in 2019.
The company’s future overseas market strategy, according to the investor’s research report of 20 April 2020, has three levels: In emerging Internet countries like India and Indonesia, the main objective is to raise the moon, and the profit model is dominated by “advertisement + fee-paying members”: in developed countries such as Europe and America, where subscriptions to services are more accepted and user-paying.
The company’s wpsoffice products and services, using the advantages of collaboration up and down the field, combine the user landscape, analysis, integration of application systems, competitive function analysis, etc., with in-depth research, compared to overseas products.
Resources and support services that are closer to national office habits. In addition to Microsoft’s office series, companies’ target products include Googlegsuite’s googledocs, wpsoffice2019, which has the advantage of being more functional and adaptable.
Since the outbreak of the new coronary virus, in January 2020, in order to halt the spread of the disease, reduce the concentration of people and delay the resumption of work by domestic enterprises, opportunities for growth have emerged.
As a response to the emergency of maintaining business operations during a special period, multiple online office models, such as multiple videoconferences, collaborative document editing, have emerged.
According to the Trustdata mobile big data monitoring platform, the size of mobile Internet users in March 2020 showed rapid growth, with the most significant growth in business office and online education due to the up-scaling of off-line activities, with the business sector ranked 7th in China's mobile Internet top10 application mau, an increase of 29.0 per cent.
After 30.1% in online education, companies like Tseng, Ali Baba and others have continued to expand their software during the epidemic to meet user needs.
Ten thousand, eight days, more than 100,000 cloud hosts, involving over a million nuclear computing resources. Two days in a row on 3 and 4 February, nailed up 20,000 servers. These two surges have created a record of short-term elastic expansion on Aridun. As a result of this epidemic, China’s business has been transformed online and digitally.
The company’s main product, mou, has grown significantly as a result of a number of online co-location functions such as wpsoffice and gold mountain file products. As at 31 March 2020, the company’s main product mau had reached 447 million, an increase of 36.28 per cent, and the ring an increase of 8.8 per cent, including 168 million monthly active users of the wpsofficepc version;
271 million monthly active users of mobile editions: the number of monthly active users of other company products, such as the Golden Hills, is close, according to the questmobile Institute's QuestMobile Institute's Report on Mobile Internet “Possibilities” 2020, wpsoffice ranks second in the average daily active size of office business apps before and after Spring 2020, higher than the company's micro-letters, qqq
Synchronization assistants and 100-degree web disks. On April 21, 2020, the Ministry of Technology and Communications launched the Directory of Recommendations for the Digital Enabling Services and Activities of Small and Medium-sized Enterprises, a corporate wps+ Cloud Office Solutions programme that supports multi-user co-location through wpsoffice client and cloud file services and achieves document security throughout the life cycle.
As a document editing product focusing on online multi-person collaboration, Kimsan files can support the editing and collaboration of documents through online login, various types of third-party collaboration scenes, enabling users to collaborate from a single document editor to a single document, increasing user stickyness.
The number of monthly active users of the document reached 239 million as of 2 March 2020 (no weighting was done with the monthly active users of his product).
The demand for teleworking models in different enterprises has created a diversified market with temporary needs during the epidemic, which are expected to foster user habits, increase the penetration of online offices and promote the development of online office normalization. 3.2 Netizens are large and mobile.
With the development of information technology in the country and the development of the Internet infrastructure, the penetration of the Internet in various industries is expected to continue to contribute to the growth of Internet users and to the expansion of corporate Internet advertising. According to cnic statistics, the country’s Internet development has achieved remarkable success over the years, and the scale of the Internet continues to grow.
Growth. By March 2020, the country had 904 million Internet users, 75.8 million more than at the end of 2018, 64.5 per cent more Internet penetration and 4.9 per cent more than at the end of 2018.
Second-time flight of office software applications, mobile office applications and services have become the development of the office software industry, which is expected to reach 44.85 billion yuan year-round, but remote office penetration is still low compared to developed countries, with China having less than 1 per cent remote office penetration in 2018.
Starting in 2011, the company began to configure the mobile office application market, focusing on the needs of mobile office users and the application landscape analysis and research, rapidly rolling out the wpsoffice mobile series of office products and rapidly taking over mobile applications through mobile application stores worldwide.
As the software industry’s “free-for-advertisement” model emerges, companies in the software industry will share the dividends of the Internet advertising economy. According to the 43rd Statistical Report on the Development of the Internet in China, published by cnnic, China’s Internet has become the first mobile user to be active in the domestic market in mid-month.
In 2019, the size of China ' s net advertising market reached $434.1 million, an increase of 16.8 per cent over the same period. Moreover, with the high growth of mobile terminals, the growth of mobile advertising markets is strong, the overall market is growing faster than the network advertising industry ' s 3.3 business model is diversified, and innovation is driving high growth.
Companies are more diversified and innovative than other competitors’ sales models, such as “free personal users plus business authorization fees” or “service booking fees.”
Mobileization: a successful transformation of companies into one-stop, platform-wide, application service strategies for office applications in response to mobile Internet trends. Integration: a successful shift of products from single-machine applications to multi-end mobile offices across platforms.
Services: Business models have successfully transformed from traditional industrialization products to Internet services, and from a single authorized sales model for office software products to a comprehensive sales model for “Authorization of office software products + Office service subscription + Internet advertising”.
Since the company's transition from the provision of tool products to the application services, the revenue from the authorized use of office software products has been relatively stable, while income from subscriptions to office services has shown a fast-growing trend with the continued growth of paid clients, rising from 11.82 per cent in 2016 to 43.02 per cent in 2019.
More emphasis is placed on service differentiation and differentiation than on the use authorization model for public software products. Thanks to the market influence of corporate products and a large user base, monthly payments are gradually increasing, and user-to-payer conversion rates are increasing.
The use of product functions has gradually shifted to the current "use of product services" where personal cloud files, etc., can foster user development, use habits such as online storage of personal files, maintenance of user stickyness, and user participation in the industry market through fee-based use of services. For existing Internet office users, standards for Internet user conversion rates are used.
Measuring the realization value that these pay-as-you-go users will bring significant economic benefits to office software manufacturers. (Note: The conversion rate is the ratio of the number of current-month pay-out users to the total number of active Wps products) According to questmobile statistics, the Wpsoffice mobile version moved the Internet in China in March 2020
The number of active users in the app month is 26, and there is still a big gap between the top three micro-letters, qq, and payment treasures. We believe that the month Mau was over 900 million, more than three times the Wpsoffice mobile version, and that the company is expected to pay the fees. The number of users has yet to reach the ceiling.
In the medium-to-long term, the fee-paying ratio of the members will gradually increase, with reference to the micro-mau, we assume that the company will have 100 million pay-outs in the future, with reference to the average transaction value of 56.82 dollars for the Wps members in 2018, assuming an increase to $100 in the medium- to long-term, and the company's income will reach 10 billion grades.
On 23 May, the United States Department of Commerce announced the inclusion of Yun in the list of entities and related machines from 33 Chinese enterprises and scientific institutes such as Science and Technology, Kihoo 360 and Harbin Industrial University, following the 15 May restrictions imposed on the supply of Chinese-made chips.
To date, the United States has included 147 of our enterprises in the list of entities, subject to United States export control regulations, i.e., no items subject to the regulations can be obtained without a licence.
Trade sanctions against national enterprises will become more severe, and reducing reliance on upstream United States firms and their core technologies through autonomous innovation by national producers is an essential part of our information technology industry.
As the economy continues to grow and becomes more information-based, the country ' s demand for software security is growing, particularly in priority areas such as government, military, financial, and so on, software security has become an important component of information security, as it relates to national information security. Basic software, such as national production operating systems, databases, intermediates and office software, is missing.
In April 2018, Secretary-General Xi emphasized the need for determination, perseverance, attention, and accelerated technological breakthroughs in the core field of information.
As an important part of the software industry, the backbone of the basic office software industry has grown up in a healthy policy environment and favourable trends, and the industry has become more prominent.
According to the Research Report 2019 on Autonomy Innovation in CyberCredit, the overall level of development of nationally produced office software is relatively weak compared to that of overseas office software, but offices such as wpsoffice have made important breakthroughs in some areas of technology, reaching or even exceeding the level of foreign products of the same kind, with high practicality, low cost, cost, etc.
Country-owned software firms, represented by companies, continue to study user needs, optimize user experiences, and expand the market share of office software desktops through more flexible pricing strategies and more customized and personalized services.
The Wpsofficelinux version, developed by the company itself, has provided comprehensive support to the national production platform and the national production operating system, which, through the continuous improvement of the functionality and performance of the product in recent years, has resulted in a high degree of in-depth adaptation and customization of the product, which has now been extended to a number of major demonstration projects in the country.
Secondary development platforms and secondary development object models compatible with mainstream office products abroad can be integrated into government and enterprise clients ' oa, erp and other application systems and provide secure and reliable desktop office and system integration for organizational clients through the application of authentication, communication encryption, transmission encryption, etc.
According to the offer, the company ' s wpsoffice office software users accounted for the share of the domestic office software market in 2016-2018, respectively, showing a rising trend, far ahead of other domestic office software manufacturers. 4.3 The country-driven industry continues to grow in size.
The products and services of the company, which involve party organs, undertakings and large and medium-sized enterprises, focus on a number of important areas such as finance, aviation, energy sources and construction, including in the China Petroleum and Gas Group, the National Electricity Network Company, the China Bank of Commerce and Industry Ltd., the China South Air Company Ltd. and the China Space Science and Technology Group Corporation.
At the end of March 2019, 120 of the world's 500 largest companies disclosed in Wealth magazine had served 69 companies, representing 57.50% of the country's 96 companies.
The number of clients served reached 82, or 85.41 per cent, and was in the lead among national producers, contributing to the security of information in the country.
Office offers, which have an advantage in prices, are expected to expand their share in the local market for the purchase of hard copy software. Figure 46: Wpsoffice versus the government purchase offer for some of Microsoft's products.
Looking at the opportunities and challenges of innovation from technology, it is calculated that 20 million computers are used by the country ' s party organs, and if all are replaced with wpsoffice products, the cost of software is estimated at $549 million, which will bring in 10,98 million companies that are the leading office software and service providers in the country and whose main clients are party organs, businesses and businesses.
The number of active monthly users of the company’s main products has increased steadily, reaching 447 million as of 31 March 2020. The company’s main operations include: authorization for the use of office software products, and authorization for the use of office software products.
Internet advertising, office service subscriptions, etc., we predict the future of the company based on these three dimensions.
Small and medium-sized institutional clients, usually using a quantitative authorization. For large clients with large software needs, a site authorization approach is used. In 2018-2019, the business grew by 25.14 per cent, Internet advertising promotion services: companies provided a wide range of customers with outreach needs on their clients and web platforms.
Prospectively, by starting up client-end products and starting cover when software is used, popping windows, opening screen pages, promoting client services and products, advertising is determined by location, type and client needs, taking into account that future companies will continue to control the scale of advertising for the next three years in order to balance user experiences.
Office services subscriptions: The business includes, inter alia, the institutional client office service subscription model and the personal user service subscription model. For individual users, the membership is divided into wps members (including super-members) and rice shell members. As the company moves from the provision of tool products to the application service, the business has evolved rapidly over the past few years.
In the long run, the share of income from the main business continued to rise, with the four companies selected for the period 2018-2019, respectively, having been engaged in software products and services-related operations in the domestic stock market, i.e., electronics, alumni networks, Uttar Pradesh, health, etc., and having a significant competitive advantage in the area of their breakdown.
As comparable companies. From a pe valuation perspective, the current value level of companies is significantly higher than the average of four companies. The reason for this may be that companies, as leaders of national-owned office software, driven by product advantages and policies, continue to grow in broad space and with greater certainty and higher expectations in the market.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly in the design development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services. Given the competitive pattern of the industry, the domestic desktop market has evolved rapidly, Microsoft and the company have gained a clear competitive advantage, and Microsoft and the company are competing in the market.
Competing, other manufacturers follow the competitive dynamics of development. With the strong impetus of the overall national information security strategy and the informationization project, firms representing national software firms have grown rapidly and are expected to gradually replace their foreign counterparts, with wide scope for future growth.
In the industry, it is reasonable to use the ps valuation method in view of the current small volume of income, its rapid and long-term nature, its relatively high level of R & D inputs, its wide scope for future growth, and its greater certainty. Market competition increases when other companies are listed to enter the office software market.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.