KIMshan Office (688111): China-United States Billboards, subscriptions to transformation + Cloud Synergy are expected to open up the growth space.
In the "Technology Maurth" series, Microsoft is expected to be the main force in the future. The future cloud office + cloud collaboration model will drive companies to switch to subscriptions, and revenue is expected to enter the fast-growing drive.
Currently, the total number of users of the office 365 enterprise version is increasing significantly each year and is far higher than that of individual users, mainly in wpsoffice office software products and services.
At the same time, the probability of using office software is relative to the availability of wpsoffice office software and the Golden Pyramid.
The higher number of jobs in the various industries will help to increase institutional subscription penetration rapidly. Software products, including generalizations, and based on the assumption of office application landscape development penetration, we measure the size of the market that potential institutions in the country subscribe to over $60 billion.
Various types of office value-added services, one-stop, multiplatform public application solutions, coupled with bg-end revenues of less than $600 million, or only 1 per cent of the market as a whole, for the year 2019.
Local office + clouds help to connect, and gold mountain files help open up the space for growth.
The business is expected to benefit first by optimizing user habits that are expected to change over time in the 52-week stock-priced space scenario, with the opportunity to have an online stand-alone + online co-ordinated office software. This year, the demand for online office space has increased as a result of the epidemic.
The number of monthly active users of the gold mountain file has reached 239 million. Microsoft hosts Google, which combines the gold mountain file for connectivity, while the gold mountain file is a key player in the domestic synergy field, 46,100/7,070
Ali, Tseng, and Hua are partners in the Kimsan office. The circulation b/h unit (millions of units) is expected to be revalued. We find that there are small-scale, fast-growing companies.
The higher ps valuation also shows that the market is more willing to offer valuation premiums to software firms that have a clear industry trend, a large growth space, a strong competitive edge, and a fast-growing income. So we believe that the benefits are domestic innovation, a safe, autonomous push, and that the office is based on expanding domestic users.
Increasing user-paying willingness to move from traditional authorization to subscription patterns will lead to a rapid increase in income, while a strong development of cloud computing plates opens up new opportunities for growth. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: corporate business income has grown steadily over the last three years, and research and development investments are strong.
Focusing on improved product performance and wide market space in the industry, the company is expected to return to the net market from 2020 to 2022 by 257 times, 169 times and 111 times, respectively, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating, resulting in the risk of underperformance: the risk of policy change in the area of autonomous innovation in the country: industrial ecological inputs.
Research Assistant: Wei Zong, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Corporate subscriptions are expected to grow rapidly in the context of the traditional licensing of transformation services, institutional subscriptions enter the fast-growing fast-track, cloud office + cloud collaboration, which facilitates the business transition to a subscription model. The company ' s previous revenue for software services is divided into grant and subscription operations, in which business is mostly corporate and subscription is individual. In 2019, the company achieved an authorized business.
Revenue of $50 million, an increase of 39.4 per cent in the same year, 31.4 per cent in total income, and $680 million in subscriptions, an increase of 73.1 per cent in the same year, especially as a result of the high rate of growth in corporate subscriptions over the years, and the growth in individual subscriptions.
Based on the previous authorization for the use of office software products, the office in Kimshan has introduced an enterprise customer service subscription model, which enables companies to customize their services to clients’ needs on a continuous and targeted basis and to provide office solutions. For clients, subscriptions to office services are somewhat more appropriate than the traditional authorization model in terms of access to a series of customized services that are customized to clients themselves.
In the cloud age, multi-selection packages such as corporate cloud files, corporate cloud templates, corporate cloud collaboration, and document security services will make it easier for institutional clients to use a single product. Under the traditional authorization model, clients can use only one single product and must be reauthorised to add a new function or service, while subscription will change the status quo, and clients can readily receive upgrades or additional modules and continue to receive services.
With high growth in Microsoft office subscriptions, the offices are expected to replicate and catch up with them. Through a Microsoft study of the United States of America, which matches the targets with the offices in Phnom Penh, the revenue growth of Microsoft office software over the past few years has been sustained at high speeds, and the number of users remains low.
In 2011, Microsoft launched a cloud-based office 365, moving the business model from a one-time payment to a demand-based, phased-use model annual financial report, reaching 170 million users at the end of the office 365 enterprise and 40 million users at the end.
According to recent quarterly data, the quarterly rate of growth of users of Enterprise Office 365 has been more than 25%, while the quarterly rate of users of individual home office 365 has also been more than 12%. By contrast, we believe that domestic institutional office subscriptions are still in the pre-boom phase, with revenue increases of less than 365 remaining at more than 30%.
Domestic institutions have a very promising market for subscriptions, and high-priced support for rapid penetration in Mt. We believe that future users of office software will move from traditional authorized to subscription models, while more jobs will be employed in industries with high probability of using office software, which will contribute to a rapid increase in penetration rates. According to the 2019 China Saas Industry Study, over the past three years, manufacturing, finance, Internet and software development, construction and real estate,
China’s basic office software user code stood at 655 million in 2018, according to world statistics. At the same time, based on data from the National Statistical Office, we have analysed the number of jobs in the various subsectors and assumed the proportion of people who can use office software in each sector, and eventually we measured the size of the market to which potential institutions in the country subscribe in excess of 60 billion yuan.
The revenue from authorized operations and institutional subscriptions in 2019 in Golden Hill is less than $600 million, or only 1% of the market. There is much room for growth in the future, and a rapid increase in penetration will result in significant revenue growth for companies.
2. Local office + clouds help to connect, gold mountain files help open up growth space, 2.1 gold mountain documents optimized office scenes, and high monthly activity growth is expected to boost the rate of payment.
The traditional office software is primarily used by firms or individuals to handle jobs and tasks independently at the pc end, and to share the results with you through mail or on-line displays. The task that needs to be performed by multiple people is subject to space, time, which hinders the team, the enterprise, and the quality and efficiency of work, and the demand for online teamwork is increasing.
Plus. We believe that the transformation of the office landscape optimizes user habits that are expected to change over time, and that an online stand-alone + online co-ordinated office software enterprise is better placed to benefit first. According to the Chinese youth newspaper, the People’s University’s Information Analysis and Research Centre and the Interface Business School in early March 20 years have already made a preliminary effort to reach tens of thousands of families in 31 provinces across the country.
An online questionnaire survey was conducted by companies that implemented “on-line office” and eventually recovered a valid questionnaire 2008. The Healthy Work and Business Review published showed that more than 70% of the enterprises surveyed indicated that the digital infrastructure was significant in their response to the epidemic and that the disease would increase their digital input. Of these, 11.5% “plans to reduce the rental of office space and increase the proportion of home-based offices”, and 22.8% “plans to increase the digitization of procurement videoconferences, etc.”
On 19 February, the Ministry of Trade and Communications offered to support the use of cloud computing as a powerful tool to promote the growth of the business: the Shanghai Economic Information Commission mobilized some of the cloud service providers to open up cloud services free of charge.
A high subsidy of $8 million supports new models for business development of new products: the Beijing Commission of Information proposed that enterprises seriously affected by the epidemic purchase designated services such as telecommuting, videoconferencing, legal advice, online testing and online marketing, with a subsidy of up to 50 per cent of the contract value per enterprise, up to a maximum of $200,000.
In the past few years, through wps, the office has experienced a rapid increase in share and income, and has developed good user habits, which have been affected by the epidemic this year, and the demand for online office has grown significantly, which has benefited the gold mountain file product. The document is a document editing product that focuses on online collaboration among many people, and users can access it online, as well as all kinds of it.
Third-party collaboration, editing and collaboration. By the end of 2019, the number of monthly active users of the gold mountain file reached 67 million.
As of 2 March 2020, the number of monthly active users of the gold mountain file had reached 239 million (no monthly active users of other products were weighed), the number of daily activities of online editors had increased more than 6.5 times as at 27 February 2020, the number of daily activities on forms had increased about 27 times, and the number of days spent on long-distance meetings had increased 177 times.
Figure 6: Daily growth of the online editor of the gold mountain file
The global collage market is expected to reach $30 billion, and the Chinese market is growing rapidly. According to the latest report of Global Market Insight (Global Market Insights, gmi), the market for collaborative software has surpassed $9 billion in 2019 and is expected to reach $30 billion in 2026. The overall scale has grown rapidly to $23.4 billion a year, with a compound growth rate of up to 27.8 per cent.
Figure 7: Global Synthetic Software Markets in 2026 will reach $30 billion, online document collaboration against googledocs, document meeting system against signzoom. Based on the functionality and application of the gold mountain document, we believe that its main function, "online document collaboration" can be matched against Googledocs in the Gsuite office package under the United States Google flag.
In 2019, Google reached $8.92 billion in operating income in 2019, an increase of 52.8 per cent, or about 5.5 per cent of Google's total. Google's revenues came mainly from three sources: Google Cloud Platform (gcp), gsuite office packages, and other corporate cloud services.
The main business of the cloud video service provider is to provide cloud videoconferencing solutions for business clients, integrate mobile collaboration systems, multiple cloud video interactive systems, online meeting systems, and create easy-to-use one-stop audio video interactives for users, a data-sharing technology service platform for videoconferencing systems and solutions.
E.T.I.E.L.E.L.R.E.S.I.S.S.
Microsoft hosts Google, which is both connected and connected. msoffice and googledocs are the two main global office software products, Microsoft is more advantaged by office software, Google is more advantaged by cloud synergies, and users use different products in different settings. Kimsan files are more comprehensive than others, and they also provide a wpsoffice package to meet basic office needs, and they provide online reading,
Ali, Tseng, and Hwa are partners in the office in Phnom Penh, where the offices and services run by these companies use the inner core of the document. For example, the document collaboration at the conference was based on the gold mountain document collaboration.
And China’s documentation service for Welinink is also a relevant inner core. Internet companies place greater emphasis on synergy, with Kimshan having both a business package and a self-contained gold cloud, making it even more evident that the coordinated gold files are working with domestic and international Internet giants, pk.
At the time of valuation, the market space, business model, growth and competitiveness of the Saas company would need to be considered together. Good Saas companies would enjoy a higher market sales rate valuation.
Market sales rates are valued because of the enterprise’s life cycle. Any enterprise will experience a period of import, long-term, maturity, and recession. Saas will have a stable level of income and profitability when it matures. But, in the long term, it can only see high income growth and little profit.
From the above table, we can see that small-sized and fast-growing companies have higher Ps valuations, which also suggests that the market is more willing to offer valuation premiums to software firms that have clear industry trends, large growth spaces, strong competitive edges, and fast-growing incomes. So, we believe, the home-grown innovation, security, and self-controllable push, with the office increasing user payouts based on expanding domestic users.
From the point of view of the US-China comparison, we believe that Kimshan's office has its own remarkable advantages over its overseas competitors, and that it is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Eung Xing Securities Depth Report, Kim Shan Office (688111): China-US bid, subscription to the transition + Cloud Synergy promising to open up the growth space — the “Technology Powder” series bis, and the conditions for sustained and high growth due to their small income levels, are still undervalued and are expected to be valued in the future
Profit forecasts and corporate valuation Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: corporate business earnings have increased steadily over the last three years, R & D inputs have been strong, product performance has been focused, industry markets are wide-ranging, and the net return profits of companies are expected to be 518/798/1205 million yuan in 2020-2022, corresponding to ps, respectively
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Wang Jianhui, a team of the East Hing securities computer team organized a team focused on research in the fields of cloud computing, information network security, medical informatics, industrial software, ai big data, car networking, 5g applications, financial science and technology, and digital money.
Chen Woo-chul Retail, ott, etc. High Growth Area.
Chen Xiaobo is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
E.T.I.E.L.E.L.R.E.S.I.S.S.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.