Negative growth! Poor growth, but the stock price has risen all the way! Is this the industry asking you? On 31 October, the company issued its three-quarter report of 2019 — as of the third quarter, it achieved business income of $38,084 million, or a growth of -2.51 per cent; net profit of $17,843 million, or a growth of —0.48 per cent;
Although performance growth is not bright enough or even declining, since 2019, the above-certified index has fluctuated significantly, while it is the only listed company with the top 20 shares in 2018 (a) that did not fall and recorded an increase (5.9%) throughout the year.
It can be said that it's a non-cyclical species, with beta values, and it's the only beta value it has on the big plate, the global hydroelectric dragon, the Yangtze Power. Of the 10 largest hydroelectric plants in the world, it includes two of its top three gorges, and third in the stream. 2018.
It produces 215,482 million kilowatt-hours, while the country's second-largest hydroelectric tap energy generating less than half of its 81,722 million kilowatt-hours in the same year.
In terms of the quality of growth — operating income increased by -2.51 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, with a six-month-on-year decline, mainly due to the relative stability of electricity prices, water was lost in the last three quarters, electricity generation increased in the first three quarters. Depreciation of fixed assets expired and depreciation costs decreased, resulting in a 7.63 per cent decrease in operating costs, which was greater than the decline in income.
In terms of operating capital – a relatively small share of operating capital for Yangtze power – the overall impact has been modest. In terms of institutional holdings – Hong Kong’s middle- and upper-quarterly 10 shareholders declined in the first half of the 2019’s, energy investment in Yunnan Province and energy investment in Sichuan Province.
To summarize this three-quarterly report, which is influenced by the availability of water, performance is low, but profitability is strong. Now, after the release of the three-quarterly report, before the financial model is updated, we have to think about a few questions: 1) What are the three-quarterly reports of the Yangtze Power that are worth analysing?
How will this affect the financial modelling? ) In October, the Yangtze Electricity Bulletin proposed the acquisition of Peruvian electricity distribution assets. How is this going to affect its performance and valuation? 3.) This time, according to the newer valuation of the three-quarters of 2019, what is the area and what is the costier or cheaper than the previous data?
Today, we're doing an in-depth modelling analysis using Yangtze power. For utility tracks, we've studied Hong Kong lights, port irons, medium power holdings, Chinese gas, blue environment, innermont, Shanghai Airport, etc., and we can scan the two-dimensional code at the end of the document, buy "core product one: a professional version of the report."
According to the three-quarterly report, we need to update the valuation assumptions with the following: 1) the rate of revenue increase - in this report, we are based on the actual amount of electricity generated in the previous three quarters (by Yangtze).
South-West securities, based on three quarterly reports, projected revenue growth over the next three years is estimated to be 3) capital expenditure assumptions - based on three-quarterly data on electricity generation and capital expenditure, which can be calculated for the first three years of 2019.
The quarterly ratio factor is about 1.1 per cent, slightly higher than our assumption (0.60 per cent), but due to uncertainty about the timing of the capital expenditure plan and the possibility of increasing this expenditure in the fourth quarter, we maintain for the time being the remaining assumptions — Māori rates, cost rates and operating capital assumptions — without significant changes, until then
5) Merger and Purchase of Peruvian Assets - In addition, in the present report, we have made a simple valuation of the Peruvian asset lds, which is proposed to be acquired by the Yangtze Power, which, according to our projections ($3.59 billion) is higher than the value of lds itself ($1,661 million), but considering that Ids has a small body capacity and is expected to be of value in the present case
Here, with the updated modelling report and the data-adjusted Excel table, you can compare the update with the previous data in some detail and in some depth -- according to the three-quarterly report, what minor changes have occurred in the basics? How will these subtle change factors affect the intrinsic value?
In 2003, Yangjiang electricity was placed on the market, with shareholders in China's Yangjiang Three Gorge Group Ltd., with a share ratio Hong Kong's Central Clearinghouse and a decline in energy investment in Yunnan Province and Sichuan Province, whose main business is the sale of electricity produced by hydroelectric power plants and currently owns four power stations: the Three Gorges Hydropower Station and the Goose.
In the last three years, the dam power station, the River River power station, and the dam power station have grown at a compound rate of 2.30 per cent and the net profit compound at a rate of 3.99 per cent, which is much worse than many of the growth shares of the current business. In terms of the operating income structure, electricity sales are the core business, nearly three.
The industrial chain in the electricity sector is as follows: (2) The middle-stream is mainly power-generating, which can be divided into hydropower, fire power, nuclear power, wind power, solar power generation, with large variations in the Māori rates of the different race paths, such as in the case of the Yangtze main power camp, gross.
Interest rates range from about 60 per cent to about 16 per cent for main-fired main-hull power generation, and about 16 per cent for Māori; 3) downstream, mainly power grids, as well as electricity users, given that our national grid company is not listed here, reference is made to the Māori rate of the British national grid (about 22 per cent).
Specifically, in this case, the top five vendors accounted for 19.12 per cent of annual purchases, the top five clients for 100 per cent of annual sales, and the sales were more concentrated, in the balance sheet structure — for example, in 2018, the total electricity assets of Yangjie were 295.5 billion.
In descending order of magnitude, the asset share is fixed assets (81%), long-term equity investments are very high, and the financial cost ratio far exceeds management costs and sales costs. This is directly related to the construction attributes of the hydroelectric plant — “high cost + long cycle”, for example, the three gorges.
The total investment was over 200 billion yuan, starting with construction in 1994 and power generation in 2003 and the completion of all generators in 2012, which took 19 years, while the Yangtze power plant had four hydroelectric plants, with a correspondingly high share of fixed assets and very high capital expenditure.
It cannot be covered with its own funds and requires borrowing, so its annual financial costs are very high. Thus, “high fixed assets + high financial costs” are characteristic of the whole hydropower industry and are also the focus of modelling the hydropower sector. For example:
1) Powerful hydropower - the main business is the construction and management of water and electricity projects in the Lantern River Basin in Yunnan Province, with hydroelectric plants such as Little Bay and Zadha, which have installed capacity of 2120.88 million kWh, with 81,722 million kWh of electricity generated in 2018, and 75.32 per cent of the total fixed assets.
The financial cost as a share of sales income is 26.2 per cent (interest on capitalization is not considered for the time being). 2) The state invests electricity — mainly hydropower, which holds 52 per cent of the Yagi River hydroelectric power, is the main producer of hydroelectric development in the Yagi River basin, with a capacity of 1,672,000 kW in 2018.
Its holding enterprises have cumulatively completed 151,664 million kilowatt hours of electricity generation, with fixed assets accounting for 63.79 per cent of total assets and financial costs accounting for 12.37 per cent of income (interest on capitalization is not considered for the time being). 3) The main business is the development and management of hydroelectric power plants, fire power plants and transmission projects.
It is based on the development of the Red Water Basin, with a capacity of 102,276 kilowatts (kW) of hydroelectric capacity and 38,370 million kWh in 2018, with fixed assets accounting for 80,29 per cent of total assets and financial fees accounting for 12.44 per cent of sales income (interest on capitalization is not considered for the time being).
Back to this case, let's look at a basic set of data. Figure: Comparison of net profit cash flows (in billions of dollars) \mathbf{v}
The data, the amount of information, and the core question that needs to be considered after reading the basic data mentioned above, is -- if we want to model the case, what should we start with? The first step in modelling is to make income projections, and it is evident from the structure of the income that hydropower is the primary factor.
The power-generating principle of hydroelectric plants is simply that when the high water flows to the low, it flows to the water turbines through the water pipeline, allowing the water pressure to drive the water turbine to turn the gravity of the water into mechanical energy, which is then converted into electrical power by the power generation unit.[1]
Thus, the amount of electricity generated by hydroelectric plants is determined by two factors, namely, the installed capacity and the use of small hours. The use of hours reflects the efficiency of power generation in the plants, which is divided into installed capacity.
This consumption is generally expressed in terms of electricity consumption, and the income generated by hydroelectric plants is equal to the amount of Internet access and the multiplier of electricity prices, i.e., income = the amount of Internet access*, which is affected by the amount of electricity generated and the rate of electricity consumption, so:
Revenue = load* utilizes hours* (1-to-use rates) * electricity prices * + synergic movement synergies: note here that the amount of electricity generated, based on the load, the number of hours used, as disclosed in the Yangtze annual electricity report for the last three years, is higher than the amount of electricity generated by it, with a certain margin of computational error, while calculating the amount of electricity generated/actually distributed
The proportion of electricity is stable, ranging from 1.058 to 1.065, so we need to add an adjustment factor to this formula and change the formula to: Income = [number of installed * hours used* (1-to-use * electricity prices + synergism of elevator movement]/adjustment system
From the calculation formula, there are five income variables. Let's look at the core variables that affect the value of Yangtze power. First, core factor one: the rate of electricity consumption (power consumption by the hydroelectric plant itself, as a percentage of total electricity generation).
The power supply rate at the Yangtze power station was 0.08 per cent, while at the Yangtze power station, it increased slightly from 0.13 per cent in 2016 to 0.16 per cent in the Goose Dam; at the River Creek power station, it rose from 0.13 per cent in 2016 to 0.14 per cent in 2017, and remained unchanged thereafter; and at the domestic dam, it remained at 0.06 per cent.
As can be seen, the four hydroelectric power plants in the Yangtze River power supply have a relatively average electricity use rate of less than 0.2 per cent, with little impact on the income as a whole. Therefore, we make a reasonable assumption that each hydroelectric power station will use an average of three years each thereafter, with the three gorges (0.08 per cent), the Goji dam (0.14 per cent), the streaming dam (0.13 per cent) and the home dam (0.06 per cent).
Since the three-quarterly report did not disclose the relevant information, the assumption remains unchanged. In terms of the power consumption rate, see core factor two: the number of hours used.
Using hours — in the case of three gorges, 4541 hours in 2018, it is noted that there are a total of 8760 hours a year, with about 52 per cent of hours used, is this a percentage that can be raised or even close to 100 per cent? There are two possibilities for limiting the increase in the number of hours used: 1) there is insufficient demand.
These two possibilities, one by one, look at the likelihood of inadequate demand. Hydropower has a clear advantage in terms of cost, as compared to fire power, other clean energy sources.
MEW/dry wt.), nuclear power (approximately 0.128 kWh/dry wt.). [2] Costs are passed down to prices, resulting in electricity prices on the Internet for water and electricity, which are also much lower than for electricity from fire and other clean energy sources, and hydropower is a clean and renewable energy source, in accordance with the Opinion on the Implementation of the Plan for the Orderly Release and Development of Electricity,
Priority is given to ensuring access to clean energy sources, such as hydropower, and to the delivery of clean energy sources, in the context of ensuring the safety of the electricity supply; in accordance with the Circular on the orderly discharge and development of electricity programmes at the regulatory level, priority is given to ensuring access to large-scale electricity in the national plan, with priority given to electricity generation programmes.
Not less than the actual level of the previous year or the average of the years.[2] Thus, under the policy umbrella, the market for electricity and water is not worried, the restrictions may only occur in the case of water shortages, and the access rate here is not affected by the marketization of electricity prices, because of hydropower.
Cost is much lower than that of electricity, for example, in 2018, with 97.9 per cent of the main business income in the fire and electricity sector and 78.1 per cent of the main business income in the utilities sector; thus, in the context of electricity marketization, utilities can take price reduction measures if the electricity market is competitive.
Hydropower is measured by using the parameter of hours. The number of hours used will rise as a result of the increase in water volume, but there is no continuing trend in real terms, given that the river flows from the Yangtze River are affected by climate and are not controlled by man, for example, with the water coming from the three gorge reservoirs of the Yangtze River, which is growing at a rate of around 20 per cent.
On top, we look at the historical hours of the four hydroelectric plants, and we can also see that the data is very smooth. Figure: The water coming from the three gorge reservoirs and the speed of the increase, so here we move away from the scenario analysis in the original model, and no longer distinguish the three scenarios, but direct fakes.
The average number of hours spent per hydropower station is nearly three years. In quarterly updates, we update data for the period in which they occurred, but during the rest of the projection period hours are still used to maintain the historical three-year average.
The amount of electricity generated, updated to the amount actually disclosed, and the second half of the year, which is still based on the number of hours we used as assumed, is affected by the reduction in the amount of water coming from the three quarters of the Yangtze River and the three gorge reservoirs, which were 74,833 million kWh in the third quarter, a decrease of 9.61 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year.
The first three quarters generated 16,222 million kilowatt-hours, a decrease of 2.37 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, which directly led to a decrease of 2.51 per cent in operating income in the previous three quarters.
Four quarters of electricity generation is still calculated using our projected hours of use, with an updated forecast of 21,292.7 million kilowatt hours, which is 1.18% higher than what we predicted at the time of our first coverage. Then let's look at core factor three: Can the installed capacity be upgraded?
Is there a ceiling? Answer: M&A. Yangjia electricity revenues doubled in 2010 and 2016, actually because of the acquisition of new hydroelectric plants and the upgrading of installed capacity.
For the total load, let's look at the current hydroelectric plants being built by the tri-gorge group: mainly two, the U.T.D. and the White Crane Beach power stations are expected to be completed by the end of 2021 and the end of 2022, respectively.
With a capacity of 10.2 million kilowatts and a capacity of 16 million kilowatts at the White Crane Beach power station, the capacity of these two plants is 57.6 per cent of the current capacity.
The total number of installed aircraft is limited by the volume of water resources, with 542 million kilowatts of hydro-energy technology being developed in 2017, with a capacity of 341 million kilowatts, or 63 per cent, which is more than half.
The power of development of the “thirteen” hydroelectric bases has been divided so that the Yangtze power can be developed only in the upper Qingsha River and Yangtze River. Thus, for Yangtze electricity, the upper limit is the limit on installed capacity in the upper Qing Sha River and the upper Yangtze River.
The data here speak for the total planned installed capacity of 720.9 million kW at the Kinshasa River hydroelectric base, which is now completed with 6489 kW (3072 + 3417) in construction and 2521.5 + 213 + 176 kW in upper Yangtze, which is more than the planned installed capacity.
\blacksquare shows that the income growth in this case is divided into two perspectives: 1) From a long-term perspective, the loading capacity of the German and White Crane Beach hydroelectric plants is combined, but the merger is a one-time event, and it is extremely difficult for non-internals to ascertain it.
Cuts the information so that we cannot accurately predict the timing and probability of M & As. Moreover, when M & As does not occur, it affects only market expectations and not the intrinsic value, so when later reports are updated, we no longer consider M & As in the model.
Now, look at the core factor four: stairwelling. For example, if the three gorges are expected to come to water more than all the units of the station, they can pre-position some of the water through the brooklow reservoir, and when the three gorges come down, the upstream reservoirs can be released.
By blocking the amount of water stored, and allowing as much water as possible to flow through the fleet, the efficiency of the ladder power plant will be increased. Through the stairwell movement, the increase in power generation in the Yangtze River was more stable in 2016 by 9.9 billion kilowatt-hours, in 2017 by 9.6 billion kilowatt-hours, and in 2018 by 9.93 billion kilowatt-hours.
Theoretically, the greater the size of the total reservoir, the greater the size and control of the power company, the higher the accuracy of its water forecasts. So, if Utund, White Crane, two hydroelectric plants were built and integrated into Yangtze power, the benefits of the ladder movement would increase.
As the contribution to revenue is stable without considering mergers and acquisitions, here we no longer have a step-by-step scenario scenario, with the updated assumption that future step-by-step incremental power generation will remain at the same historical level. According to the three-quarterly report, Yangtze power does not disclose the data, and the original scenario remains unchanged.
An important core factor – the price of electricity – remains in the formula (income = the number of hours * (1-to-use * the price of electricity + the gradient) which was analysed here. In 2019, the variable that had a significant impact on the entire electricity market was the liberalization of the country’s operational electricity users to generate electricity.
The plan, which means that the electricity market reform is deepening, unlike the previous regulatory system for setting the price of electricity on the Internet, where electricity prices change with the fluctuations in supply and demand, so in this update we focus on changes in the price of electricity.
Previously, we looked at the electricity market in the Australian market as we looked at the Australian business in power holding. In this update, we look for long-term certainty in electricity and electricity prices by collating the electricity market reforms of developed countries, usa, Britain, and Japan.
1)usa - Step one: Unlocking the power supply, the Public Utilities Control Policy Act of 1978, which requires utility electricity companies to purchase electricity from non-utilitarian power companies that use waste heat, renewable energy technologies to generate electricity, and only utility electricity companies were able to produce electricity before the bill was introduced; step two, 1996
(b) United Kingdom - Step one, privatization of State-owned enterprises, which was reformed in 1990 to restructure the Central Power Authority; step two, separation of the network; step three, establishment of a power bank (equivalent to a power trading centre)
In the fourth step, unsale the end, the user can choose to buy from different retailers. But note that in the fourth step, the opening of the end is gradual, starting with 5,000 large users of electricity, who can choose to buy from different retailers.
Electricity, followed by 45,000 secondary-level users, followed by the remaining civilian users. 2) Japan - Step one, untie the power supply end, amended the Electrical Utilities Act in 1995 to relax the area control of electricity generation and allow power plants to enter the market (when the main form of the electricity industry in Japan was distribution and distribution).
A vertically integrated General Electric Company (GSC); step two, unpluggling the electrical end, amended in 1999 and 2003 to amend the Electrical Establishment Act, mainly in the direction of easing the regulation of the sale of electricity, introducing a specific scale of electricity companies (i.e., electricity retail companies), allowing users to choose a power supplier; step three, establishing electricity.
Power Exchanges. In summary, the sequence of changes in electricity marketization in developed countries is not exactly the same, but the approximate steps are very close and can be summarized as: plant grid separation, open power supply, establishment of a national power trading centre, freeing companies from the end, freeing the entire end of the power supply, and so on.
The history of electricity market-based reforms in our country is now more similar to that in the United Kingdom: 1) between 1988 and 2011, we undertook a stand-alone reform of power generation enterprises; 2) in 2002, the authorities introduced 5 documents on the reform of the electricity system, separating the network of plants;
3) In 2015, a formal market-based reform led to the establishment of two power trading centres in Beijing and Guangzhou, with the participation of the main players in the electricity trade, including power-generating enterprises, companies that sell electricity, individual users, etc., which can be traded directly with individual users;
(4) In 2018, four major industries, coal, iron and steel, colour and building materials, could be involved in marketized transactions; (5) In 2019, the Commission issued a Circular on the Programme for the Full Liberalization of Electricity Use by Users of Operational Electricity, which operates electricity users (with the exception of residents, agriculture, vital utilities and public utility services).
At the end of September 2019, following a regular national meeting held at the end of September 2019, it was decided that coal-fired power generation that had not yet been traded on the market would be eliminated from 2020.
The price of the grid will be changed to a market-based mechanism for “base price plus up-and-down” and the base price will be set at 10 per cent above and 15 per cent above the current price of the coal-fired power poles in each location, while requiring that the next year be set aside to ensure that the average average price of electricity for the general business sector is limited.
As can be seen from the new policy, the process of marketization has accelerated further, and we expect it to be (1) in the short term, the next reform process could be the establishment of better trading centres to address the problem of supply and demand mismatches. This is because the distribution of electricity supply and demand in the country is not matched by electricity and electricity.
Most of them are concentrated in areas such as Yun Guichua, where electricity is concentrated in coal provinces, Shanxi, Shanxi, and Inner Mongolia, while secondary industries that use electricity, such as manufacturing, are concentrated in long triangles, bead triangles, etc. (2) In the long run, electricity sales will become more relaxed, starting with operational electricity users.
This is also closer to the reality in the country, where the secondary sector used 47,235 billion kilowatt-hours in 2018, of which 46,456 million kilowatt-hours were consumed by industry, representing 67.87 per cent of the total annual electricity use.
Answer: Electricity prices, presumably, tend to fall first and then rise. First, look first at the reason for the drop: when the national electricity market fails to form, resources are better given because of the imbalance between local power supply and demand.
In Guangxi, for example, where hydropower resources are abundant, the share of electricity sold on the main grid increased from 14.1 per cent in 2016 to 41.3 per cent in 2018, and market-driven electricity prices fell, cumulatively reducing the cost of electricity to enterprises by more than 15 billion yuan.
So, before the national electricity market could be formed, there might be some downward pressure on hydropower prices if the industrial landscape continued to be depressed. Of course, here's only the possibility that we would be cautious when assuming that, by pushing backwards, we would be able to derive an average increase of about 1% in electricity in the first half of the year.
First, with the formation of a national electricity market, the problem of regional oversupply can be achieved by consuming excess electricity across provinces. Second, and especially crucial, the cost of electricity and water is much lower than the current major power supply mode (coal combustion, coal combustion).
The raw materials for hydropower are water, and their own financial costs are very low, and they do not need to consume energy sources like fire power. There are no volatile features like wind power, light voltage.
The Māori rate for energy generation is around 11.3%. Compared to the Internet prices obtained from the National Energy Agency, the cost of electricity for electricity and water is RMB 258.93/MWh (2017), while the price of electricity for electricity is RMB 371.65/MWh (2017), from the point of view of an enterprise, even if it raises the price properly, the price for electricity and water is higher.
The cost of electricity in the industry is still lower than in other forms of electricity. Thus, in the case of nationalization of the trade and marketing of prices, the price of electricity and water is theoretically anchored in the fire.
In the light of these logics, Merger and Purchasing makes reasonable assumptions about the price of electricity, which may lead to a downward pressure on the price of electricity in the Yangtze River, when the national electricity trading market is formed, the cost advantage can support the price increase:
Step one, determination of the price conversion node - in accordance with the guidelines of the regulatory hierarchy, to achieve a partial provincial/municipal connection in the country by 2020, with some of these connections expected to take about two years (second half of 18 to 2020), but considering that the connection here is still some distance from national marketized transactions, we refer to comparable developed countries.
Experience has shown that Japan has been able to move from free sales to a national exchange for about five years, i.e., 2023, to the current national trading market, and we assume that 2023 is the year in which the price of electricity changes. Step two, assuming the price of electricity – the node of roughly determining the price of electricity conversion – here we are conservative and neutral.
Given the difficulty of predicting the future price of Yangtze electricity in three scenarios: sex, and optimism, we can only look carefully for a possible data based on multiple logical tests. 1) Conservative scenarios - until 2023, Merger and Purchasing assumed that the price of Yangtze would be unevenly distributed between supply and demand.
The logic of this assumption is that, despite the mismatch between supply and demand, the per capita increase in electricity consumption in the country (8.09 per cent in 2018, down from 2017, but still the second highest in nearly seven years) remains on the upward trend, and even if demand is worse, it will not be less than after the bottom of the financial markets in 2009.
Moreover, on the basis of the above calculations, assuming that the marketation of electricity prices is completed after 10 years, the annual report reveals that the average price of electricity on the Internet is $418.48/MWh, measured at its Māori rate of 11.3 per cent, the price base logic is the same, but after conversion, taking into account the large difference in the cost of electricity generation between hydropower and electricity,
There is a possibility of prioritizing hydropower resources to designated groups (e.g. industrial support areas), so we faked that, after 2023, while hydropower prices could recover, they would only rise at a flat rate to the current level. (3) The optimistic scenario — before 2023, we assumed that the price of electricity from Yangtze would be unevenly distributed between supply and demand.
In 2023, it fell to its 2009 level, 245 yuan/megawatt hours, and after 2023, prices gradually rose to the total cost of fire power (cost + cost).
Electricity needs to be fully returned to commodity properties; as a result of the complete homogenization of electricity products, the price of the Yangtze electric power can rise to the cost of fire power, i.e., the ceiling price that can be reached while meeting 100% access. If this price is exceeded, sales will be consumed by other types of electricity generation.
The average cost of thermal power generation is estimated at RMB 295/MW hours and the formula 352.37/1.13*94.6 per cent (1.13 is the removal of VAT effects) is calculated as a ratio of the cost of the fire power industry to the main operating income for the same period (94.60 per cent).
In addition, the price of 2016 was chosen because of the increasing marketization in the later years and the fact that electricity prices were more directly affected by supply and demand, and because of cautious considerations, the price of electricity markets was chosen for 2016, where the income scenario was largely completed, but note that the above calculation is tax-bearing.
On the other hand, the profit table presents tax-free income, on the basis of which we adjust to remove tax causes, with the following income assumptions: the income assumptions that are essential for the valuation model were finally analysed — but look at them.
You may have questions about the logic, whether it makes sense, or not, to cross-judgment in a number of other ways. 1) Through the historical relationship between the three-quarters and the annual reports, the income growth rate in 2019 was reversed.
The M & As thus assumes that if there is no accident in the fourth quarter, the revenue in the first three quarters of 2019 could be reversed by 75.90 per cent.
The Yangtze River is sufficiently sustainable. 3) The internal rate of increase - due to a more stable distribution of electricity, the desired growth rate formula is used here: The internal rate of increase = net asset return* (1-point red rate). Its historical average red rate is around
Taking into account the impact of short-term marketization of electricity prices on their electricity prices, when revenues are settled, and before predicting costs, look at the possible impact on performance and valuation of a merger or takeover announced at the end of September in this case?
On 30 September 2019, the Yangtze Power announced a purchase price of $3.59 billion. 83.64 per cent of the shares of the Peruvian lds company were acquired, and the impact of the acquisition was seen through a simple valuation of lds (ddm law).
Peru began market-based reforms in 1992, breaking down the old state-owned monopolistic model and dividing the electricity sector into power generation, transmission and distribution. Of these, the electricity generation market is a competitive market, the power plant is controlled by the Peruvian Electricity Control Agency (coes), which announces the power plant to Coes every hour.
Operating costs, waiting times, etc. The distribution chain is still regulated by the government, with rates of return being regulated by the government (currently no specific definition of rates of return has been found, but based on a previous study of medium-power holdings, the rate of return is likely to be in the range of roa), and the rate of return may not be adjusted at more than 2%.
The company is listed on the Lima Stock Exchange and is currently the Peruvian flagship power company, which operates power distribution operations in the metropolitan area of Lima, Peru, accounting for approximately 28 per cent of Peru’s national market share. Its operations include three units: electricity distribution, electricity generation, and real estate development and leasing, of which electricity distribution is its main business, nearly five.
Well, with a simple understanding of Peru’s electricity market and lds, how to value it. Considering the ids’ stability, here we use ddm as a simple forecast.
The variables to be used include: 1) net interest rate and red rate; 2) income growth rate. Focus on how to predict the revenue growth rate of lds.
The share of electricity sales is extremely high, considering that prices are regulated in both quantities and prices, and it is difficult to predict accurately.
Per capita electricity use in Peru is 512.64 kilowatt-hours per capita in 1993, with a compound growth rate of 4.74 per cent. And for other countries: according to our calculations, per capita electricity use in Europe was 4514.60 kilowatt-hours in 2016.
U.S. per capita electricity consumption was 1155.45 kWh, Japan per capita electricity consumption was 7386.18 kWh, and per capita electricity consumption was 3934.75 kWh, compared to a global average of 2935.75 kWh. Overall, per capita electricity consumption in Peru is not a very high level and still exists.
To develop space, but given some uncertainty in developing countries, we have tended to be cautious in implementing the hypothesis, assuming that, after 20 years, per capita electricity use in Peru would reach the world average water level in 2016 — 2935.75 kWh, with an annual compound growth rate of approximately 3.46 per cent.
Fragmentation? We test it with gdp, where there is a positive correlation between electricity use and gdp, which, according to the measurements, is 0.79 for the global electricity increase and the actual global gdp increase, so here we judge by Peru's actual gdp increase whether our hypothetical increase is reasonable.
In Peru, the real gdp growth rate in 2018 was 3.98 per cent, with an average annual increase of about 3.22 per cent over the past five years, and we assumed that the electricity increase was 3.46 per cent and that the actual gdp increase in Peru was closer.
Approximately $1.661 billion is lower than its current market value (approximately $3.4 billion) and the value of the basic purchase price of the Yangtze electricity ($3.59 billion). The difference may be due to: 1) the announcement of the M & A announcement in the Yangtze electricity, where the share price of Ids has increased by almost 50 per cent to date, and the pre-acquisition share of Ids.
(b) In the calculation of the discount rate, we considered the national risk premium for Peru (1.67 per cent), which resulted in the share 3 not considering the possible synergies of M & As - expected to result from the purchase of lds according to its bulletin
The generation and distribution of electricity can be combined with the local hydroelectric projects of its parent company, the Tri-Firth Group, in Peru, which should reduce the risk of investment abroad as a whole. If the above-mentioned acquisitions are successfully completed, Ids are expected to earn approximately 6,983 million people in 2020.
For example, the Yangtze Company is characterized by a higher proportion of depreciation as a percentage of operating costs, for example, the Yangtze Power Depreciation as a percentage of electricity.
That's about 45%. So we split the operating costs into two parts, partly depreciated and partly other operating costs. 1) Let's look first at other operating costs assumptions.
From 2016 to 2018, the share of the depreciated main business costs as a percentage of the principal business income (2.52 per cent). According to the semi-annual report, the share of the turnover tax and the surcharge as a share of the principal business income was from 2016 to 2018, and the share of the sales costs (depreciated) as a share of the principal business income, respectively.
At 0.02 per cent, 0.04 per cent and 0.05 per cent, there was a slight increase, and here we assume that the share of the revenue from the late Yangtze power business was 0.04 per cent, which is not so different from our assumptions, and we maintain the previous assumptions.
1.35 per cent, 1.27 per cent, with minor variations, and here we assume that later Yangtze power will be maintained in 2018 (1.27 per cent) and that, according to the semi-annual report, the ratio of management costs (depreciated) to income from the main battalion operations is 1.13 per cent, which is not significantly different from our assumption, which is maintained here.
Since there is no disclosure of such data as depreciation in the three-quarterly report, and taking into account that the above cost changes are not significant, after the conclusion of several assumptions to maintain the original profit statement, we look at the significant impact on the profit statement and the balance sheet — the depreciation.
The depreciation forecast for this case is divided into two parts, one for fixed assets that existed at the end of 2018, and the other for fixed assets that have been added since 2018. We look first at the depreciation policy for Yangtze electricity and compare it with comparable companies to determine depreciation for Yangtze electricity.
Yangtze power is depreciated using the averaging of years, with a residual value of 0.3 per cent -- here, we are careful to assume that its residual value is equal to the depreciation rate of 0 per cent using Yangtze. The depreciation rate for blockage constructions is about 2.26 per cent, and the depreciation age is 1.2.26 per cent, i.e. 44 years; fixed assets (with the exception of water).
The depreciation period of construction is generally around 50 years, compared to comparable companies, and the depreciation of electricity in the country is 50 years. Taken together, the depreciation policy of Yangtze power is cautious and in the middle of the industry -- and then we split up the different fixed assets of Yangtze power and calculate their depreciation separately.
How to calculate conservative, neutral scenario depreciation? First, to look at existing fixed assets, whose fixed assets consist mainly of: water-blocking buildings, houses and buildings, machinery and equipment, means of transport, electronics and other equipment.
In 2018, for example, the book value of the fixed assets was $237.9 billion and the book value of the blockage building was $1148.
The old rate has also been around 2.26 per cent. Fixed assets (water-shielded buildings) and water-shielded buildings are similarly subject to a relatively smooth depreciation during the period, but there is a slight downward trend in depreciation rates and depreciation amounts, which is also more in line with the actual rules - as depreciation continues to occur, fixed assets will be fully depreciated and therefore fixed assets on the book.
There will be a gradual decrease in the corresponding depreciation, which, according to the semi-annual report, was $6,062 million in the first half of 2019, allowing for the introduction of Yangtze electricity throughout 2019, based on the historical share of six months of depreciation (49.96 per cent).
The forecast does not differ much, so the previous assumption is maintained here. The three-quarters report does not disclose the relevant data. In addition to the depreciation of the fixed assets held above, there is also the depreciation of the second part, that is, the depreciation of the additional fixed capital product. Here, as we no longer consider the M & A factor, the additional fixed capital here.
Production only includes maintenance capital expenditure. Previously, we used capital expenditure/(fixed assets + construction) to forecast capital expenditure, but given the increase in maintenance capital expenditure, which is more relevant to the volume of electricity generated, the M & As is here.
Adjustments were made to the calculation methodology to forecast capital expenditures based on the ratio of capital expenditures/power generation. The lower ratio in 2016 was due to current M&As rather than fixed asset purchases, so I can calculate this ratio factor for the first three quarters of 2019, based on data on electricity generation and capital expenditure for the third quarter of the year.
A rate of 1.1 per cent, slightly higher than our assumption, but due to uncertainty about the timing of the capital expenditure plan, we maintain the assumption for the time being.
After processing the above data, there is a large number of factors that affect free cash flows that need to be analysed — operating capital, what is the situation? Let's look at the main utilities, fire power companies, receivables, inventories, accounts payable as a proportion of total assets:
By industry comparison, it can be found that the operating capital of electricity companies is generally low in terms of total assets, so here we do not analyse in detail each case, but focus on the higher-absolute accounts receivable: it can be seen that the share of the Yangtze electricity receivables in operating income is significantly lower than that of other comparable companies, and this compares with that of other comparable companies.
This is a relatively stable scenario, so here we have a simple assumption that the ratio will remain constant at an average of 5.2 per cent for almost three years during the projection period, and that the other items considered for operating capital will be equally small, and here we have a simple assumption that accounts payable, advances as a percentage of operating costs, advance receipts as a proportion of operating income will remain unchanged at the 2018 level, i.e., accounts payable as a percentage of operating income.
In addition, the semi-annual report updates exclude from other operating current liabilities the amount of work in other accounts payable because of its relevance to the 2016 M & A to the dam, Quiroga and the day-to-day operating activities.
According to the three-quarterly report on Yangtze Power, the increase in accounts receivable is greater, but based on historical fluctuations, the three-quarterly report accounts receivable is higher than the year-round; the remaining operating capital changes are smaller and the operating capital share is considered less volatile, and the assumption remains unchanged.
When the operating capital ends, let's look at another key variable that affects cash flows: debt, what is the financial cost?
is the corresponding interest rate and financial cost. 1) repayment of short-term borrowing: short-term borrowing is generally repaid within one year, and here we simply assume that it is paid at 100%.
2. Issuance of short-term borrowings: In general, short-term borrowings are mainly used to operate capital turnover, so we calculate the new issuance mainly by reference to historical short-term borrowing as a proportion of the amount (receivables + advances), and projections do not result in excessive short-term borrowing, where we refer to the acquisition of the tri-gorge from the parent company, the tri-gorge group, by Yangjia Power in 2009.
After the hydroelectricity station, the ratio changed and is forecasted — here it can be found that the ratio was completed by M & As, according to the three quarterly reports, there was an increase in short-term borrowing, but based on historical fluctuations, short-term borrowing in the three quarters was higher than the level of the base annual borrowing, so no adjustment is made and the original assumptions are maintained.
1) Long-term borrowing/bond repayment: The average length of long-term borrowing is three to five years, and we assume that the repayment rate for long-term borrowing is 25% per year every four years. According to the semi-annual report of 2019, the principal distribution of bonds payable by the Yangtze power is three to five years, and here again, it is assumed that the annual repayment of long-term debt payable is assumed to be 25%.
2) Long-term borrowing issuance: As a general rule, the issuance of long-term borrowing is linked to capital expenditure, so we generally predict by reference to long-term borrowing (bonds payable) as a proportion of capital expenditure. By formula: end-of-period long-term borrowing = start-of-period long-term borrowing + current issuance - current repayment.
Here, long-term and short-term borrowings are treated in the same way, and we assume that: 2018-2022, 3) bonds payable are issued: the issue of bonds payable is related to the interest rate environment and the amount of bonds payable has not decreased since the merger took place in 2009. According to the 2018 annual report, the interest rate on long-term borrowing was 4.5125 per cent, compared to 4.51 per cent for long-term borrowing.
The interest rate on bonds payable for Yangtze electricity is around 4%, so it makes sense to exchange bonds for long-term borrowing.The Mergers and Purchases assume that the ratio of debt payable to capital expenditure over the forecast period is the average of nearly two years, and this trend is consistent with our projections, as disclosed in the three-quarters report, that long-term borrowing has declined and that there has been an increase in bonds payable.
But there is a gap between the specific reductions, the increases, and what we expect. Yuan, there is a certain difference between the sub-elements and our projections, but the overall difference in borrowing is small -- we predict that the total amount of long-term borrowing + bonds payable is about $12 billion higher than the actual amount of the three-quarterly report, considering the four-quarter period.
We look at the interest rate of the debt after the release and repayment of the debt has been predicted. 3) Short-term borrowing interest rates – the interest rate of the short-term borrowing is not disclosed in their financial statements, and we disclose the short-term interest rate.
The bond rate is the same, with average rates ranging from 2.8 per cent to 3.23 per cent, assuming that the interest rate on short-term borrowings is the same as the three-quarterly report does not disclose the relevant interest rate data. On the basis of this, we derive the financial costs from a revolving calculation as follows:
It should be noted here that, while Yangtze power has reduced the cost of financing, including through debt swaps in currency markets, its financial cost as a share of income remains high, at 11.43 per cent in 2018.
Two influences need to be considered: 1) M & As; 2) Accounting treatment. The Yangtze Power did not capitalized interest, all of which was charged to current financial costs, while other comparable companies capitalized some of the interest costs into construction in progress, with the rate of interest capitalization reaching 34.81 per cent in 2018, for example in the case of energy and electricity.
And when we look at this, the main variables of modelling are clear. When it's done, the modelling is the process of water-to-water. All of this is for financial modelling tables. And then we go into the very important part of the case -- financial statement reconciliation, data modelling.
Before the modelling data is done, let's take a look at the basics of the case: 1) future growth — both in the short and long term, due to the difficulty of long-term water availability.
The main drivers are: first, China's per capita electricity use rises. Second, M & As. Currently, its M & As in Peru is a typical attempt, through globalization, that it can still do so in the long term.
The Yangtze power has a higher endowment of hydropower resources, as can be seen from its high Māori rate in the industry. It has a clear cost advantage over power generation in the light of heat and new energy sources; in addition, hydropower is more stable than new energy sources.
3) Ceiling – There are currently no plans for large-scale hydroelectric projects by its parent company, the Three Gorges, which anticipates a limited increase in domestic installed capacity. The former country has not yet established a national electricity trading market, so all types of electricity are still digestive.
Domainity, no direct competition. 6) Risk factor - when electricity is marketed, the price of electricity is entirely determined by supply and demand, and the price of electricity is subject to increased volatility. Here, several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified.
Modelling is a water-to-water process. All of the above is for financial modelling tables and detailed valuations of some of the key companies.
In the case of Yangtze electricity, Haikangway, and Heng Swe medicine, for example, the modeling section is as follows:
In the next professional and technical editions of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case, along these lines. Only by thinking clearly about these issues will we be able to understand this company thoroughly, to form a logical circle. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, we can run around the secondary market.
If the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not understood, there will still be a great disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and the data we have come up with.
2. Does the combination of relative valuations, absolute valuations, and the resulting range of valuations be logical? Where are the difference factors? Wacc and increase if sensitivity analysis is conducted?
What is the impact of speed on valuation?) This case is a very important one in the industry chain -- how does the choice of different methods differ in the valuation modelling process in this case?
Together, it's a closed link to the logic of valuation modelling? 4) After the pre-surge and collapse, a lot of people may be panicking and sleepless -- so, what kind of area is the valuation in this case, whether it's expensive or pooped?
Due to the details of the publicly available reports, there is a conflict with the paid user of the M & As reports, and the M & A team will be required to produce the reports, not to mention some of them free of charge, and will gradually try to pay for them.
Paying a reasonable price for good products is a way to make the world a better place -- everyone paying for it will help us add more investment elites from top universities around the world, and we will also be able to buy deeper industry data from M&A teams globally, so we can't.
So, if you're interested in the value section of this case, as well as more other cases, you can scan the two-dimensional code below, get details of the valuation modeling of this case, and the financial wind that might be involved behind it.
At the same time, reports that were previously unpublicable for a number of reasons, as well as major risk points, will be included.
Many of the functions not available to the public (including valuation modelling forms for priority companies) are in the form of reprinting, copying, copying. 2) With regard to content: we are responsible only for financial analysis, industrial research, content perspectives are provided for reference purposes only, do not support any form of decision-making basis or any form of support.
The financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc. are collated without endorsement of future changes, and any future changes are irrelevant. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee their completeness, accuracy, timeliness.
Some of the priority industries and cases do not ensure that all the cases you need are covered. Please understand. 4) With regard to the platform: all elements of the elite team are exported only from the micro-credit platform, are not responsible for any other platform content, and we reserve the right of legal recourse against the counterfeiting and infringement platform.