Resource and Environmental Research Centre Yangtze Power (6009000.sh) Increase (first rating) Core hydroelectric taps, near-value growth
Domestic hydropower taps, asset scarcity upgrading: the company's main battalion is mainly engaged in hydroelectric power generation, operating four long river basin power stations with a total installed capacity of 45,495,000 kilowatts, or 13 per cent of the country; electricity generation in 2018, with a capacity of 34.46 million kilowatts per year, after which the industry will enter a period of stagnation in the development of hydropower assets.
The future commissioning of the U-White power station would result in a significant increase in performance expected if the injection were to: 10.2 million kilowatts of installed capacity at the U-dong power station, which is scheduled to be fully operational by December 2021; 16 million kilowatts of installed capacity at the White Crane Beach power station, which will be fully operational by December 2022.
In addition, after the delivery of the Ubek two power stations, a six-storey connection was made with the brook to the three branches, where the company now has four power stations that are expected to generate an additional 7 billion kWh. Demand continued to grow, electricity prices were stable and hours were used: the company's main power delivery area, Lussulu.
Power generation in the five provinces (municipality) has been significantly reduced by the energy “double control” effect, the power supply and demand pattern has recovered at a high rate of power-side resilience, and the overall supply and demand pattern is good. The demand for electricity outages is expected to expand by varying degrees across the region in 2019, with a combined total of 82.4 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity out of the five regions, and the company price continues to maintain the current water supply.
The cost advantage is significant, the cash flow is stable, and corporate-type bond attributes are highlighted: the cost of a company’s installed capacity is moderately low compared to the cost of a listed company and has an advantage over the cost of loading. The company’s credit ratings are good.
Good and effective financing cost advantages effectively reduce financial costs. Under both income costs, companies inject assets through “package”, stabilize cash flows, commit high dividends, and make stocks eligible for debt.
Sun Chun Xu, the Yangtze is less than expected; electricity prices are falling more than expected; assets are being injected less than expected; macroeconomic growth is taking place.
I. Domestic hydroelectric taps, with a growing value and a growing value, are one of the largest electricity companies in the country.
Since the creation of the Department, which has been transformed by the Goji dam power plant, the first-largest shareholder, the tri-gorge group, has gradually injected many of its invested hydroelectric power plant assets and is currently operating or entrusted with the management of the tri-gorge power station, the Gojia dam power station, the brooks, the Lo-daw power station, and the four Yangtze ladders to the dam power station. By the end of 2019, the head of the company was the head of the company.
The installed capacity of 45,495,000 kilowatts (KWh) has become the country ' s hydro-power pipeline. In 2018, the company generated 21,526 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity, generating an operating income of 51.2 billion yuan, representing an increase of 2.1 per cent over the previous year, and a net profit of 22.6 billion yuan for the mother, representing an increase of 1.6 per cent over the same period, mostly from hydropower.
Upscaling capacity is the core driver of company performance, and Ubutu injects growth space: since the company was listed, business income and net return profits have increased in step by step. The company’s most recent asset injection took place in 2016, where the acquisition of a dam power station helped the public.
The Division’s operating income and net return profits grew by 102% and 80%, respectively. In the future, the Three Gorges Group pledged to inject Utund, White Crane Beach hydroelectrics into public companies, which will further enhance the company’s performance, with a stable and solid investment value: company performance, in addition to an increase in installed capacity.
In 2016, the company built a four-storey system to smooth down the river and changed its performance more steadily in recent years. The company’s cash flow was stable, while the company made a high-dimension commitment, with a red-dimension rate from 2014 onward.
1.2 The scarcity of electricity and water has increased throughout the country, and the company’s leading position has highlighted the near-ceiling capacity of hydropower, with an advanced economy of 34.54 million kilowatts: our economy has been able to exploit about 401.8 million kilowatts of hydropower resources, and by the end of 2018 it had developed 352.26 million kilowatts.
With 11 million kilowatts of hydroelectric capacity to be produced in the year, about 3454 million kilowatts of space to be developed in the future, and 3446 million kilowatts of installed capacity to be produced in the year, the hydropower sector is expected to be in the final wave of large hydropower-intensive releases by 2030. The industry will then be in a state of stagnation, with construction already under way.
The company ' s installed capacity and power generation capacity is the highest in the country: 45,495,000 kilowatts in 2018, or 12.9 per cent of the country ' s installed capacity, and 2,154,8 million kilowatts of hydroelectric power generation.
The company is among the top hydroelectric companies in the country, regardless of capacity and capacity, and is more scarce. The share of electricity generated by the company is significantly higher than the national share of installed capacity, and the quality of assets is significantly higher than the industry average.
• The company and the first major shareholder are the top five of the country's ten hydroelectric plants: in order of installed capacity. ... Of the top ten hydroelectric plants in the country, all three gorges, all the river's electricity, all the dam's hydroelectric plants are ranked first, third and fifth, respectively; and all the parent company's three gorges are under construction.
The first five of our 10 hydroelectric plants are now owned by the Yangtze Yangtze and its first shareholder, the Tri-Fedor Group, and will further consolidate the company's status as a national hydroelectric dragon if assets from the White Crane Beach and Utungde power stations are injected into the public company.
The central driver of the expected growth in the performance of the future U-White power plant is the growth in installed capacity: since the company's listing, the two performance steps have been driven by the injection of hydropower assets.
In 2009, the company acquired a total of 12.7 million kW of 18 units at the Three Gorges power station 9-26, with an installed capacity of 25,277,000 kW, compared to 202 per cent before the three gorges, with 193 per cent growth in corporate operating income and net profit growth over the same period.
In 2016, the company acquired the three Gorges, Jinsa River Clouds and Hydroelectric Development Co. Ltd. by issuing shares and cash payments, bringing the capacity of the company to 45,495,000 kilowatts, compared to an 80 per cent increase before the injection, resulting in an increase in the company ' s operating income during the same period.
▪ Injection of the U-White power station is expected to result in an increase in installed capacity of 58 per cent and power generation of 48 per cent: 10.2 million kilowatts (kW) of installed capacity of the U-dong de hydropower station, 38.9 billion kWh of designed power generation, planned to start production in July 2020, fully operational in December 2021; capacity of the White Crane Beach hydroelectric plant 1600
Thousands of kilowatts, designed to generate 64.1 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity, are scheduled to start production in July 2021, and will be fully operational in December 2022. In accordance with the firm’s commitment to avoid peer competition, we expect Utungde and White Crane Beach power stations to be filled with listed companies when they are completed.
In the post-partum period, the river is expected to generate an additional 7 billion kilowatt-hours: the company now has three isthmus power plants with quarterly adjustment capabilities, run-off, dam-to-house power plants.
The company has now built a four-bureau system with three gorge power stations at its core, including the Gorge Dam, the brook Lod trading station, and the dam. The White Crane Beach power station will have the capacity to regulate annually, the U.T.D. power station will have 2.6 billion cubic metres of storage, and the company will be able to do so in the future if Utunde and the White Crane Beach power station come into production.
At the Yangtze River, a six-bureau system is expected to be in place, and under a unified system, the stream-to-three-grats-level power plant could generate an additional 7 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity at an average level of electricity generation over the years.
3.1 The demand for electricity out of Nakao Sujulu V Province (municipality) continues to grow.  The company ' s electricity on the Internet is mainly located in Guangdong and Guangdong: the company ' s electricity on the Internet is sent mainly to Guangdong, Guangdong (the Three Gorges, the Goi Chai Dam power station), Shanghai (the power supply to the dam station), Zhejiang (the Hungao power station)
When you send a dam to Shanghai and a river to China, the company consumes about 50% of the electricity on the Internet in the East China region. During the water boom, most of the electricity is sent to Guangdong and Huadong; during the dry water season, the electricity is sent to Guangdong, Shanghai, Zhejiang, Huadong and Hua Cao.
In the second half of the year, Guangdong and the provinces of the East China region began to implement a policy of “double control” of energy (control of coal consumption).
As a result, local power generation fell to varying degrees in the second half of 2018 in the provinces, with negative growth recorded in 2019.
The new unit was put into production and the increase in power generation was positive in the second half of 2019, but it is still below the rate of increase in electricity use.  In the second half of 2019, the growth of the economy resumed at an accelerated rate: in the five provinces mentioned above, Guangdong, Jiangsu, Shandong and Zhejiang are the top four of the country’s electricity use, resulting from trade frictions.
The cumulative increase in electricity consumption in 2019 was below the 2018 level in all provinces, owing to such weather reasons as the decline and high base, and the cold summer winter. However, in the second half of 2019, the cumulative increase in electricity consumption in Guangdong, Jiangsu, Shandong, Zhejiang provinces was 6.0 per cent, 2.2 per cent, 1.9 per cent, and 3.3 per cent, respectively, all rebounded in the economy.
Even in Shanghai, where electricity use was negative in 2019, the demand for electricity delivery is expected to continue to expand in the fourth quarter from 2019 to 2020 in the province of Siouxulu: the energy “bi-controlled” side of power generation in the province of Sioux Lu has declined significantly and the power side is very resilient.
The rate of increase has risen, and the demand for electricity out of all provinces (municipalities) is expected to expand in different degrees in 2019. We are predicting electricity consumption in all provinces (municipalities) in 2019 on the basis of the cumulative January-November trend, on the basis of which we estimate the level of electricity consumption and the rate of increase in electricity generation in 2020, with the expectation that Guangdong, Zhejiang,
In the provinces of Jiangsu, Shanghai and Shandong, the total increase in the demand for electricity delivery in 2019 was 82.4 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh), and in 2020 the increase in demand for electricity outbound will be slightly increased to 84.6 billion kWh (kWh) from 2019.
▪ The implementation of the contract price of some of the electricity on the Internet is 89%, and the contract price is a stable guaranteed income: the overall supply and demand pattern in the regions of China and Guangdong, where the company mainly delivers electricity, is good, the demand for electricity outlet continues to expand, and the company has been delivering electricity on the Internet has steadily and moderately increased in recent years. The price of electricity on the Gojia dam and the Three Gorge power stations has remained constant for years.
On the basis of the company ' s access to electricity in 2018, we estimate that the company ' s access to electricity is partly responsible for 89.5% of the total access to electricity, with a steady and moderate increase in the price of access to electricity.
The company’s future revenues are impaired, and future electricity prices are expected to remain at the current level. In addition, marketized electricity prices, although rising or falling, are partially implemented for the marketized electricity, which is only 10.5% of the total, with slight fluctuations in the overall stability in the use of hours, and four-bureau confluences significantly: three out of four power stations in the company,
The Isthmus, Guo Chau Dam power station, located in Hubei Province, is located on the border between Yunnan Province and Sichuan Province. The company used the average number of hours to remain above the national average for several years, with a significant increase in recent years, from 15% in 2015 to 31% in 2018.
The average number of hours spent on electricity and water in Yunnan and Sichuan provinces, with high resource quality, further illustrates the quality of the two power stations. On this basis, the average number of hours used by companies in 2018 was again 207 hours, up from 25% to 31% nationwide, and the four-bureau system was described side by side.
The company currently uses an increase in the number of hours. The company currently uses the number of hours to slow down, and the number of hours is 2% lower than the number of hours in 2019, and the impact factor disappears in 2021, using the number of hours to recover.
4.1 Significant advantages in installation costs and financing costs  Medium low unit capacity costs and significant cost advantages: initial investment in hydropower stations is closely related to the natural conditions and geographical environment of the various water plants, which are too difficult to build and costly to develop
Hydrogen resources, even if technological exploitability conditions are met, may not be economically exploitable. Investment costs per unit in the main publicly listed utility companies are mostly within the range of 0.5-20 million yuan per kilowatt, with a weighted average value of 0.95 million yuan per kilowatt, with a median capacity of 10.2 million yuan per kilowatt.
Ben 0.9 million yuan per kilowatt, comparable to the cost of electricity, energy, electricity, and coronary power units installed at 1.16, 0.95, 0.68 million yuan per kilowatt, respectively. The capacity of the company is significantly higher than that of the comparable listed companies, and unit capacity costs are lower than those of the comparable listed companies, and cost is better.
• Making use of the cost advantage of financing to effectively reduce financial costs: the company has a credit rating at the domestic aaa and international sovereign levels, has a good reputation in domestic and foreign capital markets, and the cost of financing is significantly lower than the bank interest rates for the same period.
Through low-cost financing, interest rates on corporate liabilities are declining, effectively reducing corporate financial costs. 4.2 Stabilization of cash flows with high dividends, gender-based competitive advantages of “package” bonds, stabilization of cash flows, good company performance: strong corporate income security
Between 2003 and 2012, the company’s three-thousand plant fleet was first operational, of which 12.7 million kW installed capacity in 2009 helped to produce thousands of kW in bulk, making the operating cash flow of the company inevitable during those years.
In 2016, the company “package” into a listed company following the steady operation of the power station at the Haofu and the dam power station, accompanied by a significant increase in cash flows, achieved a significant reduction in volatility, reflecting the company's excellent operational capacity.
The market value of the company under the high-dimension commitment has risen again: with strong income security, effective cost control, and a stable operating cash flow, the company has made a commitment to redecorate its cash share of profits per year from 2016 to 2020 at no less than 70 per cent of the net profit achieved in that year.
By the end of 2019, the company’s market value had been higher than the river’s market value. By the end of 2019, the company’s market value had been higher than the river’s market value.
The company-type bond attributes were particularly competitive during the fall in the yield on US debt: stable and high dividends and excellent credit ratings allowed the company to have a bond character and become “combative debt”
Since the second half of 2018, interest reduction is expected to result in a decline in the rate of return on US debt, a sharp drop in interest rates on US national debt over a decade, a very competitive rate of interest on companies far above their peers, and a market value for companies based on the above analysis of companies, we make the following core assumption:
The company’s demand for electricity delivery is growing steadily, the company’s bargaining power is strong and the price of electricity on the Internet is almost constant for many years, and it is expected to continue its current electricity prices in the future: the company’s electricity generation is affected by the water coming from the Kansha River and the Yangtze River and is expected to be covered by water in the second half of 2019 in 2020
Part of the electricity supply from the Goi dam, to the dam and to the right bank of the river is largely stable in previous years, and it is expected to continue to be on the historical contract in the future; part of the electricity from the contract price from the left bank of the river is not as high as expected in previous years: hydropower use hours is affected by the water from the water cycle, if gold
The future of Shajiang and Yangjiang is not expected for a long time, and although many of the company’s power stations have some ability to regulate, they still have a negative impact on the number of hours they use. The price of electricity has fallen beyond expectations: the company’s contract price has risen steadily in the last three years, if future market-based electricity prices are made available.
The company’s performance could be negatively affected by a sharp decline, or by a policy of lowering the price of electricity and water in a country with a reduced cost factor. The asset injection was not as predictable: the tri-gorge group of companies committed to avoiding competition from their counterparts, and we expect Utun to have a better chance of doing so.
The German and White Crane Beach power stations will be built and fed into listed companies. If the construction of the two power stations is delayed or assets are not growing as fast as expected: the company’s large amounts of electricity are transferred to the country’s economic provinces (municipality) and electricity (municipality), Guangdong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shanghai, Shandong. If the macroeconomic situation continues to go down.
The reduction in electricity demand in our provinces and cities will not be conducive to the consumption of electricity by companies.