• Investment rating: robust growth in purchasing (maintenance) pcb operations, continued high demand for board, high profitability
q3 The main reasons for the slight decline in performance were: (1) pcb: the capacity of the three-phased vehicle pcb project in South China to climb the slopes well, with both production and sales: the communications and idc operations were under construction at the 5g base station and global servers, company prices compared to the depth of 300 per cent.
Demand perturbations, declining crop rates, and better demand for overseas base stations. (2) Loadboard: bt board, production without tin and starting to climb in September, with a certain drag on profitability; abf board, project in Guangzhou, is well under way and is expected to be delivered in small quantities by the end of the 23rd quarter. (3) smt: ring relative to second quarter
We believe that the company is the leading global producer of high-end pcb, and continues to invest in high-level, multi-layer pcb, while maintaining global leadership. The board is still the fastest growing and disaggregated track in the pcb area. Prismark expects a complex increase in board demand of 13.2% in 2020-2026.
Investors are advised to focus on investment opportunities arising from high board ratios, high profit levels on bt board, abf boarding, and comparable low-line valuations. Downstream base stations, demand for idc, etc. are less advanced than expected, and new projects are less advanced than expected.
1. Deep South Circuit (002916, sz): high performance in the boarding industry, ratio of revenues, Māori ratio 2. Deep South Circuit (002916.sz): communications construction
Base, board, car, server construction of new 3. Deep South circuits (002916.sz): slightly over-expected performance, robust growth in harvest, profitability
4. Deep South Circuit (002916, sz): Performance meets expectations, i.e. board business layout over the long term
The huaanresearch method, which uses legally compliant information and produces the present report independently and objectively, uses data and information from the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information, or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.