Newtimesecurities with a stronger lithium primary battery, soft-packed batteries with a successful gene, a lithium primary battery tap plus a coded lithium ion battery.
The company was founded in 2001 and by 2008, the city of Lithium was the country’s number one, with eight years of success, and the company was created with the genetics of the winner. In 2010, the company, in combination with its own advantages, began to cut into the lithium ion battery field from consumer-type batteries. The success of the lithium primary battery business was that
The company brings with it steady cash flow support that enables the company to deploy lithium ion batteries, and future lithium ion batteries are expected to replicate the path of successful lithium cell replication. Sustained R & D investment is the firm’s ability to maintain core competitive capacity, with 13.8% R & D investment in the first half of 2018, clearly ahead of listed companies in the same industry.
• The initial layout of the company's production capacity, which is now up to 9 gwh, of which three cylindricals 3.5 gwh, square phosphate 2.5 gwh, soft bags 1.5 gwh and squares 1.5 gwh.
One of the few suppliers in the industry that has a comprehensive power cell product solution. The power cell industry, working with Daimler, is expected to return to the Ningde era. Soft-bag batteries have high energy density, high safety performance, and replacement is expected to accelerate.
A high-end three-dollar battery, and a whole soft-packed battery line that uses Korean imported equipment, with technology leading the country. The company signed a supply contract with Daimler, with the help of a low-interest loan, and the soft-packing industry is expected to work with Daimler.
The Division's manufacturing, process, technology, product control, management and brand influence is conducive to the rapid expansion of companies.
Developments in the area of dedicated vehicles have grown into a full-scale power cell solution provider. • First-time coverage of recommended ratings for lithium primary battery operations is considered to be robust, high-end soft-packed battery-driven battery operations
In the period of opportunity, the company ' s performance is expected to continue to grow in the future, with companies expected to have successful genes in 2018-2020,1 companies having successful genes, lithium primary battery tap plus lithium ion batteries 1.1, based on lithium primary batteries, and then moving into the lithium ion battery field.
In 2009, the company was listed on the Shenzhen Enterprise Board, the country's first listed company, with lithium batteries, which, after many years of cultivation, have taken the lead in the country.
The company focused on lithium battery products, with its vision of “making the world's best lithium battery, becoming a leading industry enterprise.” The company was founded in 2001 and was the country's first-ever producer of lithium primary batteries in 2008, with a short period of eight years to achieve lithium primary battery dragons.
In the first place, the company had a winner's gene. The success of the lithium cell business brought steady cash support to the company, which enabled the company to configure the lithium ion battery, and the future development of the lithium ion battery was expected to replicate the path of the lithium primary battery.
1.2.1, Lithium primary and Lithium ion batteries fly in both wings, contributing to the performance of the company, which has performed well since its listing and is rising year by year. From 2009 to 2017, corporate operating income and net profit returns have generally increased, except for 2014, benefiting from downstream demand and good company development.
The net profit on corporate returns declined by 47.59 per cent in 2014, mainly due to McVell ' s failure to meet his performance commitments, accounting for 27.46 per cent; the net profit on returns of $403 million, an increase of 60.18 per cent over the same period. In 2018 h1, the company achieved a gross operating income of $1,884 million, an increase of 40.15 per cent over the same period; and the net profit on returns of $159 million, a decrease of 31.72 per cent over the same period.
After deducting disposal gains of $122 million from the transfer of McVell ' s holdings during the same period last year, there was an increase of 44.23 per cent over the same period, and 61.33 per cent-67.17 per cent over the same period after deducting disposal gains of $122 million from the transfer of McWear ' s holdings during the same period last year.
The cost battery business has been growing steadily; (2) McWeil's proprietary technology and products have become industry poles, demand surges have increased, and performance has grown beyond expectations; and (3) successful expansion of the three-dollar non-vehicle market has led to a gradual reduction in operating losses.
In terms of the structure of the main camp, the lithium primary battery is stronger; the lithium ion battery is later dominated by the company, with a 67.4 per cent h1 ratio in 2018, and the market space for new-energy motor batteries is huge, so as the power cell capacity of the company expands and the city’s rate rises, the share will grow.
See, the combined Māori rate is relatively stable, with a slight decline of 2018h1, mainly due to the low Māori rate of lithium ion power, the composition of the company's main business for the last five years, and the Māori rate of the company's main business for the last five years.
1.2.2 Sustained and high R & D inputs to enhance core competitiveness The advantages of technology-protected rivers are evident and research and development is strong. As a high-tech company, Lithium billion has been able to form three technology centres: the Lithium primary battery technology centre, the Lithium ion battery technology centre, the power supply system.
Technology centres. Each technology centre has laboratories with research and development staff in the fields of materials, electrochemistry, structural design and electronic circuit design, and a team of specialized technical advisers, staffed by members of both chambers and experts from within and outside the country, and has established good technical exchanges and cooperation with a large number of leading universities and research institutions, both domestic and foreign, such as the United States.
The University of Maryland, the University of Arkansas, the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the University of Wuhan, among others, are leading the technological frontier of the industry and strengthening its “soft” and “hard power.” Corporate technology patents are rich.
Great importance is attached to investment in product R & D and to the enhancement of their combined R & D capabilities, and to the development of industry trends and the active development of new products and technological reserves. In 2017, the subsidiary, Centurion Saines, was identified as the Guangdong Technical Research Centre for the Storage of Energy Battery Systems. By the end of 2017, companies had applied cumulatively for 902 patents.
525 authorized patents, while the company received three Chinese patents for excellence. The company continually increased its research and development investment in the lithium ponds, intensified the transformation of results, and further improved its research and development structure and set up an effective operational mechanism to develop an enterprise technology development system adapted to the demands of market competition and enterprise development.
The main functions include new battery materials, new core systems, battery formation technologies, power management systems, new power cell processes, and advanced research on whole-car technology. Sustained R & D investment is a top priority for companies to maintain core competitiveness and maintain industry leadership.
Corporate R & D spending has increased steadily over the years, from $71 million in 2015 to $233 million in 2017, and R & D investment by companies in the first half of 2018 was $259 million, an increase of 258 per cent over the previous period, exceeding R & D investment in the same period by KNCO, which reached 18.5 per cent of R & D investment in the same period of the Ningde era.
The average number of companies listed in industry has been shrinking, with 13.8% of R & D inputs in the first half of 2018, clearly ahead of those listed in the same industry, and the capacity of companies to develop new products and technologies has increased significantly.
The battery industry has research and development expenditure as a percentage of the principal operating income The company has undertaken a number of national projects, such as the Green High Performance Lithium-Subthioyl chloride Batteries Industrialization Project (GAP) and the square high-capacity lithium-Subthioyl chloride cell (Creation by the Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Science and Technology).
Projects such as "Safety Large Power Lithium-Subthioyl chloride Battery (the Innovation Fund of the Ministry of Finance of the Ministry of Science and Technology)" and "Service and Power Batteries of High Safety Lithium Ionite Battery Systems (the National Development Council, the Ministry of Industry and Communications 2010 Electronic Information Industry Revitalization and Technological Rehabilitation Specialized)" are leading industries in the technology level of new products developed by companies.
For example, the Beast family brand - a new and easy-to-use lithium battery - started the battery technology revolution. In 2012, the company set up a provincial business focus laboratory, and in 2011, it was allowed to build a lithium cell engineering centre with the strength of the national engineering centre, and the technology was constantly innovative. In 2018, the company acquired technology from Guangdong Province.
At present, the company has been awarded the National Burns Program's priority high-tech enterprises, provincial enterprise technology centres, and the Lithium Battery Engineering Research and Development Centre in Guangdong Province, with national laboratories. From these data, the Department has developed a set of packages, perfected and leading research and development systems that can develop excellent products and offer them.
It's a big work-temperature range, it's around 500 times, smart bracelets, smart watch, and so on.
Curved battery, continuous voltage, full ring, thick as low as 0.4 mn, comparable.
Smart bank cards, rfid electronic tags, electronic scans, ultra thin lithium ion battery pens, super thin mp3, etc.
Customized, safe and environmentally friendly, high working temperature, mass, lithium manganese-buttoned high-temperature batteries.
tpms, rfid, internal alarms, etc.
The National Centre for Enterprise Technology 2017 The National Ministry of Industry and Communications Smart Manufacturing Demonstration Project 2016 The Joint Center for Innovative Practice of Smart Dynamics was set up in 2016 with the Telecommunications Tower of China.
The National Intellectual Property Agency (NIA) recognized in 2015 as a “national intellectual property advantage firm” and approved by the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) for 2014 “eve-4850 as a backup lithium ion battery for communications” through the Ter accreditation of the Guangdong Province Science and Technology Award First Class 2013 “Lithium Batteries Critical Technologies and Materials National Joint Engineering Research Centre”
"Construction of Lithium Battery Engineering Centre with the strength of the National Engineering Centre" was approved by the Department of Science and Technology in 2012 and identified by the Department of Science and Technology in 2011 as a provincial "Big Business Laboratory" in 2010 as one of the first 50 "Strategic and Emerging Industries in the Province" enterprises identified by the Department of Science and Technology by the Commission in 2010.
In 2010, the Ministry of Human Resources approved the establishment of the post-doctoral research workstation, which in 2010 was identified by the Provincial Department of Science and Technology as a model enterprise for the "Big 100 Innovative Enterprise Development Project" in Guangdong Province.
Professional teams and good management have allowed companies to capture industry hot spots. The director of the company, Liu Jin-sung, is a senior expert in lithium battery collars and receives a special subsidy from the Government of the State Council. He has had a doctorate in materials physics and chemistry, has been in the lithium battery field for over 30 years, and has had a great deal of experience and keen industry insight in lithium batteries.
Served as Manager of the Ministry of Technology at the National Centre for the Engineering of New and Renewable Energy Materials (Sengsan-Senglai Technologies) in the industrialization of the 863 nickel hydrogen batteries; since 1994 as Chief Engineer, General Manager of the Department of the Greater Wuhan-Wu Region, with limited chemical power sources, and led the development of the whole series of nickel hydrogen batteries of the aa, aaaaa and d types.
New mobile cell batteries and electric bicycle power cells, of which mobile cell batteries are the first to pass the National Postal and Telecommunications Department, have been the Deputy General Manager of Desai Energy Technology Ltd., Desai Group, Hue County, since 1999, leading the development of battery-assembly products and chargers such as cellular batteries, alkaline batteries.
Director, Electric Chemistry Centre, Hubei Province, Director, Key Laboratory for Chemical Power Materials and Technologies, Ministry of Science and Technology