Soft Packer, High Nickel Leadr strongly recommended (first time) Xu Chiu (Research Assistant)
Lithium primary batteries start up, 18 years of experience in electrochemistry, and lithium ion batteries are the first business: Year after year, the company has accumulated extensive research and development experience in electrochemistry products.
In the field of power cells, there has been a rapid growth in the operations of lithium ion batteries, which have been the company ' s top business since 2016, generating 47 per cent of the revenue in 2017 (56 per cent of the reported e-smoking business). The rapid growth in the production of new energy vehicles has driven the demand for lithium batteries:
In the first half of 2018, 380.7 million new energy vehicles were produced, a 107 per cent increase in the same year, and power cell loads, a 168 per cent increase in the same year. As user experience and subsidy standards increase the length of the journey, the first half of the year saw a 6.1 kwh, or more than 33.15kwh, in single-car power.
This growth will drive the demand for lithium batteries. Soft-packed batteries, which now account for 10% of the city, will be the fastest growing battery segment in the future: contrast squares and cylinders, soft packages are more superior in terms of energy density, safety, and plasticity, and are more consumer-oriented.
During the time of demand for lithium batteries, the market for soft packages was more than 45%. The current market for power batteries was only 11%, and the advantage of safety and energy intensity would give them greater market space.
In cooperation with South Korea, the 1.5gw Soft Pack Line has been put into production and is fully engaged in the development of key international clients. The three-dollar 1.5gw line that the company has put into production is based on the technology of South Korea.Sk, as a supplier of Daimler Benz and Kea Core Battery, has a 4gw Soft Packed Battery Line, and the Soft Packing Research and Development technology and experience.
In July, the company signed a low-interest loan agreement with the Chinese company Sk, and cooperation continued to deepen. The company converted shotguns into sniper gun tactics, using large customers as its main target, and took advantage of the opportunity to upgrade its skills and management, and endorsed large customers, which would help the company gain greater market space.
At the end of the year, the cylindrical line was switched to 811 and is expected to become the most competitive planb in vehicle-powered batteries: the company invested in the construction of a square lithium phosphate 2.5gw in Qingmen and Huezhou, 2.5gw in the cylindrical column, and the industry was still in the forefront of the production of 622 cubic cylindrical lines at 532 hours, and will switch to 811, high nickel at the end of this year.
Technology continues to be at the forefront of the industry. Since the company ' s involvement in power cells in 2015, the share of the market has been rising every year, reaching 3.5% in the first half of the year, with the market ranking now rising from ten to five, and in such a fierce market competition, the firms that keep the rate increasing each year are only the Ninder era, the Mobil, and the billion latitudes.
A single supplier, and a car company does not want a supplier to be strong, usually supports one or two suppliers as Planb. Company products are well-lined and of good quality, promising to be the most competitive Planb on board a car-powered battery, and the company's output in Nanjing Kinglong has even outpaced its rivals and become Plana.
Lithium primary batteries are on the rise to meet the Internet wave, and consumption and storage power is on the rise: in 2017, the company generated $1,091 million in lithium primary batteries, an increase of 40.6 per cent in the same year, the demand for lower lithium primary batteries for safety, positioning and intelligent transport is growing rapidly, and smart meters are gradually entering replacement periods, keeping a good eye on the network.
The grid pulls demand for lithium primary batteries; the downstream use of consumer batteries is mainly in areas such as electronic smoke, ready to wear, and customers such as British Empire tobacco, Japanese tobacco, millet, Haman sound, Huayuan, etc., have been able to harvest much in the area of communications, have obtained large orders from towers and tiles, and have held the price of lithium batteries.
The reserve will open up a wider market as it continues to decline.
1 Started with lithium primary batteries, 18 years of experience with electrochemicals 1.1 Transfer of shares to electronic smoke subsidiary, focused on the lithium primary battery industry.
Moreover, in 2009, it was listed on the Shenzhen Enterprise Board, the largest producer of lithium primary batteries in the country. Core industries such as lithium primary batteries, lithium ion batteries, product-covering smart grids, smart traffic, smart security, storage, new energy vehicles, special industries, etc. Markets have been formed.
Hubei Gate has four major production bases, with multiple branches and offices in Hong Kong, Taiwan, the United States, Europe, etc. Decoupling the electronic cigarette business, focusing on the lithium battery industry: in April 2014, the company acquired 50.1% of McWear ' s equity with $439 million in cash, and McWear ' s main battalion, electronic smoke, was placed on a new third board in December 2015. McWear is growing rapidly, with a net profit of $3.74 million in 2013 and growth in 2016.
To $124.5 million, McVell's management seeks to be listed independently, while the billion latitudes want to focus the company's operations on the lithium battery industry, to negotiate a partial transfer of shares to McVal's management at 100 million latitudes. The transfer of 898% of the shares to McWear in June 2017 was about $122 million, the company now holds 38.51% of McWear's first shareholder, and not to consolidate McWear into the financial statements.
Lithium ion batteries have become the company's top business: through 18 years of continuous investment, the company has accumulated deep research and development in the manufacture of electrochemical products, has been able to produce lithium ion batteries for polymers at the beginning of the market, and has completed Article 1,18650 cylinders of lithium at the end of 2015, under the direction of the laxation.
ion battery production lines are built with highly automated imported equipment. As a result, lithium ion battery revenues have continued to grow and in 2016 they exceeded lithium primary batteries, making them the first largest operations, reaching $1.39 billion in 2017, or 46.6 per cent, and 56.0 per cent after deduction of electronic smoke. 1.2 Chairman of the Board of Directors ' technical background and stable corporate equity structure
1.2.1 Chair of the Board, Doctor of Chemistry, technical background, management experience in internationalization; Chair of the Board of Directors, 25 years of experience in electrochemistry studies, which laid down the genes of company technology: Chair of the Corporation, Mr. Liu King, practical control person, Mr. Sung, doctoral degree, obtained a Bachelor of Arts (Chemicals) and a Master of Science from the University of Electronic Technology, Wuhan University and the University of Technology, China
Graduated from the Central European Institute of International Business and Industry, Emba. Since 1993, he has been in the Technical Department of the National Centre for the Engineering of New Storage and Energy Materials (Sengsan-Lai High Technology Company) and has been involved in the industrialization of 863 nickel hydrogen batteries; since 1994, he has been in the post of Chief Engineer and Chief Executive Officer of the Wuhan-Wukharat Chemical Power Company Ltd., leading the development of the complete series of aaa, aaaa and d.
Nickel hydrogen batteries, new mobile cell batteries and electric bicycle power cells, with cellular batteries first tested domestically through the National Post and Telecommunications Department; Deputy General Manager, Desai Energy Technology Ltd., Desai Group, Hue County, starting in 1999 to host the production of battery assembly products and chargers such as cellular batteries, sex batteries, etc.; current Chairman and General Manager of the Company.
The company’s management has an internationalization perspective, with many executives from abroad or in foreign companies. Deputy Managing Director, Alexanderholden, British national, graduated from the University of Brad, England.
Vice-Director-General Wong Wi-soo, of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, graduated from the University of Hayada, Japan, in 2013 and is currently in charge of the market and marketing of the cylinder power pool. Deputy Managing Director Wang Shi Feng, Sun Bin, and Tang Qiu Ying, who worked in the lig Inuit State, lig Electronics, and Glaxo Shik, respectively (China).
Technology goes beyond the genes of the international horizon, which leads companies to focus on R & D, regulatory regulation, overseas markets, and on lithium batteries and products that not only break foreign monopolies in domestic markets, but also sell far-reaching items such as Europe and the United States and Japan. 1.2.2 Real control of 43% of human holdings and stable corporate equity structures
The company’s equity structure is stable, with the actual controlling person, Liu Jin-sung, holding 5.74% of the shares directly and 37.31% indirectly through the billion-latitude holding shares, with a combined share holding 43.05%, or more than 40%, and the rest of the shareholders having more decentralized shares of less than 2%. The actual controllers have greater control over the company, ensuring that the company’s strategy can develop smoothly and maintain a higher degree of concentration.
Real control holders held 43 per cent of the shares, corporate equity structure stabilized The company ' s operating income in the first quarter of 2018 was 684 million yuan, an increase of 20.02 per cent in the same year, net profit from non-repatriation of 70.97 million yuan, an increase of 42.48 per cent in the same year, operating income of 2,982 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 27.46 per cent in the same year, and net profit from non-repatriation of 27.4 million yuan, an increase of 17.23 per cent in the previous year 2009.
In 2014, as a result of changes in the e-smoking market, McWall ' s performance fell short of performance commitments, resulting in a reduction in goodwill of $50.507 million, which affected the year ' s $274 million and an annual compound increase of 28.11 per cent.In terms of operations, the traditional operations of lithium primary batteries remained stable at around 35 per cent, rising to 39.70 per cent in 2017, with lithium ion batteries in place
Prior to the launch of the new production line in 2015, production and income were lower and did not yield an advantage of scale, with a low and volatile Māori ratio, which gradually became apparent, with Māori rates remaining above 22 per cent over the last two years. Since 2015, companies have increased their powered lithium battery production line inputs, fixed assets have grown rapidly, and fixed assets + construction-in-progress have increased since the first quarter of 2018
The firm’s debt has been rising, but its financial costs have been well controlled, and its financial costs have remained almost at 1-1.5% for the last four years, after deducting losses on exchange.
Around the first quarter of 2018, currency exchange losses increased as a result of the appreciation of the renminbi (detailed quarterly exchange gains and losses were not disclosed), financial cost increased as a percentage of operating income of 4.91 per cent, and companies not only were above average, but were largely at the same level as the industry’s leader, Ningde.
In the first half of 2018, 380.7 million new energy vehicles were produced, an increase of 107 per cent in the same year. In 2017, the domestic production of 810,000 new energy vehicles was expected to exceed 1 million for the entire year of 2018, and the current situation is expected to produce more than 1.1 million vehicles for the year, an increase of 35.8 per cent for the same year. The rapid growth in the production of new energy vehicles will also drive an increase in the demand for power cells.
During the first half of 2017, the policy window period was lower, with the base figure increasing by 168 per cent in the first half of the year as compared with the same year.
Production grew faster, reaching 23 per cent, and the pure power-borne a00-grade vehicle was facing an increase in the standard of subsidy reduction following the June subsidy of the New Deal, which led to an increase in the share of passenger vehicles from 55.5 per cent in 2017 to 62.1 per cent in the first half of the year; with the technological advancement of the pure motor vehicle, the plug-in rate was gradually decreasing, with the passenger-car market now falling to only 1.1 per cent; the ratio of pure motor passenger vehicles dropped slightly to 8.5 per cent in the second half of the year, and the municipal tender was gradually increasing.
The ratio of pure electric passenger vehicles may have recovered slightly; by the end of 2017, the ratio was 19 per cent, and by the end of 2017, it was expected to increase as a result of an increase in the ratio of exclusive electric vehicles, as a result of the subsidy of only $600/kwh for the transitional period, which was lower than the subsidy rate of $850/kwh for 2018, which was not higher in the first half of the year than the decline to 5 per cent.
The largest future market for new energy vehicles will remain the use of vehicles, which currently account for only 2.76 per cent of the production of new energy vehicles, the share of new energy passengers has reached more than 15 per cent, and the market for new energy vehicles is still to be expected, accounting for 6.49 per cent at the end of 2017.
It will be much faster than customers and special cars, and the market space is also the largest. Figure 16. Production by car up to 85.7 per cent. Figure 17: New energy cars produce 2.66 per cent of total vehicle production.
In terms of single-car power, the average single-car charge for all types of vehicles is 40.82kwh. In addition to plug-in vehicles, the flat-car rate is gradually rising, and the single-car charge is rising from year to year, and is currently 33.15kwh, an increase of 6.10kwh over 2017, and the subsidized mileage rate of 100km to 150km in June, with a further increase in the next half of the year.
New energy buses subsidize larger buses with larger subsidies ranging from 8 m to 10 m, with a 50% increase in the maximum subsidy, while energy density is greater than 135ww/kg, with 1.1 times more subsidized, and car companies are more willing to produce larger and higher-powered models. Specialized cars carry more than 50kwh, with more than a portion of the subsidy falling from $750/kwh to $650/kwh, so it is expected to stabilize at 50kwh, but with medium.
The total number of branch-type batteries will be the biggest power cell market in the future, as evidenced by the gradual electricization of the van, which will continue to increase in the number of long-term special-purpose vehicles. In 2017, new energy will be installed in vehicle batteries at a capacity of 13.68gw, slightly lower than the passenger car of 14.30gw, and in 2018 it will be loaded in 7.78gw, exceeding the passenger vehicle of 2.34gw.
2.3 Forecasts of the size of the domestic power cell market since 2012 when the State began supporting the development of new energy vehicles, policy documents have been issued, with the cumulative production of new energy vehicles reaching 500,000 in 2015 and the target of 2 million in 2020 as industry efforts to increase the current rate of industry growth
On the basis of the above analysis of trends in new-energy vehicle production targets and battery loads, it is possible to estimate the power cell market over the next three years that we expect 1.1 million new-energy vehicles with 51.7gw installed in 2018 and 2 million installed in 2020.
In 2017, the annual rate of compound growth in installed capacity was 40.27 per cent. Of this total, 1.26 million vehicles were filled with pure electric power and 50.4gw batteries.3 The market space for batteries, at 3.1, continued to increase.
The rise reflects a rapid increase in the sales of new energy by car. Because of the three-dollar battery power density above the three-dimensionally efficient use of three-dollar batteries, the three-dollar ratio was 90% in the first half of 2018, the three-dollar ratio was 9.7% in the first half of 2018, and the passenger car was large and more safe, the trend was towards the three-dollar ratio of 92.6%, the three-dollar ratio was almost zero, and the energy density was not high.
The special car requires less security than passenger vehicles and less energy density than passenger cars, so there is a different market space for the special car, lithium and lithium tributary, which, owing to the large number of highly automated tri-cylinder batteries, costs are slightly lower than the direction of lithium phosphate.
Lithium decoy, 68.7% in the first half of 2018, but not excluding the possibility of a temporary recovery due to the increase in cobalt prices.
The annual triple power cell load of 27.83gw increased by 71 per cent from the same year to an expected 64.01gw by 2020, with a 58 per cent annual compound growth rate.In 2018, the high-end triple battery load for the vehicle market was estimated to be 21.89gw, a 110 per cent increase from the same year, with an annual compound growth rate of 53.28gw expected by 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 72.2 per cent.
3.2.1 Soft-pack cells have a high energy density and can be divided broadly into three types from the outside of the battery: a package, a square, and a cylinder. Compared squares and a cylinder, the package has a greater advantage in terms of energy density, safety, and plasticity:
High energy density: rectangular and cylindrical cells are made of steel or aluminium metal casings with a thickness of 4-10 mm, while soft casings have only one layer of aluminium plastic membrane of 80-120m, with a clearly higher energy density of the mass of soft-packed batteries under equal conditions, and a higher volume energy density than a higher volume density than a good safety: square and cylindrical power stations use metal casings, extreme cases of electrolytic liquid gas, and batteries cannot be released due to the containment gas from the outer shell.
Inner pressure increases, and when pressure is too high, it explodes, which is the most important reason for battery safety. And the soft-pack casings use a more extended aluminium plastic film, even if electrolytic liquid gas is produced, and the batteries are packed and the internal pressure is released, thus resolving battery safety from the background.
Soft bags have gradually replaced cylindrical batteries in the notebook field, while smartphones and platform computers have almost all of them.
Because of these advantages, in an era when consumption was the main lithium battery demand, the software package gained an absolute advantage, and since 2011 has been accompanied by the spread of smart hands and panels and a gradual increase in the share of soft packages, reaching 45.2 per cent in 2014 and 45.2 per cent in 2015, due to the rapid growth in power cell demand, the square cell process has become easier to make a standard power module, the country ' s rectangular lithium phosphate battery has taken the lead, and the market has grown rapidly.
Cylinder batteries are also marketed under Tesla's lead and consumer battery manufacturers, and soft-pack batteries are lagging behind due to the complexity of the process. Soft bags rose to 38.2% in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 1.7 pt over the same period last year. 3.2.3 Soft-pack markets for power batteries will continue to increase.
The number of power batteries installed since 2015 by major soft battery manufacturers, such as digital technology, alpine a123, micromagnetic power, Tianjinjewie, Beijing National Energy, Kani New Energy, Lake State Tenseng, Multifluoride, Guangdong Sky Power, was 4.24gw in 2017, representing 11.71 per cent of the same power battery load, and 1.73gw in the first half of 2018, or 11.09 per cent.
Soft-pack batteries have many natural advantages, the main disadvantages being the price of aluminium plastics and the efficiency of formations, but as aluminium plastics are gradually being replaced by national production, so will the price of aluminium plastics, while the technology is improving, and the efficiency of squares and packagings is being reduced. For new energy vehicles, the advantages of safety and high energy density will become more pronounced, and the market share will increase further in the future.
Cylinder cells have the highest number of cores, bms control complex, high risk for small and medium-sized passenger vehicles with insufficient technological accumulation, and may not be entirely suitable for the vehicle market. Long-term Cylinder markets may be less than squares and soft bags. In past consumption of batteries, flexible packages should have a market of at least 30%.
There are currently many types of pure electricity and plug-in vehicles in the country, such as the new North Gas Lite, the Big Mitsubishi Ji, the Bozoe 100, and the Esquire 400. Foreign car companies have higher safety requirements, and power cells use soft-packed technology routes, such as the offshore best-selling pure electric leaf, which uses the Nec Soft Pack battery, and so far the Japanese Leaf has accumulated more than 320,000 sales.
Figure 30. Domestic soft-packed battery models, based on conservative, neutral and optimistic assumptions, predict a 30 per cent and 40 per cent share of the new energy-borne vehicle market in 2020, will be the fastest-growing segment of the lithium-cell market.
3.2.4 There are structural deficiencies in the production capacity of soft-packed batteries, and a number of companies have set ambitious expansion targets, such as 20gw by 2020, but the current cash flow of power cell companies is generally poor, and only firms that raise funds are able to implement expansion schemes, such as 5 billion words technologyc, which expands to about 10-12gw by the end of 2020.
It appears that there is excess capacity; but in particular, the national energy of lithium phosphate is overwhelmingly dominated by titanium, the micro-magnetic power is dominated by titanium, the actual three-dollar power package in 18-20 is approximately 10.7, 21.5 and 36.5gw, and the production capacity of the Tanio and the camels is partly supplied with power to deactivate batteries, the power of the Jaiwei, Penghui and the energy of the sky is supplied. The main demand for the three-dollar soft-pack batteries is from passenger vehicles and special-purpose vehicles, with 6.39, 13.38 and 26.49gw in 18-20, respectively.
The package capacity is not adequate, the high-end power of three dollars is not even structurally adequate. 400 million latitudes of Lithium can match high nickel, with greater income elasticity. 4.1 issue 9gw production line completed, expanding market share.
4.1.1 The completion of the 9gw stage is based on the 1.5gw cylinder tri-dollar battery production line in Huezhou, where the company has invested in the construction of 2.5gw of titanium phosphate, 2.5gw of tri-cylinder, 1.5gw of tri-class and 1.5gw lithium ion battery production line, which has now generated a total of 9gw capacity.
In addition to the power batteries, the company consumes two other lines of lithium-cobalt soft-packed batteries, and after the gold-energy batteries were acquired in January 2018, the company ' s consumption of lithium-cobalt soft-pack batteries was able to produce 600,000 units per day and produced about 1 gw.
Since 2015, the concentration of lithium batteries has increased from 26 per cent to 63 per cent, mainly as a result of an increase in the city ' s share of the Ninder era from 9.8 per cent to 42.9 per cent, while cr5 rose from 44.4 per cent to 78.0 per cent,cr10 from 45.9 per cent to 87.5 per cent, and the lithium battery market was largely top 10.
In these fierce competitions, only two, apart from the long Ningde era, have maintained a steady increase in their market share over the past four years, namely, technologically capable and Lithium billion latitudes, which now account for 4.7% and 3.5% of the city, respectively.
Even the top ten have fallen, more small businesses have withdrawn from the power cell market, and the first round of industry shuffling is halfway through. In 2015, the billion latitudes were able to enter the power cell market, with sales rankings after 10 in 2016, and 8th in 2017, and 5th in the first half of 2018.
Figure 35. The concentration of power cell markets at the Cr. 5 to 77.5 per cent, with 4.2 high nickel pioneers. The Medium- to Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry sets out specific requirements for battery energy intensity: “In 2020, single-body energy will reach 300 W.
One of the main ways to increase energy density is to increase the ratio of nickel to positive materials, using different ncm ncm ncm positive material cell energy density fractions in flexible batteries. The high nickel trinity has become a common understanding of the direction of the battery industry.
The increase in energy density is not significant, with 532 only being a transition product from an upgrade of 111 to 622; through an upgrade of 532 to 622, the relevant technology is tested twice, and many of the top technology plants abroad have chosen to skip 532 directly to 622 upgrades. But, at the time, the domestic technology of 622 packages was not mature, and many domestic mainstream manufacturers still use 532 positive materials for the sake of safety.
Lithium 1 billion latitudes, based on loose technologies, all of the diaphragms are imported raw materials, companies have a clear understanding of what their technology is and, in the long term, they start with 622 positive poles, one year or so ahead of the industry. 811 won in 2018, a large number of battery manufacturers began partially switching to produce 881 products, and billions of latitudes have completed 811 cylinders.
The high nickel batteries are more gas-producing, resulting in a soft package of batteries, which has been slower than the cylinders and direction. Soft package production lines are now dominated by 622 products, while the main domestic soft package competitors are still dominated by 532 batteries.
The company is learning to digest 811 packages of batteries, and the next year is expected to see the launch of 811 packages of batteries, which will be the first batch of 811 packages of batteries and will continue to take the lead in the industry. 4.3 Soft packages operators, in close technical cooperation with sk
4.2.1 By the time the bulk of the power package was marketed in 2009, the company had a flexible package of lithium-cell production line for polymers, and it has nearly 10 years of experience in producing consumer-type Soft-cells. 1.5gw power-packed line was designed to be constructed according to the technical standards of ksk, and all critical equipment was imported with a very high degree of automation.
The importance attached by the division to soft-pack battery technology is evident. The construction of the production line is currently in the final stages of commissioning, and it is expected that 4.2.2 Koreask will be able to cooperate in depth in four quarters or at the end of the year.
Energyco., Limited (bde) applied for a loan of up to $500 million, with an annual interest rate of only 2% for a period of 54 months, and the company offered pledge guarantees with 60% of the energy of the billion latitudes, which were dedicated to car-related operations with soft-packed battery cores, vehicle-based soft-packed battery modules, and storage cells for new high-end energy sources.
In the car market, goods and services are provided to high-end domestic and foreign customers. Four of the four members of the billion-latitude energy executive board, Mr. Yoonyeasun and Mr. Kimjinyoung, are Korean nationals, and the Managing Director, Mr. Changyoungik, Deputy Director-General of Technology, Mr. Seoyungki, is also a good company of Korean nationality, board and executive team from the soft-cell manufacturing industry, rich soft-pack cell research and development, and production.
The manufacturing and management experience, which is conducive to the fast-tracking of high-end soft-packing batteries, enhances the company's overall bde in the power cell industry, which became the Korean sk battery China Holding Company, renamed Bluedragonergy in May this year.
One of the technical leaders of the guangzhenghangseng, currently owns 4gw Soft Pack Battery Lines in Korea, which includes Chiasoul and Daimler Benzb-clasev, among others, and is a core battery supplier for Daimler Mercedes.
Meeting the financial needs for approximately 1.5gw soft-packed battery line equipment will also facilitate the company ' s deepening of technical cooperation with sk by rapidly increasing the technology of soft-packed power cells and accelerating the pace of expansion of the company ' s soft-pack battery line.
In 2017, the company had a wide range of car companies, and dozens of new energy vehicles had entered the recommended directory of new energy vehicles, bringing orders to the company, but it also diverted the company’s attention from priority customers, focusing on car customers with few breakthroughs. In 2018, the company changed its past shotgun tactics to sniper gun tactics, focused its fire, and made every effort to raise its own self-interest with the major customers of international vehicles.
The main clients of the company’s passenger vehicles are the Nan Jinglong, Woo-Tung and Ji-Li Business, and the main customers of the logistics vehicles are the Nan Jing Jing Yong and the Royal.
The main clients of the power triple cylinder batteries are logistics vehicles and a00-grade passenger vehicles, some logistics vehicles have experienced slow return payments and low prices, increasing pressure on corporate cash flow, companies have offered to abandon some logistics vehicle customers, develop electronic tool-type customers, have obtained large orders from customers such as tti, 100d and Greborg, the electric utility international tap, and the second quarter of the cylinder battery production line has been switched to tool-type products, and bulk deliveries have begun.
4.5 The power cell industry, with greater income elasticity, cannot have only a single supplier for key parts of the car, and the company does not want the supplier to be in a strong position and generally supports one or two suppliers as Planb.
Correspondingly, it is likely that the company’s planb, which entered the Golden Dragon supply chain at 100% of latitudes in 2016, has jumped from Planb to Plana in 2018, with more than its rivals in terms of volume. There are no well-defined suppliers of the three-dimensional squares and the soft-pack batteries of North, Upper, and Gilly, and companies have access to their supply chains.
In addition, based on competitive considerations, the Nender era was characterized by a three-dimensional square battery focused on overseas markets, with a current capacity of about 1 gw, which is also a segment of relatively low competitive pressure.
In the Ningde era, where 42% of the city is now occupied, where future increases will be more costly, downstream customers will not sit idly by to see upstream monopolies formed, and when the efficiency of production management is taken into account as much as possible, we expect that the rate of increase in the city’s share will probably slow down when it exceeds 50%. And in the case of the billions of latitude lithium, which currently stands at less than 4%, as Planb, it will be easier to access markets with similar technological and product power.
In space, revenues are rising faster, and market expansion will be smoother if major customers are endorsed in the future if they are accredited as priority customers abroad. By measuring the elasticity of the Ningde era with the billions of latitude lithium, it is assumed that the current municipal share of the billion latitude lithium will rise from 4% to 8%, and that between 2019 and 2020, the elasticity of the billion latitudes is expected to exceed 10 percentage points in the Ningde era.
Welle shows that the scale of revenues has an impact, but the company does not change the incentives, and management has strong confidence in corporate growth. The industry is now expanding, with revenue first and foremost, in line with the current industry’s competitive situation.
In 2017, the company earned 1,091 million yuan, an increase of 40.6 per cent, and in 2017, the purchase of 100 per cent of Furant's shares was completed in stages, and the synergies between Furant and the company are now emerging through the process of digestion and integration over the past year.
The company will benefit from maintaining a high level of growth in the demand for smart traffic, the gradual replacement of smart meters, the pull of continuous good-guard network to the future demand for lithium primary batteries, and the company’s leading role in the lithium primary battery industry.
5.2 Consumption and storage batteries are gaining momentum. Company consumer batteries downstream are used mainly in areas such as electronic smoke, wearing equipment, including British Empire tobacco, Japanese tobacco jti, U.S. juul, Mi, Haman sound harman, Huaihu, etc., and demand for electronic smoke and wearing equipment continues to grow, as are consumer batteries.
Because of capacity constraints, the company acquired tcl gold energy batteries in 2017, raising the company’s consumer battery capacity to nearly 1gw. Gold energy batteries are derived from a management system that is looser to operate, is in a state of loss prior to the acquisition, is imported into the company’s regulatory system after the acquisition, is introduced to downstream customers, is now at a loss, and will make a profit contribution in the second half of the year.
In 2018, the company’s storage operations gained much in the area of communications, with China approaching 200 million orders from the Chinese towers, and as the price of lithium batteries continued to slip, the economy of lithium batteries in the field of storage energy was becoming apparent, and the market space was gradually opening.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City