CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Zoomlion Heavy Industry - A (000157 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Stock ownership plan to offer strong incentive to management
Target Price
RMB7.28
(Previous TP
RMB7.28)
Up/Downside
+22%
What's new? We believe the stock ownership plan that announced last Friday
Current Price
RMB5.99
will offer strong motivation to the management and key employees to deliver
China Capital Goods
sustainable earnings growth over the next three years, which should more than
offset the share incentive expense arising from this. We maintain our TP of
Wayne Fung, CFA
RMB7.28 (based on 1.4x 2019E P/B, on the back of 12%-13% ROE in 2019E-
21E). Reiterate BUY.
■ Details of the stock ownership plan. The participants include the core
Stock Data
employees. The purchase price is set at RMB2.75 per share. The lock-up
period is divided into three stages, with 40%, 30% and 30% of the shares to
be unlocked in 2020E, 2021E and 2022E respectively, subject to Zoomlion's
net profit targets during the period. Either of the following two criteria has to
Source: Bloomberg
be satisfied for each of the year: (1) In 2020/21/22, the net profit growth to
be no less than 80%/90%/100%, compared with the Benchmark (Benchmark
Shareholding Structure
= average net profit in 2017-19); (2) the total net profit in 2020-21 to grow 170%
from the Benchmark, and the total net profit in 2020-22 to grow 270% from the
Benchmark (Figure 1). The stock ownership plan is subject to the approval by
shareholders in EGM.
Source: HKEx, Shanghai Stock Exchange
Higher expense but higher employee incentive. Given that the underlying
Share Performance
shares of the stock ownership plan are the 390mn A shares (4.96% of total
o/s shares) the Company repurchased in 2Q19 (average price: RMB5.49), we
calculate that the total share incentive expense to Zoomlion to be RMB1bn in
2020E-22E. That's said, we believe the discount on purchase price (RMB2.75)
Source: Bloomberg
is attractive to the participants, offering strong incentive.
12-mth Price Performance
Investment in agricultural machinery segment. Zoomlion plans to invest
RMB2.05bn in 2020-25 (annual capex: RMB342mn) in the intelligent
agriculture machinery business in Wuhu. While the industry has been on a
downcycle, Zoomlion expects the favourable government policy to support the
upgrade of agriculture machinery will offer new opportunities. In 2018/1H19,
revenue from agricultural machinery accounted for only 5%/4% of the total
revenue. Zoomlion targets to achieve breakeven this year versus a loss in
2018. We fine-tuned our 2020E-21E earnings forecast by -0.5%/-0.5% after
Source: Bloomberg
incorporating the capex but have not modelled growth in this segment. Any
improvement will offer upside to our existing forecast.
Auditor: KPMG
Earnings Summary
Related Reports
Zoomlion (000157 CH, BUY) -
Raising earnings estimates on
Zoomlion (000157 CH, BUY) - Net
profit +196% YoY in 1H19 within
above expectations;
Earnings
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: CCMA, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Key catalysts: Rising infrastructure spending, resilient growth of property area under
construction, replacement of national emission standard (NES) III trucks, and market share
gain on tower crane and concrete machinery will all serve as share price catalysts.
Risk factors: (1) Unexpected weakness on property construction activities; (2) Slow
recovery of infrastructure spending; (3) High earnings volatility.
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore. CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.