Xinhua Insurance (601336) depth report, which is the most elastic of health insurance, shows a relative depth of 300 indexes.
The year saw the integration of marketing channels and service lines into “one risk channel”, with further transformations. Speeding up, one insurance channel raised the premium rate to around 20 per cent, while the silver insurance channel accelerated the contraction, with 80 per cent of the premium ratio; and 2 - building the workforce to insist on a “healthy sea” transition.
Proposing high performance, high productivity, high retention of a “three-high” workforce, with an average performance of 151,000 people in 2017, with a monthly average performance rate of around 50 per cent, with a per capita delivery capacity to sustain high-value operations and a continuous improvement in corporate value-creation capacity: 1 to 10 years.
This is a rapid increase to nearly 60 per cent, of which 10 years of risk account for nearly 80 per cent of the new list, and Research Assistant: Chang has increased the health insurance from 11.9 per cent in 2014 to 2017.
Research Assistant: Kwoon Webbing is expected to pick up at a faster pace, supporting the accelerated development of health risk operations and promoting faster growth in the value of new business and its intrinsic value.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: 1, core assumption: the size of a risk team increases over the next three years Risk factors: human development below expectations, guaranteed business sales below expectations, investment winds, deep-drawn life-risk industrial chains, companies growing in strength
1.1 The Xinhua Life Insurance Company Limited (Ninhua Insurance) was formally established in September 1996 with the approval of the State Council and the People's Bank of China, with its headquarters in Beijing, and is a national professional.
Large Life Insurance Corporation, “a+h” was listed simultaneously in 2011. Figure 1. Xinhua Insurance history and evolution: Xinhua Home Home Old Age Enterprise, 2012
Xinhua was established in 2013 by the Central Money Remittance Corporation, Management (Beijing) Ltd.
In 2016, the name was changed to Xinhua Home Seniors and became the first major shareholder.
Services (Beijing) Ltd. 2006, Holdings, 2012, Xinhua
"a+h" Synchronization of Health Excellence Investment Management, Old Insurance Co. Ltd.
After 22 years of development, Xinhua's operations under the Xinhua flag have been divided into personal insurance, healthy old-age pension, asset management, three main lines of business with life insurance, old-age insurance, pension services, health management, assets.
Management and other operators, the life-risk industry chain is expanding. The data disclosed by the Silver Insurance Board Network show that the original premium revenue for Xinhua life in 2017 was $109,294 million, representing a market share of 4.2%, which is lower than in previous years, mainly due to the company’s initiative to transform and reduce the size of the low-value premium, which is the size of the silver cover channel.
Figure 2. Xinhua Insurance's main business block 1.2 Share structure of treasury holdings h shares of $1.03 billion, or 33.1 per cent. As at 31 December 2017, Xinhua Insurance's main shareholders were:
Central remittance companies, the Chinese Bowa Group and the Credit Union Corporation held 31.34 per cent, 12.09 per cent and 2.86 per cent respectively, of which the shares of Central remittance companies have remained above 30 per cent since they entered the capital in 2009, and the company ' s 2017 annual report shows that the shareholders in Central money transfer companies are Chinese investors, and that China ' s BMW Group is in control.
The shareholders are the State Treasury Committee of the Department of State, and no company is a shareholder of the company, but through investment relationships, agreements or other arrangements it can actually dominate the company’s behaviour, and Xinhua Insurance has no real control.
Xinhua Insurance has been at the heart of Xinhua Life Insurance for 22 years, and Xinhua Life Insurance has remained at a high level until 2013, with a market share close to 10% in the first line of the industry. Since 2014, Xinhua Insurance has maintained a value-centred business approach to controlling low prices.
The size of the value premium, which accelerated the pace of the transition in 2015-2017, reduced the premium to almost zero size, and the firm ' s business structure improved rapidly, but the abandonment of the premium contributed to a decline in market share from 4.2 per cent in 2017.
After benefiting from the steady growth of life insurance operations, Xinhua Insurance maintained a steady inflow of cash flows until 2014, during which total assets grew rapidly, but following the accelerated pace of transformation in 2015, corporate cash flows continued to drive a steady increase in net assets and, as of late 2017, Xinhua Insurance was owned by the parent.
Xinhua life has been steadily increasing since 2011, reaching 227 per cent by the end of 2015, benefiting from a good operational structure with an improved Xinhua liability rate of 281 per cent by the end of 2015, almost two figures.
2. Rapid improvements in the business structure, rapid increases in value-creation capacity, high medium- and high-growth growth of 2.1 insurance coverage, rapid decline in the size of the insurance operations, rapid differentiation of insurance and silver insurance channels. Xinhua insurance coverage has been growing steadily, with 2011-2015.
The annual rate of increase has been declining year by year, from 25 per cent in 2011 to 11.1 per cent in 2015, but the rate of increase has remained more than double-digit. The size of the premium has been stable since 2011, with a slight negative or moderate increase.
Integration of service lines into risk-based channels to speed up the pace of transition. In 2016, to enhance their specialization and improve their management effectiveness, Xinhua Insurance consolidated two channels into "one" because of the consistency between the former insurance marketing channels and the service lines in terms of marketing methods, client groups, and management models.
In 2016, the rate of increase in insurance premiums increased to around 20%, and at the end of the year, the ratio of insurance premiums to insurance premiums reached 80% and exceeded the life of the country in the main professions.
Figure 11. Share of insurance revenues from the major life insurance companies ' individual insurance channels in 2.2 maintains high-quality workforce development, actively building up three high-level teams that reject inefficient human routes. The growth in size is relatively low. Xinhua insurance is strong in team-building.
The transition to a “healthy sea” has been a relatively low-scale human growth compared to the dominant industry model. Since 2013, the Xinhua premium manpower has only slightly outpaced the industry in 2015, with insurance only 9.0/6.1% for the rest of the year, rising only slightly above the high base for life in 2017, and at peace with the Xinhua life insurance policy.
In 2015, it was proposed to deepen the transformation of the "healthy sea" and to continue to improve the training system to facilitate the development of the workforce through the introduction of basic laws; in 2016, it was proposed that the “healthy sea” should be transformed into a three-high team.
The development strategy of “stable high school level, moderate mobility at the bottom” has continued to promote empowerment, inheritance, empowerment, and empowerment.
The “three rights” of the right to cross-geographically operational development is on the ground, promoting high-quality workforce development. Over the past three years, the Xinhua Insurance Initiative has seen a steady growth in its average monthly performance of 151,000 people in 2017, with a monthly average performance rate of 50 per cent at a rapid pace of 2.3 risk periods and improved operational quality.
The Xinhua insurance system continued with a relatively short period of time, which was difficult to sustain until 2015, leading to a rapid increase in the total period of time of the Xinhua insurance period, and a return of nearly 20 per cent of the Xinhua insurance period of the Xinhua insurance period of the Xinhua insurance period of the Xinhua insurance period.
The rate of premiums contracted rapidly, reaching 96.3 per cent in 2017, with a rapid increase in the number of new single-phase insurance payments, which accounted for more than 90 per cent of the total. Until 2013, Xinhua Insurance had been growing at a lower rate, although one of the insurance channels was slightly better than that of silver insurance, the rate of increase was largely negative.
Growth between regions. Starting in 2014, the rate of growth of the new one-time venture operation was 29.4 per cent, benefiting from rapid growth in the size and capacity of the risk team from 2015 to 2017, with a gradual reduction in the number of new one-time service lines, with a rapid recovery in 2016, 2017.
2.4 A rapid increase in core value operations, compared with the gradual increase in the share of Xinhua Insurance, which maintains a long-term roll-out of 11.5 billion new single-period payments in 2015 and more, reaching 18.3 billion in 2017, and benefits from a sharp decline in premium payments, from 21.9 per cent to 21.9 per cent of the new policy
A rapid increase to 57.5% has gone beyond the Xinhua insurance policy, which has been a good transition in recent years. The ten-year ratio is still rising steadily if one is viewed alone, and the ten-year share of the new list of insurance in 2014 is already up to the figure 21.
In terms of product strategy, Xinhua Insurance insists on health insurance: in September 2015, Xinhua introduced two months of healthy new products to achieve a new policy income of 1,452 million yuan.
In 2016, a series of market-led guaranteed products were developed, with the first annual premium of $6.5 billion for the “Healthy Care” series, which took the lead in many of the market's most highly-adverse products.
In the future, Xinhua Insurance will continue to promote health insurance as a new business growth point, providing clients with a full range of risk guarantees through a combination of additional and major insurance. In 2014, Xinhua Insurance Health Insurance will only cost $5.3 billion.
By 2017, the health insurance premium had reached $11.2 billion, a three-year doubling of the new business value of 2.5, a sharp rise in value to industry ' s leading level, and a fall in the rate of new business value growth, which continued to grow at a high rate.
It appears that, as a result indicator, the new business value of Xinhua Insurance has also been on a high-growth long-range path since 2014. The new business value was only 4.2 billion in 2013 and remained stagnant in previous years, and since 2014 the new business value rate has risen rapidly to the industry ' s leading level.
The annual health insurance coverage rose to 35.1 per cent of the new list, with a corresponding increase in the value of the new business, reaching 39.7 per cent in 2017, reaching a life-sustainable risk of consistently maintaining a value-based business, and slightly exceeding the life-save insurance that successfully transformed the larger risk.
2.6 Inline value increases faster than the remaining marginality, laying a solid foundation for future profits, and the continued rapid growth in the value of new business drives Xinhua Insurance to maintain a faster rate of growth in its effective business value, reaching $60.3 billion at the end of 2017, a 25.2 per cent increase, while Xinhua Insurance achieves sustained profitability.
A robust growth in net assets, which in turn drives a moderate high growth in intrinsic value, and a compound increase in 2012-2017 The essence of the remaining margin (residualmargin) is an unrealized profit (pre-tax) from stock operations, meaning similar to the value of effective operations, although at discount rates, actuarial assumptions, capital costs, taxes, etc.
The factors vary, but they represent the value that the future of stock operations will bring to the company. At the end of 2017, the remaining margin balance of Xinhua insurance amounted to $17.4 billion, an increase of 20.9 per cent over the same period. Under current accounting standards, rapid growth provides a good basis for companies to continue to achieve higher profits in the future.
3. The pace of growth in the size of investment assets has slowed, the rate of return on investment has been robust, the rate of return on investment 3.1 has been reduced in recent years, and the pace of growth in investment assets has slowed. Prior to 2013, Xinhua Insurance had an annual cash flow of more than $50 billion in operating activities, but from 2014 onwards.
As a result of the fall in premiums, cash inflows fell rapidly, and, following the accelerated transition in 2015, operating cash flows fell sharply to less than 10 billion dollars, representing no more than 10% of the premium income. With the complete loss of the Xinhua insurance cash flow, a marked improvement is expected to begin in 2018.
In terms of the size of investment assets, Xinhua Insurance increased its investment assets by 28 per cent in 2012, but with a relatively radical asset allocation from 2013 to 3.2, with a high rating for unvalued investments, and a relatively aggressive investment style from Xinhua Insurance, with term deposits in combination with creditor-type financial assets
In terms of structure, with the increase in the allocation of equity-based financial assets until 2014, a significant amount of time deposits began to be converted into creditor-based financial assets in 2012, mainly non-valued, with a marked increase in the base-to-value ratio of equity to non-target investments.
After 29.1 billion yuan, which grew rapidly to 11.7 billion in 2015, it remained relatively stable, with 13.1% further in 2017, higher than China’s life expectancy, China’s peace and China’s Pacific Protection (CPP) major counterparts. Xinhua insurance non-supplier investment has increased rapidly over the past few years, from 121.4 billion yuan in 2014 to 19%, and has grown from year to year, to 2017.
The aaa level share has been higher than 95 per cent, but in the last three years there has been a downward trend in the aaaa level, with a stable return on investment from 99.3 per cent in 2015 and effective support for the built-in long-term investment assumption due to the higher fixed-income asset (term deposits, creditor-based financial assets) ratio and higher
Equity-based investment dividends and dividends, and interest dividends and dividends from Xinhua Insurance as a proportion of total investment returns have remained at a high level, with contributions to investment returns close to or above 90 per cent for the rest of the year except for the relatively low share of better-impacted equity market performance in 2015 (64 per cent).
In terms of return on investment, the average return on investment in 2011-2017 was 5.1% - 5.2%. The demand for insurance coverage in Xinhua is far from being fully released, and the trend towards a monthly improvement in life insurance premiums will continue.
In 2017, our personal insurance company received an original premium of 2.6 trillion yuan, a 20 per cent increase over the previous year, well above the gdp rate of 6.9 per cent, the personal insurance coverage depth of 3.15 per cent, and the insurance density of $1884, a certain increase compared to the previous year.
According to further data, in 2016, our continental area had a life insurance coverage density of only $190 and a depth of 2.34 per cent, significantly behind Japan, Korea, Singapore and our Hong Kong and Taiwan regions, market penetration figure 35.
Figure 36. Insurance density and depth in the major Asian countries and territories, 2016
After an increase of 48.9 per cent in single month in April, the health insurance premium of $42 billion was achieved in single month in May, a 28.7 per cent increase compared to the previous year. The rate of increase in single month, though decreasing, has remained high and the cumulative annual rate of increase in health insurance has been driven by our judgement that the lower level of last year ' s base will remain at a certain level after June.
Positive growth, while renewal premiums will benefit from the rapid growth of new single periods in previous years, will be sustained at a faster rate, with new improvements in consecutive increases and increases in premiums for the personal insurance industry continuing to improve on a monthly basis.
Figure 38. Revenue from and increase in the original premium for health insurance will be further slowed by 4.2 manpower growth, which will be critical in terms of workforce retention and efficiency gains: in 2017, the number of insurance salesmen reached 8.07 million, an increase of 23 per cent compared to the previous year, but at a faster rate than 2015 and 2016
In the first quarter of 2018, under the influence of high interest rate shocks and tight regulation, life insurance companies opened their doors, were generally not ideal, and the ability of marketing agents to produce was significantly lower than in the same period last year, with reduced capacity and limited income growth, the retention of the workforce was a major challenge for life insurance companies, which were expected to face in 2018.
With the end of high-scale growth in the workforce, efficiency gains become the main driving force behind life-risk companies’ business development. In particular, in the case of poor marketing of savings-based products, long-term security operations, such as health insurance, are life-saving risks.
The Division ' s main business growth points, with sufficient operating costs, long duration and high new business value rates, contribute to the long-term sustainability of life insurance companies and facilitate the transition from life insurance to high-quality development.
Long face-to-face communication is more difficult to sell. Thus, companies with a high workforce and a strong sales capacity will sink more effective manpower, while firms with a less qualified workforce will face a significant drop in the number of newcomers and 4.3 new one-time growth pressure, but a faster growth of the safeguard business is expected.
New single-stage growth in life insurance is largely driven by manpower, and a slower rate of growth in human capacity will put pressure on new one-time growth. In 2015-2017, the new single-time growth rate in the life-risk industry will be higher than that of just one risk channel.
In one of the thematic studies of the insurance industry, the introduction of life insurance and insurance coverage shows that the rate of growth in the new single period of insurance is largely driven by growth in the size of the workforce, and that the contribution of productivity growth is very limited. As a result, given the slow pace of human growth, short-term roll-over operations of low value are not considered.
This year's growth in the new single cycle of life insurance companies is not encouraging, with negative growth of varying degrees in the first quarter except for the life of the nation. While the second quarter has improved and the drop will narrow, it is expected to be safe, eunuch, and Xinhua savings-type business sales are lower than expected, resulting in a passive improvement in the business structure.
The value of the new operations in the first quarter of the life and health insurance operations decreased by 7.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, significantly less than 16.6 per cent of the cost of the new policies, the value of the new operations increased from 27.2 per cent to 30.2 per cent, and the structure of the operations improved.
Business increases, and the corresponding decline is not more than 7.5%. Life insurance companies, with new single-stage delivery channels, can be divided from low to high to short-term finance, medium- and long-term savings, and long-term security.
Low short-term finance operations, so long-term guaranteed business growth, while not ideal when the sales of savings-type operations fall significantly short of expectations, will increase passively as long as the decline is relatively small.
In terms of industry premiums, 46.8 billion dollars, or 48.9 per cent more, in April, contributed to a negative shift in the cumulative health insurance increase from 42 billion dollars in May to 28.7 per cent in May.
6% increased to 9.3%, and health risks are expected to expand as companies increase their market inputs and numbers. But consumer acceptance of secure products is a gradual process.
Companies with better human capacity and effectiveness are expected to grow at a faster rate of double-digit growth throughout the year. Given the high ratio of fixed-income-type assets allocated to insurance funds, this will help to increase the net return on investment of insurance companies on new premiums and, in turn, the overall rate of return on the company’s investment.
The level of the rate is favourable to fixed income-type investments by insurance companies, but the total return on investment is heavily dependent on entitlement. The six-month rate of return on investment in insurance funds will decline, with a more pronounced impact on Chinese profits that have implemented accounting standards related to new financial instruments.
The life insurance company’s traditional risk reserve discount rate is a premium on a 750-day moving average rate of return on public debt, which lags behind the benchmark rate of return. As the rate of return on public debt begins in the second half of 2016, the cutback point for the reserve is already in place in the second half of 2017 and will continue to run in 2018.
In recent years, Xinhua Insurance has been steadfast in its transformational development, following the path of incremental premium growth, and has made significant progress in the development of future and, in particular, long-term delivery operations. In response to the demands of the people of the new era for risk protection, it has made great efforts to develop guaranteed products such as old age, health, medical care, life insurance, accident insurance, etc., with additional insurance as a new option.
On the team side, high-quality development has also been pursued, with marketing professionals being “risk managers” who provide life, old, disease, death, and disability risk management plans, focusing on enhancing the viability of marketing staff and investing in performance, productivity and retention of “three-high” teams.
It is more difficult to raise the size of the workforce significantly. Construction and new business values are almost the same as they were in 2017, and investment returns are assessed on the basis of built-in values for remote vacations, combined with industry trends, corporate performance, and our key assumptions for Xinhua Insurance, the core.
Table 2. Core indicators forecast results New business values: production capacity of risk teams dropped significantly due to the macro-environment and regulatory tightening, new single-phase growth in 2018 was not optimal, and the rate of growth of new business values would be significantly slower and negative, but
Inherent value: the expected return on stable intrinsic value promotes steady value growth, but new business Net profit: the faster growth of the remaining margin provides the basis for a steady release of corporate profits, and the continued upturn in the 2018 reserve rate is also conducive to the release of profits for the year before the return on investment is stable
The net profit will continue to grow faster over the next three years. 5.2 The company’s valuation and investment proposal.
And Xinhua Insurance, based on historical data, the Chinese life and Xinhua insurance static pev times 1-1.5 times left right, which has been going down since 2018, is now about 0.9 times higher, and the market is undervalued.
Xinhua Insurance is in a critical phase of transition, with companies adhering to a health-risk transition and vigorously developing high-value, long-term life-support businesses, and the workforce actively building high performance, high productivity, and high retention.”
High team. According to our projections, the new business value will grow negative in 2018, with the added value.