Transition to the harvest period, reserve release of increased performance - Xinhua Insurance Insight Report Xinhua Insurance/Commercial Insight Report
• State capital background, the first insurance company to be listed in the a+h stock market. In 2007, the Insurance Guarantee Fund was awarded as the company's first shareholder. Since then, the State capital has continued to dominate the company's shareholdings, with 31.34 per cent of the current stockholdings and 12.09 per cent of the stockholdings of the Treasure Group; Xinhua Insurance 2011
Compared with the trend of depth of 300, the industry is now listed at a +h, with a total of 159 million shares in a share and 412 million shares in h, the country's first insurance company to be listed at a +h share.
• A strong push for transformational development, two-stage, multi-practice life-risk optimization Multi-initiative optimization of life-risk operations in 2011-2014: companies adhere to a client-centred strategic transformation, taking into account business restructuring; 2015-2020 has been a remarkable period of transition performance: a value-focused shift to accelerate operations and products
• Insurance channels, optimized structures, and robust value growth The company has renewed its model of development, with emphasis on long-term transition operations and increased restructuring of its operations. The transformation has now shown some success, mainly in: (1) the acceleration of life insurance premiums; and (2) the closing of channels
The structure is constantly being optimized, and there has been a marked contraction in silver insurance and bonding; (3) an increase in the number of insurance channels and a double increase in the quality of life insurance agents; (4) an increase in the value of the main-promotion guarantee scheme, the higher value of the guaranteed product, the higher value of the aid company nbvmargin, the former company nbvmargin, which has gone beyond peace and security; and (5) an increase in the rate of renewal of the policy.
• Assessment of interest rates higher than the same period in 2017, with Xinhua Insurance accounting accounting having the greatest profit elasticity
National life will be reduced by $49.6, 58.2, 41.4 million, and 14,150 million respectively, which is the most elastic of Xinhua insurance accounting profit compared to the absolute amount of net profit. The annual premium revenue has improved significantly, with interest rates assessed to encourage companies to make a continuous release of accounting profits during the year.
It is expected that performance growth will be sustained with a “recommended” investment rating, with companies now having strong performance against pev in 2018 and continued improvement in premium revenues — Xinhua Insurance medium-term performance forecast for 2018
2. In-depth report on the non-banking financial sector of the population The sale of guaranteed products is not as fast as expected: the transition is not as fast as expected (20180709).
I. Country-owned background, a+h stock listing insurance company (i) Multiplicity of operations dominated by Xinhua Insurance was established as Xinhua Insurance.
The opening ceremony was held in the People’s Hall. The company’s master life insurance business was launched with a rapid growth and the following year, with insurance revenues of $1,386 million, the second largest market in Beijing.
By 2017, Xinhua Insurance had reached 35 provincial branches, fully completing the national institutional network layout. Multi-industry layout, opening up a diversified business model. In 2006, the company contributed $5 million to the establishment of the Xinhua Asset Management Unit.
Xinhua Insurance now owns 12 holding companies and several alliances, joint ventures, and operates in a variety of areas, including capital, electricity, old age, health, and real estate, and has successfully opened a diversified business model. Expanding overseas industries towards internationalization.
The establishment of the first Xinhua insurance subsidiary outside the mainland region is an important step towards internationalization of the company.
(ii) Insurance companies whose first a+h shares were listed were initially divided and their shares transferred frequently. In 1996, 15 sponsors, such as the Treasure and Steel Group, the Shunhua Group and others, co-financed $500 million to set up Xinhua Insurance, with an average of about 10 per cent of the major shareholders and a relatively fragmented shareholding.
The Aiti Group of China transferred 50 million shares of its holdings to China-China Holdings at a full cost of $2.6 a share. As of 2007, 21 transfers had taken place before the Insurance Guarantee Fund entered the stock.
The total equity of the company increased to $600.8 million, while the capital stock of the company increased at a premium to the capital stock, which increased at a premium to $1.2 billion, and the Zurich insurance company became the company’s first major shareholder.
In May 2007, the Insurance Guarantee Fund received 38.82% of the company ' s shares at a price of $5.99 per share, making it the company ' s first shareholder at that time. In 2009, the money transfer company received the entire share of the Xinhua insurance that was held by the Insurance Guarantee Fund, making it the Xinhua Insurance ' s first share at 38.81% of the share held by the Insurance Guarantee Fund.
The first insurance company in the country, a+h share, was listed simultaneously. In 2011, Xinhua insurance was listed simultaneously. For the first time, Xinhua insurance was issued in public shares, a total of 159 million shares, at $23.25 per share; and Xinhua shares, a total of 412 million shares, each in figure 3: history of changes in Xinhua insurance equity.
(iii) State-owned shareholdings were dominated in 2007 by stockholdings in the Insurance Guarantee Fund. After listing in 2011, the Central Money Transfer Corporation held 30.62 per cent of the shares, the company ' s first shareholder and the Treasure Group ' s 14.81 per cent, and the company ' s second largest share.
East. The dominance of State-owned assets over Xinhua Insurance has been effective in promoting firm sound and regulated development. As of 2017, the company held 31.34 per cent of the shares, the BMW Group 12.09 per cent, and the Hong Kong Central Bank Limited 33.14 per cent.
(iv) The size of Xinhua insurance assets in the life insurance market, ranked in the previous industry, has been growing steadily. After the company was listed in 2011, the size of the assets has increased considerably, with a total asset of 49,369.3 million yuan in 2012, an increase of 27.64 per cent over the previous year; it has been affected by the transition factor, the recent asset schedule
The rate of growth was lower, with Xinhua insurance total assets totalling $710.275 billion in 2017, breaking the 700 billion mark for the first time, and there are still some differences in the size of production compared to the other three listed companies. Life insurance markets are among the highest in the industry.
There has been a certain decline, and there has recently been a steady upturn, with the premium market now accounting for about 4%, closer to the level of the three insurance companies, Taekang, Human Security, and Taiping, leading the life insurance company. The company ' s 8.8% in 2017 was significantly lower than the three remaining insurance companies, largely affected by the transition factors, and lower base.
On July 18, Xinhua Insurance issued an advance announcement on mid-term performance in 2018, SG II. Focus on long-term security, and a determined transformation of life insurance operations (I) Phase I (2011-2014): to maintain a client-centred strategic transformation.
With the introduction of a+h stock in 2011, Xinhua Insurance has been able to optimize and adjust the traditional model in a new situation, making the strategic shift to “customer-centred” a top priority, and gradually starting to restructure its operations and products. By 2014, the overall system had matured, with policies, institutions, workforces, training, products, operations, IT, wind control,
The development of the financial system has been synchronized, resulting in a convergence of efforts to transform the “customer-centred” strategy, with the operational structure focusing on the operation of long-term delivery products, gradually increasing the scale of the delivery and achieving some results in optimizing the corporate business structure.
In terms of product structure, there is a consistent return to the source of security, an increase in the scale of the guaranteed risk types, such as health and traditional life insurance, and an increase in the proportion of the guaranteed risk species in the overall product structure and the pursuit of steady and long-term growth in performance.
Client life-cycle services: core, policy, institution, team, training, products, battalion, IT, wind control, financial systems development synchronized and developed
(ii) Phase II (2015-2020): Focus on value transformation, accelerating business and production.
The first step is to accelerate the transition: 2016-2017, with a view to gradually replacing the surcharge of premiums with the surcharge of premium premiums, initially establishing and renewing the modalities for business development. In 2016, the Chairman of the Board of Directors presented the focus period.
Business, shrinking development planning, companies are on a value-conversion path, and strategic reforms are strongly supported by multi-stakeholder resources and firmly implemented at the implementation level. Companies create a special “three-high team” on the basis of a stable supply of agents, thereby contributing to an increase in the value of new business, thereby driving new business prices.
A steady increase in values and intrinsic values. Figure 9: The two-step path to the transformation of life-risk operations forms a complete pattern of continuous push development
In order to ensure that the premium increases are paid and renewed, in lieu of the premium payments, emphasis is placed on the development of long-term transactional operations.
(a) Optimizing the structure of long-term products and channels; (b) positive return; and (c) creating a “three-high team” of insurance agents: optimizing the structure of the duration and channels and enhancing the value of new operations
Xinhua Insurance has shrunk its operations, expanded its period of service, raised its premium revenue, and aimed at a transformation of its business life structure. The company is simultaneously restructuring its duration through agents and silver insurance, focusing on the start-up of its operations, and is leading to the rapid development of the two-channel turn-over operation by strengthening merit-building and the operation of its phased hand-over products.
In the broader context of a shift in corporate value, companies have been active in restructuring their life insurance operations and in developing individual channels while reducing the size of their premium revenues.
Actively return to security, expanding the size of guaranteed products such as health insurance, adhering to the guidelines of “insurance insurance”, accelerating the expansion of guaranteed products such as health insurance, continuously optimizing product formation, and providing a constant incentive for companies to develop robustly over the long term.
The “three teams” of insurance agents have developed “three-high” team-building standards for “high performance, high productivity, high retention” that have been enhanced through policy guidance and indicator testing.
(i) Life insurance premiums rebounded at an increased rate, gradually warming.
Revenues of $10,7928 million, a decline of 3.24 per cent over the same period, are significantly lower in the transition period than in the other three listed companies, and the transition period is more pronounced. In 2018, the company gradually entered the harvest period for the gains of the transition, and the impact of the transition period on the Xinhua insurance premium income was reduced, with the original life insurance premium rising by 8.91 per cent as of May.
(ii) There has been a marked decline in the number of new bond payments, which have been the backbone of the New Xinhua Insurance policy revenue before the transition, with a ratio of more than 60 per cent, and 72.05 per cent of the revenue from the new policy in 2014, which was the first year.
There is a growing trend in premium revenue over time + periods. As of 2017, Xinhua Insurance personal life insurance operations have basically been driven by the current trend to roll-over and roll-over products, which together account for 85.34 per cent of the total, and the new policy premiums have become more permanent.
Xinhua Insurance has been the company ' s most important sales channel since the first conversion of the silver cover channel in 2013, and pre-2013 revenues from the silver cover account for more than 50 per cent of the company ' s new policy premium, while Xinhua Insurance has been proactive in adjusting the sale of the silver cover channel during the transition period, and has been growing negatively for nearly three years.
By 2017, the premium ratio for the silver insurance channel had fallen by less than 20 per cent. Figure 16: Clear decline in the share of a new portfolio of insurance operations. Figure 20: Year-on-year decline in the premium for the silver insurance channel for the third year in a row (millions)
Figure 21: The premium for silver insurance channels is constantly compressed (iii) the insurance channels are growing, life insurance agents are of double quality, manpower is growing steadily, and attention is being paid to merit-based workforces.
Xinhua Insurance’s proxy channels have increased significantly in comparison with other listed insurance companies, resulting in a small per capita increase in production capacity. The company’s agent channels premium in 2017 has been exceeded by (iv) guarantees for the return of insurance products, and the main pusher for the guaranteed type of insurance.
The share of early-year insurance is high. The share of fiscal-related insurance in the product structure of Xinhua insurance has been relatively large, with income from the insurance premium accounting for more than 60 per cent of total premiums until 2014, while the share of guaranteed insurance types, such as health insurance and traditional life insurance, was relatively low, with incomes from both categories amounted to only 5.5 per cent and 0.7 per cent in 2011.
Resolute transformation, return to security. As the transition deepens, the income from the guaranteed insurance premium has improved rapidly, and the ratio of health insurance premiums with the guarantee properties has risen gradually, to 28.6% in 2017, and the ratio of traditional life insurance premiums to income from traditional insurance premiums (v) focus on the optimization of the guarantee + premium structure, and the value and quality of life insurance operations have improved.
Focusing on long-term security, the value of life insurance operations has grown steadily. The company has developed a strong long-term business and a guaranteed product for health insurance, which has helped to upgrade the company as a whole, thanks to the high Nbvmargin for long-term security products.
The success of the structural transformation is evident in the case of two insurance companies that go beyond peace and security. Refund rates and insurance policies continue to improve. Xinhua insurance coverage was high in 2014 and 2015, owing to its dependence on finance-based products.
The pressure was reduced and the policy retention rate improved.
Xinhua Insurance has always been based on asset matching management, taking into account the security, liquidity and profitability of the management of the funds, which is worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Investment returns have remained stable at a level of return of over 5% in recent years. Time deposits have declined and the proportion of unattended assets has risen.
In the case of non-target investments, the amount invested in non-target assets as of 2017 was $24,963 million, in total investment assets.
Xinhua Insurance has been built around its “Ten Systems, Six Platforms, Three Capabilities, Two Co-operative Industries” strategic system, with a relatively significant increase in the availability of warehouse funds, the active placement of old-age pensions, the healthy industrial chain, and the "Ten Systems, Six Platforms, Three Capacitys, Two Co-operative Industries".
In 2012, Xinhua Insurance provided $15 million to set up a fully-owned subsidiary, focused on the management of old-age communities under the company’s umbrella, and accompanied by the National Pension Security Policy, which was commissioned by the Government.
In 2014, to expand the company’s old-age property project, Xinhua Insurance also established the Hainan Old-Age Project, which is responsible for investment, operation and management of old-age housing and support facilities in the Hainan region. In addition to expanding the industry, Xinhua Insurance focuses more on the promotion of single old-age property investments to diversified old-age services industries.
As a result of a number of replenishments and business adjustments by two subsidiaries, Xinhua and Hainan have now grown into integrated pension service companies with the capacity to build multi-purpose businesses in old-age communities, such as management, tourism therapy, health counselling, etc. Insurance guarantees + health management.
On this basis, Xinhua Insurance has been fully engaged in building health management centers throughout the country. Xinhua Health is the first insurance company in the country to have a health management investment platform approved by the China Insurance Board.
Health management, medical services, nursing services, and investments in health care are the main business, relying on a chained health management centre with the central advantages of “insurance + health management” to provide health management services to clients throughout their life cycle. Xinhua Jianxiang has established health management centres in 16 provinces and cities throughout the country.
Lemont International, two strategic partners, has over 100 health check-ups providing health management services to clients, covering most of the country ' s cities.
• Healthy Xinhua, a subsidiary of Xinhua in 2012, with registered capital • Healthy Xinhua in 2012, with a focus on investment in the health industry;
In 2014, the Xinhua retirement fund was increased to $562 million: and two health management centres were set up in Wuhan and Xian, and a new Hainan pension project company, with a registered capital of $760 million, was established.
• In 2014 injected two health centres, Xian and Wuhan, into the health of Xinhua and became fully-funded subsidiaries — 1.908 million yuan in 2015 in the replenishment of Henan's old-age pension
• Xinhua Old Age Replenishment to $964 million in 2016, life insurance companies entering profit release period and Xinhua insurance has the greatest elasticity