Reserve operations are expected to increase significantly, and companies are expected to grow at a rapid pace 114.82 per cent over the \triangleright period: net return returns of $3.509 billion, up from the same period in the previous year
The consumer battery industry is expected to warm up, and the demand for power cells is expected to improve significantly in q2.
q2 is expected to be a key point in the demand shift from weak to stronger, with the company's downstream client Pelican project releasing a new model of g6 at the Shanghai Car Fair, with a fleet of 440779 in March, and improved client demand is expected to boost the company's sales. And the 4680 cylinders are expected to increase.
It is expected that the company will be able to plan production in the areas of Hubei Gate, Sichuan Chengdu, Liaoning Shenyang, etc. Practice number: s15005220201, we expect a higher growth in the storage market in the future, and the company is expected to benefit. The company takes the lead.
\triangleright technology product lf560k, which uses ultra-large battery ctt technology, doubles the cost of the core and the system hierarchy and plans the world's first wall supply and maximum 60gwh storage capacity
Battery plant. By size, the company is expected to complete 100gwhh storage battery module in 2025. We expect a higher growth in the storage market in the future, and the company is expected to benefit. This is 63.93%. In addition to the 46 series of large cylinder batteries and lf560k, the company is real.
A fully automated production technology for secondary lithium metal batteries is available and can be customized for 3-20ah; semi-solid system batteries mixed with solid fluids can achieve 330wh/kg relative energy, exceeding 1,000 life cycles, and have been designed and equipped for vehicle validation.
Profit projection and investment rating: we predict a net profit return for the company in 2023, 2024 and 2025 Risk factors: new energy vehicle demand below expected risk; risk of a change in lithium battery technology; original \triangleright
Super-expected risk of price fluctuations in materials; environmental protection and safe production risks, etc.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry, and the voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the photovoltaic sector.
Hu Ying, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, formerly Research Assistant for the Sports and Mechanical Engineering Team, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind power equipment industry.
Incorporated into the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the new power systems and electrical equipment industry. Sun Sun, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022. Member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.