It's going to be steady, and it's going to be good for storage power, big circle, billion latitudes of lithium (300014.sz) column battery development.
Events: Companies publish a quarterly report in 2023. Companies achieve operating income of $11,186 million, i.e. 66.1 per cent, ring ratio - 6.9 per cent; net profit on belonging of $1.140 billion, i.e. +118.7 per cent, industry maintains a high profile, leading to higher corporate revenues.
23q1 new energy vehicles sold in bulk, 1.59 million vehicles, an increase of 26% from the previous year, thus driving the growth in power cell loads. According to the Power Battery Union, the domestic volume of 23q1 power cells reached 65.9gwh, a 28.4% increase from the previous year; and the demand for overseas power cells grew even more.
Quick, according to Sne, the global power cell load reached 75.2gwh in January-February 23, a 39% increase over the same period. Market demand for energy batteries has expanded further, with a stocking capacity of more than 3gwh per quarter of the country, six times higher than in the same period last year.
The rapid growth of the United States storage market and European storage capacity have also benefited from the accelerated deployment of new energy sources. 23q1 maintains a balanced development strategy, maintaining a three-pronged business structure of consumption, power, storage batteries, and rising corporate revenues as new factories and new production lines enter the production phase.
The price of battery-grade lithium carbonate fell rapidly to the current latest price of 179,000, after it hit the highest point in history of 567.5 million yuan on 9 November 2022.
Benefiting from the fall in raw material prices, the company ' s Māori rate of 23q1 was 16.8%, up by 0.8 pcts/ring ratio by 0.8 pcts from the same year, where the storage power cell Māori rate is slightly higher than power power. Seasonal factors, the Smollo 1 season influences the decline in the return on investment, estimated.
The Lithium Lithium salt mine, Hinghua, has lost about 153 million yuan in lost assets in the first quarter of the year because of the fall in production of q1 and the rapid fall in the price of lithium carbonate. Other returns contribute significantly.
Investment proposals: the company has a market lead in the consumer battery sector, a clear competitive advantage, and a stable market share. In the power cell business, production is steadily moving forward, producing 1.
In the field of storage energy batteries, operations (3,00014) take down BMW cylinders and power cell operations grow rapidly. At the same time, companies actively pursue upstream supply chain layouts and continue to grow.
Industry depth report _4680 cylinders2, new electricity industry _ medium-term investment policy in 2022
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The state headquarters of Arizona and the Beijing branch of the (christensen) work as customer directors for financial counselling (ir) and marketing.