Power storage battery operations are growing at a high rate, with a strong head effect.
\triangleright Dun Yongkang develops multi-tech products and expands the consumer battery market space.
\triangleright batteries and semi-solid batteries are developed to meet future demand for medium-end consumption markets.
The creation of a comprehensive solution for future smart households, smart suits, the ar&vr field, second wheels, and clean-up applications into a fast-growing period will lead to an increase in the capacity of the consumer battery market. Continued expansion of power storage battery operations will deepen strategic corporate collaboration on headlines.
The annual power and storage battery load was 323gwhh, an increase of 144.70%, with the highest rate in the world.
The layout of the three-dollar-high-powered cylinder battery is planned in areas such as the Hubei Gate, Sichuan Chengdu and Liaoning Shenyang, where production capacity is planned and a number of high-quality domestic and international customers, such as Chengdu and BMW, have been identified.
The Division ' s strategic layout is forward-looking, involved in the construction of smart grids for national power grids, Southern grids, joint forestry and ocean energy generation of storage cells, the signing of supply agreements with the United States head storage system integrator, and the planning of a 60gwhh storage battery plant.
100 million latitude lithium energy (300014.sz) was reported in the three-quarters of 2022, with 3,286 patents authorized, with a high-level research and development team capable of developing new products and responding quickly to customers’ needs.
200 million latitude lithium energy (300014.sz) reported semi-annually in 2022, ponds, semi-solid batteries, sodium ion batteries, hydrogen energy technology, etc. \triangleright
22-year-old Quarterly Review: Lithium + Large Cylinder Rapidly Expanded Production with 450 million Lithium Energy (300014): Performance meets expectations, power and power methodology and analytical logic leads to research findings, independent and objective production of this report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.