On 20 June 2022, China’s pharmaceutical health leader and long-term steady growth in performance.
During the “14th Five-Year” period, China’s policy on Chinese medicine is expected to mark an important turning point. It has also strengthened the concentration of the Chinese medicine sector through the consolidation of many high-quality Chinese medicine resources through mergers and acquisitions, and has improved the concentration of the Chinese medicine sector.
The low concentration of the industry has played an important role in the treatment of unattended diseases and in the rehabilitation of slow diseases. “Cola” in the area of chc, where brands and channels are scarce and contribute to stabilizing cash flows.
The consumer goods business, which includes otc, professional brands, high health and rehabilitation of slow diseases, is now a leading company in the country, with a high brand recognition and product terminal, with more than 400,000 pharmacies nationwide covered, and 999 flu pulmonary particles are now the final retail drug.
The company also has advantages in branding, channel management, and so on. Strong brands, channels, and distribution networks help companies to continuously increase end-to-reach and city-to-city penetration of old and new products.
Working with high-quality firms, both within and outside the country, to actively expand Chinese medicine and high-health product lines, using powerful channels to sell new products that can empower them, and to expand the product lines of cash-flow counter-feeding companies that generate profits from their products.
In March 2022, the Office of the State Council issued the “14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Medium Medicine,” which aims to achieve positive results by mid-2025. The prescriptions in the company’s prescription business have grown faster in recent years, and the company can produce more than 600 varieties of single-sense formulation particles in Guangdong, Anhui, and IV.
The formulation granular production base has been built, including in Kawakami, and a business model for the whole industry chain has been developed to speed up the declaration of national and local standards. With the completion of the formulation particle pilot, the market space for the formulation particle is expected to open further, with the company, as one of the first six pilot enterprises, having a pre-emptive advantage.
Incentives provide a multi-dimensional test for corporate development confidence. Equity incentives were issued at the end of 2021, and company-level appraisals included growth, return and business quality categories, with composite growth rates for non-mortality net gains, net return on net assets after deduction, and return on total assets.
For the country's chc flagships, branding advantages are evident, with the product structure being optimized, the average value of the Division for 2022-2024 being equal, taking into account the apparent platform and brand value of the company and the growth of its future performance, and covering it for the first time with a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright 1 China Medical Health Lead, long-term steady growth in performance 1.1 China’s Big Health Lead Enterprise, core position of China’s Medical Health Lead
The Chinese medicine industry has increased its concentration in China’s medicine sector, with China’s self-diagnosis + Chinese medicine platform located under China’s flag, building Chinese medicine platforms under China’s flag in collaboration with the East Aqué and Jiang medicine industries. During the 14th Five-Year Plan, China’s medicine-related policies are expected to improve.
Huo Yun has also strengthened the concentration of the Chinese medicine sector through the merger and acquisition of a number of high-quality Chinese medicine resources, improving the poor concentration of the industry, and actively playing the important role of Chinese medicine in the treatment of undiseased diseases and in the rehabilitation of slow-disease diseases.
Figure 1: The two main industries and some subsidiaries operating under the flag of Hua Yun are owned by the State Treasury and have a stable equity structure. China China Yun Co. Ltd. is a State-owned equity consortium under the State Finance Committee of the State Council, with a listed company, Hua Yun Pharmaceuticals, through its fully-owned subsidiary, China Yun Medicines and Holdings Ltd.
In China, China’s company, China’s main health champions, which has been growing through four major stages for nearly 40 years. The company’s predecessor, the Shenzhen South Pharmaceutical Plant, was founded in 1985 and has been growing for nearly 40 years.
Business, emphasis on brand power, completion of branding, expansion in recent years, and intensive collaboration with domestic and foreign manufacturers, with companies officially entering a period of full and sustained development. Huao Yun has built a series of “999” brands with a high degree of recognition among consumers and the pharmaceutical industry, and has been on the list for many years.
The Wpp Group's list of “the best-value Chinese brands top 100” has been ranked first in the overall ranking of non-prescription drug companies published by the China Association for Non-prescription Medicines for many years.
The company's main business includes chc (consumer health care) and prescriptions, with two main target groups, while the company has a number of R & D centres and pharmaceutical production and marketing subsidiaries covering Chinese granules, Chinese medicine tablets, Chinese medicine formulations.
In May 2022, the company announced its intention to buy 28% of the shares of the Quan Pharmacy Group from Chinese medicine and Chinese medicine, and to create synergies between the Quan Pharmacy Group and the 39th.
With 1.2 thick and thin hair, corporate performance has grown steadily, operating income has returned to the pre-epidemiological growth curve, and overall growth has been steady. Corporate growth has continued from $7.9 billion in 2015 to a 17 per cent compound annual growth rate of $14.7 billion in 2019.
As a result of the epidemic, there has been a decline in the number of medical clinics and in the sale of prescription drugs; at the end of the Chc business, there have been restrictions on the sale of cold drugs at the end of the zero-sale drugs store. In 2021, operating income recovered to the 2019 growth curve, increasing the share of business to more than 60%, and the company’s pharmaceutical industry accounted for more than 94% of the total.
Chec has a high level of recognition and a high line of prescription drugs. It currently covers nearly 10 categories of flu, pediatrics, gastrointestinals, osteoporology, etc., and actively extends to prevention, rehabilitation, etc.
In 2016-2019, the net return profits of companies rose from 1.2 billion yuan in 2016 to 2.1 billion yuan in 2019, at an average annual compound rate.
As the impact of the epidemic was phased out, the company ' s chc business was well developed in 2021, with a low base of prescription drugs cooled and recovered, a net return profit of 2 billion yuan was realized, a 28% increase in the same year, a net loss of 1.9 billion yuan was realized, a 39% increase in the same year, and a low profit was achieved.
In the area of 2chc's Coca-Cola, brand and channel values are scarce, and Luang San is committed to becoming a leader in the public medicine and health industry.
Brands, health and rehabilitation of slow diseases are four lines of business, and the company is now a leading national brand + channel in the field of otc, with not only high brand recognition, but also high product terminal coverage, covering more than 400,000 pharmacies across the country, with 999 flu pulmonary particles now the product of the end retail drugstore.
Strong brands, channels, distribution networks, etc., allow companies to continue to increase end-to-reach and city-to-city rates of old and new products. Companies actively expand and rapidly replenish Chinese medicine and high-health product lines by working with overseas giants and buying up high-quality domestic firms, while taking advantage of strong marketing capacity.
With the rapid release of new products and the expansion of the cash flow counter-breeding company product lines resulting from the profitability of the products, 2.1 brand power: the “coca-Cola” in the Chc field, which is the basic unit and lifeline of the chic commercial competition, the company continues to strengthen brand marketing inputs.
Medicines are consumer goods that are essential for life, especially the chic product, which is clearly of a consumer-goods nature, characterized by low unit prices, high consumption, and higher purchasing frequency. Moreover, consumers, when they choose to buy the corresponding product, have a more obvious brand preference, and the tendency to commercialize and digitalize the chc product is more evident.
Consumers will also be more interested in the promotion of essential consumer goods and more price-sensitive. Companies have reached 3 billion yuan a year. Figure 11: Characteristics of essential consumer goods
Figure 12: Coca-Cola in the area of company marketing costs and business extension costs (millions of yuan) chc - 39 brand development links to capture branding and marketing opportunities over time. Companies focus on brand development and product marketing, one of the first companies to advertise pharmaceutical consumer goods.
The marketing of products in the 1990’s, represented by “3000 stomachs,” not only led to a strong correlation between the branding and quality of domestic pharmaceuticals, but also led to several landmarks in the marketing of national non-prescriptive drugs, both in and out of the country. Since then, companies have been active in the marketing of their products, capturing television advertisements, star ads, and polyclinics.
The key nodes and models for the marketing of a number of key products, such as drop-out, hot-blowing commercials, new media marketing, continue to ring out the results of a number of chc products, such as khirth, 999 flu pills, 999 sugar ginger teas, and chc operations.
The company is now a leading company in the country in the field of otc, and it has not only pre-emerged, but also high brand recognition. For many years in a row, it ranks first among the non-prescription drug manufacturers, published by the China Association for Non-prescription Medicines, and in 2020, it ranked among the top pharmaceutical companies in China's pharmaceutical industry.
In April 2021, the China Non-prescription Drug Association published China ' s Non-prescriptive Medicine Enterprise and Product List for 2020, with China ' s Otc Production Company at the top of the list, amending the pharmaceutical industry and the Tai Chi Group in the second and third places respectively.
Brand value is scarce: the otc brand is of high value and consumer recognition is high. The 999 brand enjoys a high degree of recognition in both consumers and the pharmaceutical industry, and has been repeatedly rated as the “China's highest cognitive brand”, the “China's most valuable brand”, and the company has been on the list of the most valuable Chinese brands published by the wpp group for many years.
In the top 100 top-value Chinese brands in 2020, there are three companies in the field of health care, of which China Yun is 89th in the list, with a brand value of $1,085 million. It is expected that China Yun's 39th high-value, low-value, high-custody, high-profile, high-value companies will continue to have brand recognition advantages, with brand values inherent in them.
Brand-led products: a high degree of market recognition for a number of products under the banner is expected to generate long-term growth. After many years of growth, the “999” series of brands launched by China Yu has enjoyed a higher share in both consumers and the pharmaceutical industry.
Recognition. The “999” series of end-use products such as cold medicine, stomach medicine, skin medicine, and other days and series of card-based orthotic products are in the lead in the relevant category of products. The high level of recognition and scarcity of brands under the 39 banners is expected to increase market penetration further in the light of the trend of the new retailing of medicines, with the potential for long-term growth.
Iqvia's latest published data shows that the overall market size of the Chinese medical and pharmaceutical industry is expected to be about 1.5 trillion yuan, an increase of 2.5 per cent over the same period. Higher consumption in the Chc sector, outflows of prescriptions, digitalization and brand integration trends offer more opportunities for growth.
Focusing on the development of the chc plate, there is much scope for raising revenues and profits. In 2020, the company chc did a real $1 billion, a 17.72 per cent increase over the same year, with a Māori rate of 59.34 per cent. The company chc was rich in product lines and covered by risk, skin, gastrointestinal, cough, osteoporology, paediatrics, dietary nutrient supplements, and so on, with a cold.
Drugs, skin medicines, gastrointestinal drugs are at the core; liver protection products have greater potential for development in the future.
It has become the best-selling category of the real drug market, with China ' s real-city drugstore terminal having a total of 11,034 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 1,040 million yuan, or 10.4 per cent, compared to 2019, and an increase of approximately 10,95 million yuan in 2021, due to epidemic control.
Minnet's data show that in 2021, China's middle-class retail market for drugs was about 28%, and the market was competitive. China's non-prescription drug association ranked the top 20 products in 2021 as Chinese medicine products for flu coughing and coughing.
Nine products are ranked four ways ahead, with a clear brand advantage. The cold medicine series has a rich line and a stable market position. The company's cold medicine series has a rich line around the city.
Particles, 999 flu-free particles, and 999 flu-free particles, covering both adults and children. With the company’s online marketing, branding has intensified, and core cold-type drugs are expected to remain a leader in sales.
In multi-competing products, the quality of the company’s cold medicine products is guaranteed, and they are used to treat cold, cold and cold, and they are highly effective; The average daily price of the company’s cold-type products is lower and competitive. At the same time, because of the similar efficacy of the products produced in the flu, the company’s products are more likely to be selected in cases of similar efficacy.
2.1.2 The “999” gastric base is so deep that it is precisely locked into the long-term market The incidence of stomach disease is increasing from year to year and the market for medicines in the stomach is opening. As the incidence of stomach disease has risen in recent years as a result of people's irregular diets, it is easier and more moderate to treat stomach disease and more effective to treat it.
In 2021, China’s public health service terminals, city-based pharmacies’ terminals, and online pharmacies’ end-of-line medium-dose drugs (seat inflammation, ulcers) were marketed on a combined scale of more than 10 billion yuan. There was competition in the gastric medicine industry, with company-owned pharmacies leading.
In 2021, China’s public health-care facilities had a market of more than 7.4 billion yuan in drugs and medicines, with an increase of more than 10%. The Top3 company was dominated by Yang Ziang Jiangsu, Sichuan doctors, and Hunan Collon pharmaceuticals, with a combined market share of more than 40%.
In China, the market for pharmaceutical preparations in real-estate pharmacies was close to 2.7 billion yuan a year, at a rate of 7.24 per cent, slightly lower than that in public health-care institutions. China’s market share was more than 10 per cent, with Sichuan’s top ranking, Sichuan’s good medicine industry and Yangzi Jiangsu’s pharmaceutical industry ranked second to third, and the total market share of Top3 companies was close to 30 per cent.
In the company's gastrointestinal drug layout, it was acquired on the original core exclusive variety of the “39-Bat-Thai” series, and it was purchased on the Liao Ninghua River 3 drug, the gastric pains of the particles (single), the stomach shrugs of the fatty deer and the warm stomach shrugs. The strategy was expanded and upgraded.
The company’s gastrointestinal drug series is expected to continue to expand its leadership in the area of disaggregation. Figure 19: The company’s gastrointestinal drug line for chronic gastric inflammation, with a clear price advantage.
The average daily price of a company’s stomach products is lower than the average price of other stomach drugs, meaning that products are more competitively low and more likely to be chosen by consumers.
2.1.3 “999” dermal-type products are high on the list, and branding strategies have produced significant results. The demand for dermal medicines is growing and the market is well represented. Minnet data show that the market for end-of-life chemicals in public hospitals grew year by year from 2013 to 2019 and was affected by the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
In 2020, the market for dermatological medicines in our public health-care institutions was about $8,544 million, a decline of 2.83 per cent. The market for dermatological drugs is relatively small, but with more participants, competition is intense, new products are introduced with a short period of time, and new products will normally have a greater impact on the pre-existing pattern of competition when they are marketed.
Figure 20: Sales of Chinese public medical end-of-life chemicals for dermatology, 2013-2020, and companies for external dermal drugs are competitive. According to data published by China ' s Non-prescriptive Medicines Association, in 2020, Moe Piro Star flask, cotrimose acetic acetylated semmon cream and nitric mitraz cream ranked third in the industry.
Two of the double acetylated sermons are the company's core product, skin irritation, and Huo-Yun's four products are 20 before they are rounded up. Other products include 999 porcelain gels, 999 enade silicon creams and a new cream cream for congested creams.
Leather-type products perform well, with a higher share of the city. 999 pyres (combination acetylated cerebral cerebral creams, momi gels) have a higher profile in the domestic pharmaceutical market. In the first half of 2016, double acetic cerebral cerebral creams and momi gels, the market shares were 2.5% and 2.1%, respectively, for dermal ailments.
In 2019, the market share of China's retail pharmacy terminals was ranked first in the company's double acetyline semitson, with a sales value of $436 million. Figure 21: China-Yun-39 skin products
The average daily price of a product is lower than that of other skin-type drugs, more competitively at lower prices, and more likely to be selected. At the same time, in the market for the breakdown of chronic humid rash, the company's skin medicine performed well, with 999 styrophoid membrane condensation.
The gel is growing faster, the product layouts are gradually improved in the peak series, the emphasis is on the market, and the liver choline is gradually returning to normal, the market competitiveness is improving. The liver choline capsule is easy to recover and the liver is well protected.
Adaptive conditions are moderate liver damage caused by assistive improvement drugs, poisons, chemical substances and alcohol, as well as eating disorders in the fat liver and hepatitis patients, and a sense of pressure in the upper right bellies.
Figure 22: The principles of easy recovery, together with Sanofi, make it easier to recover from the domestic retail terminal market. In 1953, they were marketed in Germany, in 1994, they were introduced into China, in 2017, in cooperation with Sanofi, and in 2017 they were fully represented.
In 2018, Sanofy and Hua Yun held a global workshop to complement their strengths in global branding and insight, and to see in depth the loss of liver health.
On August 14, 2020, under the joint efforts of San and Sanofie, they became the best brand for the Hippoc Clinical Evaluations.
According to the under-line retail terminal, companies promote the growth of the core varieties of good quality, e.g. through specialized marketing models. On-line channels, Kyoto and Ali, respectively, have set up flag shops that allow for the recovery of the 618-promotion campaign, the first brand of liver urchin.
2.2 Power of channels: The two-channel supply chain on-line and off-line is well developed, digitized, corporate up-to-line business is fully innovative and optimized, covering more than 400,000 pharmacies across the country. Strong channel management and terminal coverage is one of the company’s core strengths.
Qualitative distributors and chain terminals worked extensively to cover more than 400,000 pharmacies; and actively explored innovative marketing models, working with large platform companies such as the Greater Tokyo Pharmacy, the Great Ali Healthy Pharmacy, while enabling the chaining terminal customers under the power line; and establishing strategic collaboration with the Healthy and Safe Doctors of Kyoto, among others, to construct the “Internet+Medic+”
The new industrial value chain of Pharmacy explores professional marketing models. Digital centres have been set up over time, and “three steps” in the transformation of new retail outlets have been introduced. As consumers continue to move on the line, companies have set up digital centres and developed three-step digitization strategies, with initial results:
The first is the digitalization of traditional businesses that improves efficiency, the second is the new digital channel, and the third is the exploration of new business models that cater to the new generation of consumers.
2.3 The power of the platform: Deep collaboration with high-quality domestic and foreign resources, product lines Optimizing outreach M&As by companies and continuously promoting product line expansion. The company's vision is to be “a leader in the public medicine health industry.” In recent years, China has continued to undertake extended M&As, enhancing terminal coverage, and raising them further.
• The company has acquired enterprises such as Guangdong Songfeng, Gui Lin Tian, Jilin and Sun Tsang, Hangzhou Old Yong-goon, and has enriched the product lines of skin medicine, osteoporosis, cold medicine, etc., and expanded the processing of Chinese medicinal products.
• The company acquired 100 per cent equity in Zhejiang Pharmacy, Kunming St. Dynamite, supplementing the company's line of oral preparations for antibiotics, and the “Red King” plate of blood-placing soft capsules, rich in cardiovascular products. • The company quickly replenished the mainstream health products and varieties into the Great Healthy Blue Sea market through the acquisition of shares in the Shandong St. Sea, and in Australia.
• In January 2020, the company formally completed a business change in 100 per cent of the stock acquisition of Skinner (China) Pharmaceuticals Ltd., introduced a well-known brand of calcium for children and enriched the line of paediatric products;
• In December 2020, the company acquired 100% of its shareholding in Shenzhen Hua Yan Hall, and will work actively to transform and develop the branding business on the Shenzhen Shenzhen City Line, while gradually integrating with the company’s national pharmaceutical business to create a national drug business development platform. The company has invested in the establishment and absorption and acquisition of seven new mergers.
Since 2015, companies have been actively buying and buying a large number of pharmaceutical companies, supplemented by oral cardiovascular drugs, such as cystic calcium plug-in, vitamins, etc. Through M&As, the company’s product lines have been enriched, while enabling products have been marketed through three or nine powerful product distribution channels.
The company, while continuing to promote domestic M&As, also relies on its superior domestic channels, looks at international drug companies in collaboration with their varieties, and with internationally recognized pharmaceutical companies such as Sénofey Pharmaceuticals, Nord and Nord, Dragon Corners and others in cooperation to promote the sale of related products, including altruistics and negotiations.
Figure 28: Some of the products promoted in collaboration with the International Drug Corporation (ISP) are of interest in large-scale mergers and acquisitions, and in cooperation with pharmaceutical companies, and are expected to grow into a single product in the domestic pharmaceutical market.
The Department has introduced a number of new varieties that are of interest to the market, such as easy recovery, cosmopolitan combustible coils of calcium glucium glucose, Noze, which, with the strong marketing capacity of the company, is expected to become a best-selling product in the domestic pharmaceutical market. 1) Together with the two powers of Sanofie, the Department is promoting a new chapter in the domestic liver-care system.
Formerly marketed mainly at the end of the hospital, in early 2017, China Yun Sanix launched the easy-to-record marketing and expanded retail terminal sales using the company ' s powerful otc marketing platform. The easy-to-record branding power was also recognized by more Chinese consumers and gradually became a hot staple in China ' s retail pharmaceutical market.
2) Together with Aono, a new business of full-scale empowerment. In 2020, a merger of Aonox pharmaceuticals, calcium glucose acid under the flag, zinc oral solution is a calcium supplementation lead product with a high absorption rate of liquid calcium, suitable for children, pregnant women, and the elderly, with a good market size and growth.
In 2021, during the "Yen 11" period, AWONO acquired the "Top 1" label for the Paediatric Minerals Industry." Figure 30: Unolute zinc oral liquid packaging (left: pre-merger, right: post-merger)3 works with the Nord and Nord teams to expand the growth hormone market.
Group growth hormone injection is a form of prefilled pens, easy use, mild injection pains, room temperature preservation, salience, and development potential. Hua Yun has set up a dedicated team to improve services for the sick, and has successfully completed the first contract year’s sales target.
4) The Quan Pharmacy Group, which is intended to acquire high-quality, medium-quality medicines in the country, and to strengthen the drug layout of the country ' s 37-year resources and fine products. In May 2022, the Chinese Medicines and Wallies Group proposed transferring 27.56 per cent and 0.44 per cent of the shares held by the Quan Pharmacy Group to Xu Yu, which transferred $13.67 per share for a total of $29.02.0 million.
East. The Kun Pharmacy Group and 39 have very strong synergies in their operations, and in branding, both sides can be empowered in the future to further create a national resounding brand of the "Quintino 1381" and "Quintor" brands, helping China to supplement its traditional drug brands. In addition, the resources of both sides can be consolidated in three areas.
Seven areas of industry-wide chain development. Again, using 39 management, channel and industry resources to further empower the Kun Pharmacy Group and enhance the competitive edge of the Kun Pharmacy.
3 Chinese medicine value creators, formulation particles entering the new era of development 3.1 Chinese medicine policy is focused on the release of good medicine, high-quality and rapid industrial development Chinese medicine policy is long-standing and has recently focused on the release of national policies. 20bkpm2 ,\text{month}, State Department
The Strategic Plan for the Development of Chinese Medicines (2016-2030) was issued as a key document of the State ' s policy to support the development of Chinese medicine, setting the general tone of support for the development of Chinese medicine, and in the same year important documents such as the “13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Chinese Medicine”, Chinese Medicine and Chinese Medicine Law of the People ' s Republic of China were issued to develop Chinese medicine.
In March 2022, the Executive Office of the State Council issued the “14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Medium Medicine and Medicines”, which aims to achieve a significant increase in the capacity of Chinese medicine and health services by 2025, a step-by-step improvement in the quality of Chinese medicine development policies and systems, positive results in the revitalization of Chinese medicine, and full advantage in the construction of a healthy China.
Figure 33: Circular of the Office of the State Council on the publication of the 14th Plan for the Development of Chinese Medicines issued by the State Council
The Government of the People's Governments of the Provinces, Autonomous Regions and Municipalities directly under the Central Government, the Ministries and Agencies of the State Council: The 14th Plan for the Development of Medium Medicine and Medicine has been agreed by the State Council and has been issued to you for careful follow-up and implementation.
In order to follow up the decision of the Party Central and the State Council on Chinese medicine, it is clear that Chinese medicine was distributed during the "145" period.
This plan is based on the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Economic and Social Development of the People ' s Republic of China and the Outline of the Vision 2035.
The introduction of sectoral/local policies on the criteria for the development/approval of Chinese medicine, regulations for the use of formulation particles, health-care support for the development of Chinese medicine, management/retroactivity of Chinese medicinal materials, encouragement of private health clinics, etc. indicates that the policy ends not only by defining the criteria for review, but also by imposing high standard development requirements on the industry in order to prevent them.
Industry disorders and rapid growth of high standards in industry. 1) Payment ends encourage Chinese medicine development, and health insurance develops policies suitable for Chinese medicine: 202 mpm12 = 130 days the National Health Insurance Institute and the National Medical and Medical Administration jointly issued the " Innovative Development of Health Care Support for the Transmission of Chinese Medicines " .
(ii) Revision of standards for research and development/approval of Chinese medicine to support innovation in Chinese medicine: release by IDA in September 2020
In January 2022, " Standard for the use of formulations based on the "three combinations" "3" " , " Standard for the use of formulations " : " Pilot work on the end of pharmaceutical particles in China " , published in February 2021.
The first set of national standards for the formulation of Chinese medicine (160) was promulgated in the month, gradually establishing clear pharmacological standards for the formulation of the particles. Following the 2021 Central Illuminative Collection led by Guangdong Province and Hubei Province, the 2022 Mingdong Province took the lead in the production of Chinese medicine tablets, formulation particles, central integrated drug collection, with a generally moderate reduction in the price of Chinese medicine collection.
To increase the demand for high-quality products. 4) Encouragement of private health clinics: 2019 " On the effective strengthening of Chinese medicine in the construction of medical complexes " , encouragement of district-level mid-care hospitals to lead the organization of close health communities, public health clinics.
Since 2020, the provincial “14th Five-Year Plan for Health Care” has been published, with a clear reference to encouraging the development of private health-care providers. At the same time, a large number of medical practitioners officially arrived on March 1, making it easier for medical consultations to be conducted in Chinese medicine, which are very dependent on the ability of medical practitioners to diagnose individually.
(5) Full process management/retroactivity of Chinese medicinal materials: Following the development of a system to trace the quality of Chinese medicinal products in the country's "14th Five-Year Plan " , in March 2022, a multi-sectoral effort was launched to implement the Standard Rules for the Management of Quality in the Production of Chinese Pharmacists, which set out the requirements for the management of the entire process of production of Chinese medicinal materials and promoted the high quality of Chinese medicine at its root.
The market size of the formulation granules is expanding and the prospects for the industry are promising.
In November 2021, the Commission and the Department of Medicine issued a circular regulating the clinical use of pharmaceutical formulations in medical machines.
The square particle net data, 25.5 billion yuan in the medium-to-medium market in 2020 and 32.75 per cent in the 2010-2020 compound increase. We expect that the formula particle market will be expanded further to take full advantage of the stable, user-friendly and group-friendly quality of the formulation particle.
Long-term strategic positioning product market leader, producer of Chinese pharmaceutical values, producer of layout formulations full cycle. For more than 20 years, China Yu has been in the lead in the domestic market for formulation particles. Long-term positioning product market leader, producer of Chinese pharmaceutical values: raw material end integrated upstream and downstream industrial chain established.
Material quality, supply advantages; technologically active deployment of national standards, global standards for Chinese prescriptions, in the form of technical barriers, and active expansion of production lines to maintain productive power advantages; demand-side domestic and foreign municipalities that exploit formulation particles; and current high market share of corporate formulation particles, with production and filing of new national labels gradually completed in 2022.
The first pilot producers in the Chinese medicine formulation industry were Guangdong, Jiang Xiantianjiang, Hua Yun, Red Japanese medicine, Sichuan's new green, and paicing medicine. The competition is now structured in a more structured manner, mainly because of the high demand for formulation particles, the business's capacity in the entire enterprise chain, and from the purchase of medicinal materials to the processing of the tablets and the production of preparations.
In 2022, the company gradually completed the conversion of the formulation particle-related criteria.
The company can now produce more than 600 monotony formulations, granular varieties, and has already built formulation granular production bases in Guangdong, Anhui, Sichuan etc., which are under construction, including Zhejiang, Yunnan, Chongqing, etc., which are expected to continue to expand the construction of medium-sized medicinal plants in the future.
In addition, the company's project “Chinese Phenomenon Designers Can Create the Application of New Models” was approved by the Ministry of Trade and Finance as a pilot project in the area of smart manufacturing, which helped to promote a shift in the production of Chinese pharmaceutical formulation particles to “smart” levels.
Fig. 37: China Yu Sanctuary Sanctuary 4 Incentives set a multi-dimensional test standard to demonstrate corporate development confidence The company has promoted the full implementation of equity incentive programmes and the creation of a corporate interest community. 24 May 2022
The company announces that it has completed the first-time granting of the restrictions to 267 subjects of the restrictive equity incentive scheme in 2021. (Note: The above percentage calculation has been rounded, three decimals have been retained, and some totals have been directly added to individual details and, if there are any differences in the end, are due to rounding) Equity incentives have multiple appraisal targets, involving both individuals and companies.
The results of the performance assessment are divided into four tranches: a, b, c, and d. The full sales limit can be lifted if a/b is removed, and 80% if c. Corporate-level appraisal indicators include growth, return and business quality categories, with a composite growth rate of net profit withheld from the parent, a net asset return rate after deduction and a total asset collection, respectively.
As part of the equity incentive program, the company selected 15 companies to be the standard companies, including Yunnan White Pharmacy, Collon Pharmacy, Human Favour Medicine, Coronery, Restar Medicine, Andy Sue, White Cloud Mountain, Health Dollar, Modern State Medicine, Tianxley, Hua.
North, Shanghai, Chinese, Chinese biopharmaceuticals, and federal pharmaceuticals.
(Note: net asset rate of return calculation: net profit/equity at the end of period attributable to shareholders of the parent company net profit/equity at the end of the period after deduction of non-current gain/loss) 5
5.1 Profit projection assumptions are separated from business and we project the future of the company ' s business as follows: Māori rates are expected to remain stable in the future as the volume of core products is steadily increasing and product lines are superior in size. Given the efficient management of the company, product marketing strategies, marketing strategies, etc.
The R & D strategy will continue the company ' s long-term strategic development strategy, which foresees future sales rates, management costs, research and development, and we'll select six family drug companies, the Shichuan Pharmacy, the Gang China Pharmacy, Yunnan Pharmacy, the Healthy People ' s Group, the Antelope Pharmaceuticals, and the Ridge Pharmacy as comparable companies, with an average of 19/16/14 times the value of pe in 2022/2023/2024.
Performance is growing, covering it for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. 1) Product sales fall short of expectations.
2) Policy risks. Changes in pharmaceutical-related policies increase the risk of change in performance by increasing uncertainty in product distribution channels, product sales and prices. 3) Regulatory risks. Changes in pharmaceutical regulatory policies, and uncertainty in product promotion and marketing, such as prescription drugs.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.