Medical Health Research Centre 3.00099.sz Buying (first cover) Company in-depth research (in-depth)
China Yun Sanix: A medical leader in general health, transition driven by “quality roe (belonging to parent company)” (distribution) The company focuses on the field of medical health and aims to become a “general leader in the pharmaceutical health industry”.
A business system centred on self-diagnosis (i.e., chc) and prescription drugs, which competed for China's pharmaceutical health, industry head business, of which Chec achieved operating income of $9.3 billion in 2021, equal to growth, and the company announced a restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft), which was based on shareholder return levels and profitability.
In 2021, the company collected $15.3 billion (+12.3 per cent); the mother-to-child net profit of $2.05 billion chc was gradually restored, and the whole class was able to grow in the future. Health management for the elderly and the need for slow disease.
The company built on its 999 brands to expand its full-scope advantages: 1) and purchased an Arno pharmaceutical supplement to its paediatric calcium supplement products, which in 2020 was the number one equivalent of two-tenth sales. 2) Joint ventures.
This is done by introducing products of product quality and academic excellence, and by storing advantages in the liver and urinary field. 3) Cooperation in introducing new respiratory locomotives to supplement the gaps in the company's larynx medicine in the respiratory field.
On the one hand, the company’s line of expertise insists on clinical demand-oriented, deep-deep product values, growing together with old and new products, leading to the development of the company’s prescription business, and on the other hand, continued promotion of Chinese medicine formulation particles.
Step-by-step, China's market for formulation particles has increased, and there is much room for improvement, with the company's entire industrial chain layout and the future development of its resilience. Hua Yun San will continue to benefit from China's drug development, with a net return profit expected for 2022-2024.
Valuation method (market gain) values companies, based on comparable companies with listed companies in the same industry, to (8621) 60230221 yuanwei@qizq.com.cn
Product collection risk; increased risk of competition; under-programming of products; risk of price limits on health-care medicines; risk of change in brand value; risk of price volatility of raw materials; risk of impairment of goodwill
The company focuses on the field of medicine and health, with the vision of being the “lead of the general pharmaceutical and health industry” in China, building on the science and technology platform of the West and Central China, and developing innovative research and development and intelligence for high-quality pharmaceutical and health products.
After many years of development, the company has formed a company based on self-diagnosis (chc) and rx prescriptions to join the Hua Yun Group since 2008. The company is part of the State Asset Management Committee of the State Council.
Over the decades, the China-Lun Group has built up six major clusters of health, consumption, technology and new industries, integrated energy, industrial finance, and urban construction operations.
The system of operations, each of which is accompanied by a number of companies that have been successfully listed on the mainland and in Hong Kong, promotes the construction and maturity of the business.
China’s pharmaceutical companies have focused on the development, production, and marketing of pharmaceutical health products, with a view to increasing rapidly and with a clear focus. Of these, China’s health is a hospital agency’s management platform, and China’s medicine is a national drug distribution platform, East.
Agua is a health-care platform.  Guided by a clear development orientation, the company has gradually established two main development strategy paths, namely, the consumer end (chc) and the medical end (rx), and is based on the consumer ' s full-cycle, multi-level health needs.
In addition to China’s growth in Chinese medicine and its advantages in Western and Central medicine, China’s top-level pharmaceutical industry is being strengthened through innovative research and development, digitization, academic outreach, channel and terminal control, consumer communication, merger and purchase integration, and industry-wide value chain management of Chinese medicine.
▪ As of 2021, Hong Kong Central Clearing Company, with the exception of the first shareholder, China Yun Medicine Holdings, is among the top ten shareholders, Morgan Stanley, Doming, etc. The entry and holding of high-quality funds indicates an expectation of the company’s future development.
Over the years, companies have been working on the core of self-diagnostic chc and prescription drugs, insisting on extended mergers and acquisitions and on the creation of new firms, constantly expanding to all aspects of health and enriching the product structure.
In 2009, the company acquired yellow stones, enriched the products of pediatric, gynaecology and gastrointestinal system tubes, as well as the biochemistry of golden platinum, enriched the products of anti-cancer products; in 2011, acquired deer, Gauco, Ben Creek, enriched the respiratory, gastrointestinal tract, cardiovascular systems and paediatrics, and anti-cancer products; and in 2012,
Acquisition of the Xiao Feng pharmaceutical industry, introduction of products such as Xiao Feng Wang and the Xiao Feng baby, expansion of the line of effective care, skins, etc.; acquisition of Gui Lin Tian and the introduction of osteoporosis products such as Sky and Surpend and other medical instruments in 2013; acquisition of the Xiaojun, further enrichment of respiratory tracts and gastrointestines in 2014
(a) Products such as Tao, Cardiovascular; in 2015, Zhejiang was acquired to enrich antibiotics and gastrointestinal tract products; in 2016, Kunming sacred fire was acquired, enriching cardiovascular products and other health products;
In addition, the company has improved the development, production and marketing of Chinese medicine and otc products by establishing its own subsidiaries.
The company's Chc operation now covers products such as flu, gastrointestinal, skin, liver urinary, pediatric, osteoporology, gynaecology, etc., as well as products extending to health management, rehabilitation of slow-disease management; the prescription drug operation covers cardiovascular, digestive, neoplasm, orthotic, paediatric, etc.
Figure 1: Corporate equity incentives for major mergers and acquisitions and other major subsidiaries in recent years, adding new impetus to corporate development
▪ In February 2022, the company announced a restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft) to award a total of 9.789 million shares to directors, senior managers, middle managers and key business and technical cadres of companies and their subsidiaries, representing the total equity stock of the company at the time of the announcement of the incentive plan
1.0 per cent; the plan was to award 84.42 million shares for the first time, accounting for the total equity of the company at the time of the announcement of the incentive plan 14 of the comparable size, business-like and comparable listed companies, “Yunnan White Pharmacy”, “College Hall”, “White Cloud Mountain”, etc., and one of the three levels of industry, “Healthcare providers and services”,
The high level of business-like listed companies, Shanghai Medicine, as a comparable company, has set firm-level performance targets, requiring a return on non-net assets, non-net gains and turnover of total assets over the three-year period 2022-2024 and a return on non-net assets.
In addition, the company also provides for the granting of individuals.
A rigorous performance appraisal system is in place to provide an accurate and comprehensive assessment of the work of the incentive audience. Taken together, the company’s current incentive plan has a comprehensive appraisal system that helps to sustain the motivation of the core staff of the Department, improves business efficiency, and creates new momentum for the development of the company.
▪ The company’s operating income and profitability levels are on a long-term trend, driven by the company’s growing business and product structure. Since 2017, the size of the company’s revenues has increased to 10 billion and has increased steadily, reaching 2019.
In 2020, affected by the epidemic, there was a decline in hospital end-of-end prescription drugs and retail end-of-life cold drugs, with operating income of $13.64 billion, or 7.8 per cent, compared with the decline of $1.6 billion, or 23.9 per cent, in the net return to mothers.
In terms of profit margin levels, the lower Māori rate has affected the overall overall as the Chc business has developed in recent years The Māori rate has declined slightly, but remains largely around 60 per cent, but the constant restructuring of the product structure has been optimized and has played a positive role in net interest rate levels, with the exception of the 2020 epidemic, in 2019.
The company’s sales rate of 32.8 per cent in 2021 has been declining in recent years. As the Chc industry has developed, the level of investment in the sale of medicines at the end of the hospital has been lower, resulting in a decline in sales rates over the years and affecting the overall level of the cost.
Cost rates are on a downward trend. ▪ The proposed equity incentive programme for the company, whose cost is expected to be $187 million, will be amortized over five years of overhead costs, which may have an impact on the management rates and net interest rate levels.
Incentives for performance growth targets for companies, as well as positive incentives for corporate development, are expected to have a low level of impact. Chc Business, which continues to expand in the area of health around “1+n”
The recovery of chc operations, the future of full product activity, the recovery of industry, the growth of company chc operations, the enhancement of national health awareness, higher income levels, the acceleration of the ageing process, and the absence of a health-care system.
In the broader context of soundness, consumer health concerns and the need for health care and nutrition are increasing. Consumption habits and consumption patterns have also changed considerably, and consumers have become more concerned with high-quality health products and diversified health solutions, leading to the development of a company’s Chc business.
The company ' s Chc business grew for the third year in a row, with the business share rising year after year; in 2021, it achieved operating income of $9.3 billion, an increase of 18.5 per cent.
In addition to the paediatric child calcium supplementation product, in 2020 it was ranked first in the same category, with a good market size and growth. 2) The introduction of product quality and a very good academic base through joint ventures, with sales growing faster than expected over the past five years.
In addition, companies are actively looking at new products, new technologies, new models.
Figure 8: Māori rate of corporate choc operations Demand, policy two-way pro-chc business development as national sales levels and health awareness improves, and in the context of the continued soundness of the health-care system,
Health-care concerns and the rising demand for health care and maintenance, as well as high-quality, diversified and comprehensive medical and health products and solutions, are receiving increasing attention at the demand-side, where the health of older persons is brought about by ageing in the face of the growing trend towards ageing in our country.
In addition, the growing number of sub-hygienics and the rejuvenation of slow-diseases due to the unhealthy lifestyle of the modern age have created a greater space for growth in the self-diagnosis market. According to the key figures of the 7th National Census published by the National Statistical Office in May 2021,
According to the data, the population over 60 years of age is 264.02 million, or 18.7 per cent of the total population, an increase of 5.44 per cent over the sixth census. Population ageing has contributed to an increase in the demand for old age, health care, etc.
In addition, the development of Internet health care and the gradual improvement of the online platform health care system, which facilitates access to medicines for consumers, also stimulates the demand for medicines.
Close patient-patient-hospital-doctor-pharmaceutical-pharmaceutical links, consumer access to products and services via online channels, also feed back on consumer demand trends in the business market, enabling more accurate delivery of products to enhance brand influence and consumer sticky.
▪ Also, in the area of slow disease management, there is ample evidence of the positive impact of slow disease management on the mitigation of pathologies and the prevention of complications on the Internet, which is conducive to increasing the number of cases of slow self-diagnosis in the city through online channels.
At 69.41 billion yuan, and hopefully 21.771 billion yuan in 2024, a combination of the policy dimension, prescription outflows have been one of the major melodys of recent years. Since 2020, multiple prescription transfer platforms have been on the ground, and the flow of prescription drugs has been on the rise. In 2021, the National Health Insurance Agency published Healthcare.
The temporary scheme for the management of health-care sites in therapeutic institutions and the temporary scheme for the management of medical-care sites in retail pharmacies further improve the health-care coverage of pharmacies, provide a more accessible out-of-hospital drug environment for patients, speed up the process of outflows of prescriptions and bring about an increase in the market for self-diagnosis.
A number of policies have also been put in place by the National Health Insurance Institute and others in connection with the development of “Internet+” health services, in particular the improvement of the system of on-line health care during the epidemic, the promotion of online consultations and the full flow of medicines, and the promotion of online drug consumption markets.
999 brands with a high degree of re-innovation through years of accumulation, “999” brands enjoy a high degree of recognition in both the consumer and pharmaceutical industries, repeatedly rated as “China's Top Cognitive Marks”, “China's Most Valued Brands”, year-on-year high on wpp.
In 2020, 999 flus were added to the annual list of otc gold species published by the China ADP.
The company also ranked first in the overall ranking of non-prescription drug companies issued by the China Non-prescription Medicines Association for many years, even in 2020, and ranked first in the ranking of 89 out of the " Best Value Chinese Brand 100 " in 2020, one of the top three companies in the field of health care, brand value
With $1.09 billion, an increase of 13 per cent from the previous year, the strong brand power of the company’s brand is evident. With the recognition and brand influence of “999” brands, it is expected to further increase consumer sticky and increase the company’s share in the otc market.
The expansion of health management, slow disease management and branding of the population's health awareness has gradually increased, creating opportunities for the development of the health sector, which rose to $2174 in 2020, more than a fivefold increase in the number of cities affected by the epidemic.
The rising per capita expenditure on health care in towns and cities is a reflection of the growing awareness of health in the country, which provides a strong impetus for the development of the health sector.
The company builds a health branding group based on the structure of the product class and the target population The company builds a health branding of four major groups: "999-Divedo" for basic dietary supplementation series, "39-I-Plixen" for functional product series, and "9-youung" for year-end.
A new light brand, "999 Caring Energy" is used for household medical devices. Large health operations are generally stable, and companies optimize their offline operations and end-user structures on the basis of enhanced branding, with a focus on the health market.
In addition to opening and operating the “999 Health Care Food Flag Shop” and the “30-Nix Flag Shop”, the company is also active in social marketing, with a full range of outreach lines.
Quality technological upgrading and the development of new products and the creation of sustainable competitiveness in the rehabilitation of the slow-disease industry
On the one hand, the Department has continued to carry out blood-enhancement software capsule quality upgrades and research, and has carried out blood-enhanced soft capsules.
On the other hand, the company, together with the Yun Nan Province Institute of Science and Technology, the Kunming University of Technology and the Monsanc Institute, launched the Trinity Institute in Yunnan Province to continue to explore the use of 37 soaps by strengthening research on the development of 37 whole plants.
The potential and integrated use of alternatives to the quality of the drug further safeguard the resource requirements of the drug and contribute to the development of the tri-seven industries.
In 2020, due to factors such as the decline in the number of patients in hospitals and the decline in the number of prescriptions, prescriptions fell by 21.37% in comparison to the same period. As the epidemic is gradually under control, the company’s prescriptions began to warm up.
Among these, the operating income of the specialist line and the Chinese formulation granular business grew faster; the anti-infection business suffered a significant decline in the policy effects of limited resistance, clustering, etc., with greater impact on the prescription drug business. After several years of optimized product structure, the share of the Chinese drug injector in the operating income has gradually declined.
Figure 13: Māori coverage of company prescriptions The specialist line remains clinically demand-oriented, digs deep into the value of products, grows together in both old and new products, and leads to the development of corporate prescriptions
In the second half of 2020, the operations of the specialized prescription drug line, which is guided by clinical needs, continuously strengthens evidence-based research on existing products, enriches product lines, insists on product value discovery and academic marketing, has stepped in to overcome the effects of the epidemic, has seen a seasonal upturn in operations, and has continued to decline throughout the year as a result of tireless efforts.
However, the market share of the core product target areas has increased consistently. In the cardiovascular sector, the company’s key product references are centred around the treatment of acute diseases, and the development of evidence-based systems has continued, academic outreach has been strengthened, and the company’s main product references are in the range of 2019.
In the field of oncology, real-world research on liver and lung cancer and exploration of full course management models based on platinum and gold recombinant oral fluids: in the field of osteoporology, companies continue to deepen the Osteoporosis Centre project, build networks of specialists,
Deeply excavating the therapeutic value of bruising in clinical settings; in the field of digestion, with easy recovery at its core, transferring academic ideas through multichannel branding, increasing online outreach, building and deepening the operation of fat liver centres, joint hepatocyte centres, developing hepatic outreach platforms, and making significant efforts
In the field of paediatrics, companies have worked together with Noor and Nordda to promote the restructuring of human growth hormone products in mainland China, based on product characteristics and excellent quality, exploring new two-way business models for medical patients, and growing faster.
In response to the challenges of the external environment, companies continue to improve their academic outreach systems, upgrade their self-employment models, and actively expand non-public hospitals.
In addition, there have been positive developments in the introduction of new products, as well as continuous progress in research and registration of priority projects.
Expanding business co-operation on cmo and increasing long-term dynamic development.
On 10 February 2021, the National Institute of Medicine, the National Institute of Medium Medicine, the National Health Council and the National Health Insurance Institute jointly issued a bulletin on the end of the pilot work on Chinese pharmaceutical formulations, with a view to strengthening Chinese formulations.
Management, regulation of the production of Chinese formulation particles, guidance to industrial health development, and better response to the clinical needs of Chinese medicine.
(ii) According to the annual Red Day Medicines report, since 2012 the granular industry has been around 30% cagr and in 2020, although affected by the epidemic, the pharmaceutical formulation properties of the industry are consistent with the needs of health-care consumers. The population of the country is ageing.
At the same time, the Chinese medicine formulation is easy, as compared to the traditional Chinese pharmacological edibles.
With the full liberalization of the Chinese formulations, the market is expected to grow in a new wave, with the Chinese tablets gradually taking over the traditional market for Chinese tablets.
The market for sales income is about 50,259 million yuan, representing only 26,01% of the Chinese pill. It does not connect the Chinese medicine industry and promotes high-quality business development.
The Pharmacy Department in the 39 countries focuses on the transmission and innovation of the core concept of Chinese medicine, discovering and developing the value of Chinese medicine, working on the creation of 999 pharmaceutical formulation particles and "39 abstinences" of the "pretty originals", developing industry-wide value management, and building upgrading traditional medicine solutions.
Building a platform for integrated Chinese medicine services to become the leading producer of Chinese medicine values in the industry. Expanding the pharmaceutical production base, the entire industry chain controls the quality of the products.
Construction of a drug planting base to control the quality of the product from its source and to ensure that the quality and quality of the drug is stable.
Quality control level. The company has established a process to cover the cultivation of medicinal materials, Chinese tablets, formulations and granules. In marketing promotion, the competitiveness of different products is constantly being improved, the range of pharmaceutical-related products such as drinking tablets, professional health are being expanded, the academic system is being strengthened and the academic heritage is being built on a continuous basis.
An academic exchange service platform; and an online, interconnected Chinese medicine integrated service platform through traditional business enabler innovation, aimed at providing consumers with a better and more accessible one-stop shop. In the expansion of the restaurant business, the company signed in December 20
The government has agreed to acquire 60% of the shares of the Anti-Pharmacology Company Ltd., which is designed to supplement the production capacity of the herbs, create channels for their marketing, and expand the cooperation of the platform’s clients. Brand power, end power, innovation, and product power combine to create a “self-medicator”
Cross-border marketing, raising fame and brand temperature. From the beginning of the 2013 999 flu, where Dad goes first season, and the triumph of fame, the concept of cross-border marketing began to emerge.
IX promotes his brand name through popular pops, and is exploring more opportunities for cross-border networking. Since then, popular philosophies such as "How to Be Happy," "The Translator" , "The Best Brain" , etc., have been the subject of a collaborative sponsorship by China-Yun.
After 2019, China was able to capture the warmness of its brands, bringing the traditional drug industry closer to the consumer through cross-border products. The 999-skinned-up lipstick series, 999 cold-spans, and 999 chicken soup noodles, among other innovative products, infiltrated the consumer’s life from a completely new angle.
The end-point collaboration has been steadily developing, enabling new models to be explored on-line. The concept of “end-mediaization” was introduced in 2008 at the first series of customers’ conference in Huayun.
One concept emphasizes the influence of the terminal pharmacy in upgrading brands, and also shows that companies have developed long-term plans to raise the reputation of brand chains and achieve a mutually beneficial situation. China-Yu-Yu-Yu and the terminal drugstore are more cooperative in their quest for stability, step-by-step and mutually beneficial co-winners, 2010 company push.
A new type of partnership was established with the National Quality Dealer and the chain terminal, with the launch in 2019 of the Perfect Pharmacy project, a partnership between the company and Sanofie, which aims to eliminate the problem with accurate customer demand analysis, optimized commodity visual systems, system resource customization services.
According to the company announcement, by 2020, more than 400,000 pharmacies nationwide were covered by the 39 commercial system, and the Perfect Pharmacy project had covered 26 cities with more than 4,200 direct service core chain terminals.
In terms of online operations, Luan-kun is also exploring a new marketing model for “Internet+Doctor+Pharmacism”, which combines well-intentioned doctors, good-hand doctors, birch gardeners and San-Yu-Yu-Yu's own live platform for online slow-diagnosis consultations and public service broadcasts, and the embedding of products on mobile medical platforms for consultation, prescriptions, prescriptions, etc.
According to the company's announcement, in 2020, more than 90,000 people were reported live and trained. In addition, Zhou Yun has been actively working with power companies like Kyoutung and Ali, while working with traditional customers in new channels like o2o, vertical power providers, etc.
In recent years, more than three or nine production bases in China have created smart manufacturing, and automated equipment has saved human capacity.
In 2020, the company became the only pharmaceutical company to be selected as an “intelligent-manufacturing pole company.” According to the Guangzhou daily, smart manufacturing increased the company's overall human effectiveness by 70%, up to 2021.
Six months later, the Ministry of Medicine and Medicine increased its production efficiency by 60% and reduced the cost of the industrial chain by 6%. Production efficiency has increased significantly, along with the improvement of the quality management system in China-Yuan-Yuan.
Quality management systems, the introduction of advanced technology and the promotion of intelligent manufacturing to ensure the stability of product quality, the management of wind risks and the provision of robust quality assurance in the context of a multiplicity of audit evaluations, quality risk management, laboratory construction, etc.
New products research, product line expansion, core product upgrading, R & D investment €631 million, or 4.12 per cent of operating income, and R & D spending, mainly for research on new products and product upgrading of core products.
There are 71 ongoing projects, mainly in the areas of tumors, osteoporosis, skin, breathing, and in the introduction of overseas products, the subsidiary, Huayun, signed an agreement in 2017 with the Swiss company Basilea pharmaceticatinationalalld to acquire sodium platinum injected with head platinum.
Proprietary rights to develop, produce and commercialize in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao, the product was certified in 2020 as the country's first approved fifth generation of thorium antibiotics; and in 2020, China Yun acquired the core of the United States company Concoceutics.
Onc201 is the exclusive right to develop, produce and commercialize in the Greater China Region. In terms of product strength, the company focuses on a large variety of species, such as cold, 39-baby, blood plugs, turbo capsules, sky and osteoporosis, from quality improvement, process stability and quality.
The company’s declared provincial manufacturing innovation centre was approved and will be used as a key common technology for breaking through the resources of Linnan medicine and modern Chinese medicine.
chc: The company ' s Chc operation now covers core categories including cold, skin, gastrointestinal, paediatric, osteoporosis, liver urinary, etc., and is also actively developing the Great Health Service and rehabilitation of the slow-disease industry, with the paediatric brand Ono achieving rapid growth over the last two years; easy return to retail and medical channels.
There's a very good performance; there's a broken-down collaboration in August 2021. In general, the company will continue its chc development thinking and continue to promote prescriptions through brand enhancement, outreach, introduction of new brands, new products: the company's prescriptions include three lines of business, namely, anti-infection operations, specialized line operations and matching.
The anti-infection operations have been affected by intensive collection in recent years, and the drops have been greater; specialized line operators have to do layouts around core treatment areas such as cardiovascular, anti-cancer, digestion, liver, osteoporosis, paediatrics, etc.; formulation particles now account for about half of the prescriptions.
To promote Noze, there is a great market potential for the future; in 2021, there were new products, new drugs for the second group, new drugs for the second group, approved and officially placed on the market, five generations of sorghum have been approved and are expected to be marketed in 22 years. With new products and their own growth-oriented products, prescription drug lines are expected to run from 22 to 22 years.
▪ Māori ratio: In the short term, there has been little change in the corporate business model, and the Māori rate is expected to rise steadily as the company expands further. Of this, the Chc business volume is larger and the Māori ratio will increase slightly with the standard advantage; the prescription medicine business module has a higher Māori ratio, while at the same time with the specialist business portfolio.
And the gradual expansion of the formulation granular business, we believe that the Māori rate will be gradually restored to 2020 and before: the company sales system and management team are more mature and it is expected that future sales rates and management rates will remain relatively stable; companies will continue to focus on R & D and spending on R & D will continue to increase.
▪ We've chosen three comparable companies to use the municipal rate method for valuation. The company's Chinese medicine, otc, and the formula, are risk-taking products: Hubei and Guangdong have organized multi-provincial alliances, and as the policy of medical reform progresses further, the larger range of pharmaceutical products will enter the collection, which may result in a larger range of pharmaceutical products.
The lower unit price of the product; moreover, the price of the same drugs in the market is low, regardless of whether the product enters the market. Competition increases the risk that, with the gradual liberalization of the formulation particle industry, more businesses are expected to expand.
This line of business, and further increased competition between firms, may lead to a failure to replicate the profitability of the enterprise: companies are constantly introducing new products to expand advantage across the field, but there are uncertainties in the market for new products, which will have an impact on the performance of the company if the product is not replicated as expected;
(c) Risk of change in brand value: corporate “999” brands have a high recognition in both the consumer and pharmaceutical industries.
(b) The risk of price volatility of raw materials for the sale of a company's products: the cyclical nature of the price of medium medicines and the high volatility that may put some pressure on public costs, if negative events against brand image occur;
(a) The risk of impairment of goodwill: as of 2021, the company ' s goodwill had reached $4.06 billion and continued to grow as the Department further extended its M&As, thus adversely affecting the assets of the Department in the event of a negative incident against goodwill;