China Medicine Otc Lead, Embrace Trends, Change for New York, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
The company is the leader of the Chinese drugotc industry, the core business of self-diagnosis and the advantages of prescription drug focus in areas where the brand effect of “999” is constantly expanding market boundaries and increasing nuclear power through outreach integration, end-of-pipe optimization, brand-innovation, two-wheel drive, active exploration of smart manufacturing efficiency drops, etc.
Business advantages. The company is expected to continue to grow in the future, under the main tone of the country’s emphasis on the development of Chinese medicine, which is constantly accompanied by policies, as industry leaders.
The company’s vision is “to be a leader in the general pharmaceutical health industry”, with a focus on chc’s health, consumer goods and prescription drugs. At the end of consumption, chc’s health consumer products cover cold, gastrointestinal, skin, liver urinary, pediatric, orthopaedic, gynaecology, etc., and actively manage health and rehabilitate slow-diseases.
The company ' s operating income and net profit from maternity in 2021 are chc: branding is the core driving force, access and product upgrading widens the market edge of the whole product group.
The brand enhancement+channel expansion is the driving force behind the long-term growth of brands otc, professional brand line products such as "Cream Pants", skin brands such as "Thai" , pediatric brands such as "Arno" , and liver products such as "Friendly Recovery" , while gastrointestinal and osteoporosis are also adopted.
In the area of slow-disease rehabilitation, the three or seven series of health products are expected to be growth points in this area; large health consumption is still at the exploratory stage, with less than 5% of the business on the line, and the larger health area is expected to increase as the business profile increases on the line.
Prescription medicines: Chinese formulations + specialist lines + anti-infection, product innovation, and future growth are expected. After the piloting of Chinese formulations, the industry is expected to expand, benefiting from demand-side expansion and health-care support. The company, as one of the six pilot companies, has a pre-emptive advantage.
At the same time, it actively builds smart manufacturing, improves its ability to reduce its efficiency, has a cost advantage, and in the future it is expected to create a competitive advantage in market expansion. In terms of expertise and anti-infection, companies focus on strategic orientation.
S0270522030001 Reconstructing the human growth hormone product Nozier, tracer mitopine, radials (retoxin@) and fifth-generation thorium antibiotics are all expected to lead to a recovery of prescription drugs.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The company is a leading company in otc, and the prescription drug business includes the brand advantage of Chinese medicine distribution, the expansion of the network of end channels and the innovation of products, and is expected to integrate risks in future in old and new M&As, as well as in the price volatility of raw materials.
In response to the restructuring of the foreign trade system in 1983, the company gradually moved from an integrated trading company.
For a diversified corporate group with industry at its core, operations cover six main areas of large consumption, integrated energy, urban construction, high health, industrial finance, technology, and new and emerging industries. Members of the Group in the area of large health include Chinese medicine (03322.hk), Chinese medicine business, China Yu (000999.sz), Hua Yuen cranes (600062.sh),
Of these, it is one of the core assets of China's medicine plate, which is responsible for the development of China's capital. Figure 1: China's brand medicine platform is the otc under China's flag.
The shareholders in the holdings are China Yu Medical Holdings (central state holdings), with a ratio of 8.59% as of 2021. The subsidiaries of the company each play their part, using their strengths to enrich their product lines in areas such as Chinese medicine, chemical medicine, and health care.
Mr. Xiang grew up in 39, former marketing department, managing director of the Yaan 39, and then vice president of Chinese medicine and medicine, and became the company’s strategic, business, and corporate culture. Corporate power was recognized by the industry, with a clear branding advantage.
The strong list, number 3, tops BrandzTM 2020 top 100 Chinese brands, ranks first for many years in China's "comprehensive ranking of non-prescription drug producers" published by China's non-prescription drug association, and tops the list for several products, of which 999 flu pulmonary particles/capsules have won first place for 10 years in the flu cough category (medium medicine) and were selected for "2021".
Figure 2: China's 39-share structure (data as at 31 December 2021)
1.2 Focus on health consumer goods and prescription drugs. The company's core operations are concentrated on health consumer goods (non-prescription drugs) and prescription drugs. In recent years, the company has gradually increased the share of non-prescription drugs, with sales increasing to 60.55% in 2021.
Intestine, cough control, osteoporology, pediatrics, etc., and extending to health management, rehabilitation and slow-disease management products; prescription drugs covering cardiovascular, neoplasm, digestive system, osteoporology, etc., are available in the Chinese medicine sector
1.3chc has gradually become an engine of performance growth, with sales rates falling from year to year The performance rate has returned to double digits, operating cash flows have remained largely robust The growth in corporate operating income and net return profits in 2021 was reversed at a rate of 12.34 per cent and 28.13 per cent, respectively.
Corporate performance increased steadily until 2020, the year in which the pharmaceutical industry accelerated its transformation, and the epidemic led to a marked decline in the number of outpatients and prescriptions in hospitals, limited marketing of prescription drugs in medical institutions, local restrictions on the sale of cold, cough and cough products in pharmacies, a decline in corporate sales of otc products, total operating income and net repatriation.
In 2021, the company’s performance was gradually eliminated by the epidemic and external influences, with both operating income and net profit returns returning to double digits. Net cash flows from operating activities grew negative in 2021, but remained generally stable.
Since 2019, non-prescriptive drugs have been the engine of growth in corporate income, with income growing faster than prescriptions. In 2021, Chc achieved $9,276 million in operating income and 17.72 per cent in growth, prescription drugs reversed the negative 2020 growth rate, $5.35 billion in operating income and 2.76 per cent in growth, and prescriptions increased more slowly, mainly because of restrictions on anti-infection operations.
Figure 10: Sales and speed of sales of health consumer goods and prescription drugs in Huo Yuu Sanchc
Companies have become more sophisticated in cost management, and as the collection has grown, they have adjusted their marketing strategies and increased their online investment. Sales rates have declined from year to year since 2018 to 32.78 per cent in 2021. In addition, intensive promotions have led to lower rates; management rates have been relatively stable, and have remained at around 10 per cent over the years; and financial fees have been maintained at around 10 per cent.
Gross sales interest rates have declined since 2018, mainly due to the annual rise in the share of non-prescriptive drugs in the lower rate of Maori and the fight against infection.
The decline in post-harvest sales and Māori rates, the addition of a portion of the country’s pharmaceutical business, and the relatively low Māori rate of the drinking business are some of the reasons. It is noteworthy that the two-year decline in Māori ratio of the Chc business ended in 2021, largely benefiting from the increased competitiveness of the company’s non-prescriptive pharmaceutical products, with some of the products price increases.
The increase in annual net interest rates on sales is mainly due to a marked decline in the cost of sales, with the increase in the return on net assets benefiting mainly from the increase in the return on net assets.
The brand and channel are long-term growth drivers for chc, smart manufacturing and innovation, prescription drugs.
2.1 Optimization of resource allocation and enhancement of brand advantages through the “1+n” strategy to supplement brands and expand market segments. The corporate “1+n” branding strategy has yielded better results, adding “Son”, “Shunfung”, “Good dolls”, “Friendly recovery”, “Conmuit” to the “999” brand.
In terms of products, the basic types of cold, skin, gastrointestinal drugs have not been increased, but have been marketed through mergers and acquisitions in the form of fungi, anti-cancer, cerebrovascular, anti-infection, etc.
The company buys 65% of the share in Sant'Hai in Shandong, helps the company quickly supplement the mainstream health products and builds the foundation for the development of the Great Health Business; buys 100% of the share in Aono pharmaceuticals, which further enriches the distribution of products in the field of children's health.
Through the introduction of cross-border power suppliers to China’s markets, support for a more diversified and healthy lifestyle for consumers has been provided. Expansion of Chinese pharmaceutical production and processing, supplementing of the national pharmaceutical product line, and acquisition in 2014 of Hua Yun and Sun Hoon Hall, a company that produces Chinese medicinal tablets, owners of gmp workshops and food students
In 2020, the company acquired 100% of the share of the Hua Yan Hall (Shen Shenzhen), which is mainly involved in the mainland market.
There are a number of areas, mainly Chinese medicine supplements. 2.2 The traditional channels sink + the “Internet+” layout, which promotes the expansion of distribution networks.
On October 23, 2018, the company, together with Sano Fi, organized the China launch of the Perfect Pharmacy. The Perfect Pharmacy is a joint effort to find the best market value.
By the end of December 2021, the “999 Perfect Pharmacy” project covered 26 cities, with more than 5,000 core chain terminals, further promoting the sinking of channels and extensive coverage.
The 39 trades platform led to the development of the otc brand business. As the 39 trades extended and developed in retail terminals, the 39 trades platform strengthened and improved the differentiated layout of products and services for retail market side stores, community stores, professional stores, electricity stores, and since its inception in 2014, it has grown steadily, from 780 million in 2014 to 2020.
Figure 18: In 2020, Ka Platform’s four departments performed (millions of dollars) digitally transformed terminal sales. In recent days, companies have worked with retail outlets partner Neptune Neptune to build a new business partnership to explore new models of customer life-cycle service and end-marketing based on digitalization of retail channels.
Neptune, as the industry's leading pharmacy chain, has worked for years on channel sales, membership data, etc. The Division has an advantage in branding, pharmaceutical products, marketing, etc., drawing on both sides of the division, using the hepatic gold monolith as an entry point for digitizing and matching Neptune user data with readily recovered products.
In addition to user data, both parties have created a precise liver user pool with digital tags, by integrating resources such as the micro-message public, micro-programs, marketing cloud systems, business microsigners, and underline door-to-door contact points.
The Internet+: accelerating the construction of power-marketing channels, building a new industrial value chain for “Internet+Medical+Pharma” The company actively explores innovative marketing models, 1) the new retail distribution channel for layout b2c, works with large platform companies such as the Great Tokyo Pharmacy, the Ali Healthy Pharmacy, and continues to build cold cough, paediatric cough, etc. at mainstream power-market platforms
Brand advantages for products such as liver and urchins, vitamins, etc.; 2) layout o2o platform, good cooperation with platforms such as the USA, hungry, etc.; 3) co-development of offline enabling systems with traditional pharmacies clients: ordinary people, wealthy, single-minded, large-scale forest, Neptune, etc., are close clients of companies; 4) construction of Internet medical care, e.g., safe doctors, etc.
Create strategic cooperation to build a new industry value chain for “Internet+Medicine” and explore models for the marketing of professional brands. The front line of business accounts for about 4% of the company’s Chc business, and the share of online business is expected to increase continuously in the future as companies continue to do business online.
Traditional pharmacies online, Internet medicine, Ali's health.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right.
Kyoutung is healthy. Are you hungry?
Dr. Good Hands, Great Samlin, health and well-being.
Neptune 2.3 innovation plus data plus technology to promote mitigation efficiency.
The company’s various production bases have continued to promote the construction of smart manufacturing. 1) The head office has been selected for the e-works “intelligent factory”, which combines automation and information depth, upgrades production equipment, improves product quality and improves production efficiency. 2)
(b) The Industrial Chain Management System, which has completed the automation of the production process of the whole industrial chain, including the cultivation of gap medicines and the extraction of Chinese medicines, and has promoted the visualization of 9s; and (c) the development of a digital workshop for Chinese pharmaceutical preparations, which has led to a significant increase in the market competitiveness of the products through the development, production and intellectualization of the production and quality management of 39 products;
(4) The third drug in Benchon, through the construction of the Ministry of Science and Technology's project entitled “Study study on the integration of advanced pharmaceutical and information technology for pharmaceutical oral preparations in China”, is the initial construction of a value-creation system for intelligent manufacturing from product development to market promotion of the value chain; (5) the Ministry of Medicine's exploration of new models for co-production based on cloud structures has begun to bear fruit, planning, production, warehousing logistics, transportation.
In 2020, the company set up the Deep Blue Laboratory, which coordinates the company’s overall intellectual manufacturing work and promotes the innovation of intelligent manufacturing technologies. The Deep Blue Laboratory’s intelligent space and intellectual space will be created by integrating internal and external intellectual manufacturing resources.
Project incubators; technological innovation and building innovation synergetic platforms by encouraging innovation to drive business process innovation, manufacturing model innovation, and solving common problems in production processes. Deep blue laboratories are now digitalized in the Chinese pharmaceutical industry.
In recent years, the share of corporate R & D investment in revenue has steadily increased, with R & D spending in 2021 amounting to $631 million, accounting for operating income, 2 chemicals, and 65 new items, mainly around strategic areas such as tumors, osteoporosis, skin, breathing, anti-infection, and product layout in combination, while there have been positive developments in innovative areas such as classic R & D.
In December 2020, the company acquired the exclusive right to develop, produce and commercialize the anti-cancer drug “onc201” in the Greater China region, which was targeted at a 3k27m mutation.
Glucoma, which is currently promoting domestic registration declarations; new type II drug, “Mitothium hydrochloride injection fluid” (commodity: retrusion), approved for use in lymph nodules in thyroid surgery areas, which helps companies to further enrich the oncological tubes and optimize product structures; and, in addition, companies' subsidiaries injected products through licensed introduction.
The sodium platinum has been certified as the country’s first approved fifth generation of thorium antibiotics, which is favourable to companies restructuring their products in the field of anti-infection treatment and improving their competitiveness in the market for anti-infection treatment. New drugs for women’s medicine will be marketed and will be available for 10 billion people.
The increase in the market for gynaecology medicine has been facilitated, reaching 48.5 billion yuan in 2020, a rate of 6.13%.
Annual gynaecology medications and gynaecology meds are the best available subcategory, with a combined market share of more than 80%, of which 41.44% are gynaecology. The company is currently applying to market for the first-mentioned gynaecology particles in the last five years.
Chc: Brands are the core driving force, channels capture and product upgrades widen the market to cover four lines of operations: brands otc, professional brands, big health, slow health rehabilitation, with the largest number of brands otc. Chc is based on 999 and several professional brands, based on the treatment and health management of common diseases in the home.
In recent years, it has gradually expanded from otc to self-diagnostic treatment, and now to consumer health. Focused on otc large varieties of the city, it covers nearly 10 groups of products such as cold, skin, gastrointestinal, cough, osteoporology, paediatrics, dietary nutritional supplements. 4.1 brand otc: the largest share of business and sustained growth.
The company's core flu cough medicine, the “Cream Particle” is a leading market sales agent, achieving an increase of $23,462 million in sales and 8.62% in 2021. The company's flu cough product line is rich, and it's surrounded by a single product series of “Cancer Spirits”
Various varieties, such as small woodhook particles, slate blue root particles and flu-free particles, have been developed, covering adults and children. As the company sells online, branding has intensified, and core cough drugs are expected to remain available.
Gastrointestinal drugs: improving product competitiveness through variety upgrading strategies. In the company's gastrointestinal drug layout, the varieties were upgraded through extended acquisitions, and gastrointestinal pain particles (single) and warmness were purchased from the original core exclusive species of the “39-basket Thai” series.
The core species of “39 stomachs and Thais” are ranked first in the national otc gastrointestinal drugs, with sales of 28.57 million yuan and an increase of 7.91% in 2021. Through a variety upgrading strategy, company gastrointestinal drugs will continue to grow in their leading position in the area of disaggregation.
Figure 30: Gastrointestinal product lines in Hua Yutc  dermatology: improved product layout, widening the boundaries of the class otc skin medicine has a higher concentration of chemical brands, with the top 15 Chinese companies occupying four seats in the first division area
One. “999 Spills” is a well-known brand of the company, and the products include, inter alia, acetylated sermon cream, acetylene gel, trained sulfide emulsion cream and divulgen detergent. The sulfide sanitizer is a 2021 company's skin medicine focused on a variety of products, and is an exclusive domestic product.
More than 40 products, such as "Baby Shunt", "Vievitamine" and "Cycle Semmy Pine" creams, have a full variety and have a good reputation and brand image in the country's dermatology, otc market.
Welcome brand to Top15. As the company's skin is well-tailored, it is expected that new and older products will together lead to growth. Chart 36: China's 39otc skin line 4.2 Specialized brands: technology upgrade and channel terminal expansion as growth drivers
Specialized branding grew fastest in 2021, mainly because paediatric groups were affected by the epidemic in 2020, and there was a significant drop in the cold medicine for children, with a low base. On February 17, 2017, Sanofi Health Industries Ltd. was established to create multi-problem platforms for paediatrics, gynaecology, liver and chords, continuously introducing high-quality products and improving the structure of the product.
In 2013, Guilin Hua Yue and the pharmaceutical industry were integrated into the company, with osteoporosis (with polybutylene), sky and rubbing cream (with hot plastic rubber), musk magma osteoporium, humid pain cream, etc. in the company's “sky and” brand products.
East and Sky Cat sales figures show that “Thai and” products increased by more than 60 per cent in both 2020 and 2021, with core varieties of day and bone cream (pib), sky and paste (heat-plastic rubber) upgraded to produce effective lifts with ease and content suitability, improved consumer experience and achieved 999 dichlorophenate gels.
In the city, the combination of osteoporosis and external gels has been expanded to enrich the product mix. With the technological upgrading of orthopaedic products and the expansion of the offline channels, growth is expected to continue at a high rate in the future.
In 2019, the company acquired Aono pharmaceuticals, introduced "Aono" as an oral solution for calcium glucose acid, and "Arno" as a very good brand in the field of children's well-being, and considered introducing more products in the area of children's health around the Aono brand. Over the last two years, Aono's business grew faster, with a 159% increase in the total sales of Kyoto and Soning power suppliers in 2021.
It's not a consumer brand. The company has a very strong branding capacity, and it's been working on product upgrading and brand upgrading over the years; (2) Aono has only a few regions to focus on under its original proxy model, while the company is a national layout, and it will cover more markets in the future, bringing more growth, while the company and the large chain drug store are well-connected.
Other products of the professional brand include “good dolls” brands, pyramphetamine granules, pediatric sulfone to stop coughing, and mouthwashing fluids for children.
The company's liver products are sold in hospitals and retail on both channels, and in 2021 on the Kyoto and Sky Cat Treasure Channels.
A total of $5,095 million, or 46.45 per cent of the increase. The core gynaecology product, Concorte, increased by 2.86 per cent in 2021. The core species are growing in time as sales are higher on-line and downline channels sink.
Note: The sales data include Kyoto and Sky Cat Scaves 4.3 slow-disease rehabilitation: improved industrial chain layout, new product growth points.
Soft capsules and safrole capsules, where blood-condensed soft capsules and retail channels operate simultaneously, are now relatively high in retail outlets, with sales of $4.14 million at retail end in 2021 and 22.74 per cent faster. The new series of 37 products were marketed in 2021, and as the company expands its product lines in the future, the health products of 37 series are promoted, and extra-hospital promotion is intensified.
Large, business is expected to grow well in the future. In 2021, the lead organizations in Hubei, Guangdong, Shandong, respectively, were involved in the purchase of an inter-Pharmacology Alliance, and the company's blood-set-to-ton capsules were eventually the winning bid, but their impact on the product sales was limited for two reasons, first, that the blood-to-ton capsules were sold mainly in retail channels and had a certain amount of value.
Immunologicalization, followed by a better pattern of competition for blood-consumption soft capsules, produced only by two manufacturers, the Huayun Holy Fire and the Kuen Pharmacy Group, which, despite a decline in retail marketing, remained at over 50 per cent. 4.4 Healthy: long-term development opportunities, with a focus on online demand
After the upgrade of the otc business, the company has defined a large health market, and the larger health business has been under exploration for the past few years. The company has continuously adapted its product structure and business team. The business model is now becoming clear. The product orientations include the basic nutrients products under the `Davido Today' brand, products around women's health, the distribution of older people, and Chinese medicine.
Traditional feeding and care products. Large health businesses now account for less than 5% of business, growing faster on-line in 2021, with many new brands and products on the market, and are still undergoing a process of product rotation, with the prospect of large-scale health industries in the future.
Prescription drugs: product innovation, promising future growth. The company's prescription operations include Chinese medicine formulations of particles, specialist lines (medium prescriptions and prescriptions), anti-infection drugs, etc., constantly increasing product strength in the areas of cardiovascular, osteoporology, digestion, neoplasm, etc.
On 10 February 2021, the National Institute of Medicine, the National Institute of Chinese Medicine, the National Health Service and the National Health Insurance Institute jointly issued a bulletin on the completion of the pilot work on Chinese pharmaceutical formulations, which provides for the production of Chinese medicine by all Chinese pharmaceutical companies in the future.
(c) Support for the integration of Chinese medicine formulation particles into local health insurance; the requirement to monitor and manage the production process, and so on, starting in November.
Figure 46: Highlights of the bulletin on the end of pilot work on Chinese pharmaceutical formulations. Non-sales outside medical facilities, use of Chinese pharmaceutical formulation particles in medical institutions. Record management, non-approval document number control.
It should be made available through the provincial drug central procurement platform, online trading, and in health-care institutions, the range of Chinese tablets is covered by health-care payments, by provincial health services.
Production enterprises should produce their own tablets for use in the production of Chinese formulations, taking into account the combination of clinical needs, the Fund's ability to pay and prices, etc.
After expert review, the Chinese formulations corresponding to the Chinese tablets were included in the payment range for out-purchased medicines, with reference to category B management.
Production enterprises should report to provincial drug surveillance authorities in the use area that Chinese formulations without national drug standards are used across provinces, and should meet the standards established by provincial drug surveillance authorities in the use area
On November 16, 2021, the National Medical and Medical Administration issued a report on the regulation of pharmaceutical formulations in medical institutions.
According to the Chinese Statistical Yearbook (2021), in 2020, there were 1.02 million health-care establishments and 970,000 primary health-care facilities in China.
There are 354,000 hospitals. Of these, 20133 general hospitals, 9021 specialized hospitals, 4426 Chinese hospitals, 12.5% of hospitals, and 0.43% of all health-care establishments. The increase in coverage of health-care institutions after the policy has been liberalized is expected to lead to an expansion of the market for formulation particles.
Payment end: Provinces continue to include formulation particles in local health insurance payments. The Bulletin on Ending Pilot Work on Medium Pharmacy Pharmacometers states that Chinese formulation particles can only be sold in health-care institutions, so the liberalization of medical coverage payments is essential for the future development of Chinese formulation particles; 30 December 2020, State
The Institute of Family Health Insurance and the National Institute of Chinese Medicine issued a Guide to the Development of Innovative Developments in the Transfer of Chinese Medicines in Support of Health Insurance, which provides for the inclusion of eligible Chinese medicine tablets, Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical preparations in medical institutions, etc. in the catalogue of health-care products, and the introduction of a health-care access support policy in the provinces by the end of 2021.
The company continues to improve its whole chain management capacity by establishing a system of traceability covering the entire process of cultivation of medicinal materials, medium-dose tablets and formulations, accelerating the production of national and local standard varieties and upgrading intelligent manufacturing.
:: Figure 49: Market size and acceleration of formulation particles for the last five years
• Pre-emptive advantage: six pilot manufacturers had a pre-emptive advantage, the Chinese pharmaceutical formulation industry had been in a pilot production situation, only six companies, including Hua Yun and Tang Ning Tong, Beijing, had obtained a pilot qualification, and the Chinese medicine formulation particle market had long been dominated by these six firms.
At the end of the pilot, the six companies had a pre-emptive advantage and the strong were always strong. 1) Formula particles: the company could produce more than 600 single-coloured particle varieties, production capacity in Zhejiang, Yunnan, Chongqing, Jiangxi in new formulations, capital expenditure on fixed assets in the next few years will be mainly in the formulation particle business. 2) Medium-dose tablets: September 28, 2018.
The company signed an agreement in December 2020 to purchase 60% of the shares of the company's drug company, which will supplement the production capacity of the product.
In 2021, the National Institute of Medicine approved the first batch of 160 and the second batch of 36 Chinese prescription particle standards. The cost of production of Chinese formulation particle varieties for the implementation of the new national tender will increase significantly, and companies will be reformed in terms of digitization and intelligence.
During the “13th Five-Year” period, the Ministry of National Medicines, to which the company belongs, was able to improve the efficiency of manufacturing plants by 60% and reduce the operating costs of the entire industrial chain by 26%. In addition, the company, in collaboration with the industry ' s Saas service provider Black Lake technology, managed to move from one job to another.
In addition to exploring the intelligent production of Chinese pharmaceutical formulation particles, the company has set up an industrial cloud platform for formulations and has expanded up and down the industrial chain to construct a new model for co-manufacturing Chinese pharmaceutical formulation particle distribution plants. In 2020, the company increased its total production efficiency by 20%, manufacturing.
In the long run, the Chinese market for pharmaceutical formulations is likely to be released in the future, under the high-level state support for the development of Chinese medicine. The company is also an industry-wide advantager in the Chinese pharmaceutical formulation industry, and is expected to receive a 5.2 line of expertise in industrial development: to restructure the product structure and strengthen the current product advantage.
The company's prescription drug specialization is concentrated in areas of specialized advantage, with emphasis on the Values of Products Bureau, which focuses on cardiovascular (critical), digestive liver disease, neoplasms, osteoporology, paediatrics, products such as “problems” for sale through two channels, papoxin (hepatic cancer) in the field of anti-cancer, humbly oil soft capsules (removement blobs), etc.
The current restructuring of the domestic market has resulted in only Noor and Nord and Changchun. In recent years, Nose has been growing rapidly, according to the speed with which sales have increased and the rate with which the city is taking over.
Figure 52: Value-based product mining in Hua Yun Sann's line of work, recapitulation and forward-looking rws studies around digestive tumors, product upscaling and passing through
Academic marketing continues to raise the share of products — easily returning to the carrier — to explore cross-border establishment of “China's liver and liver health screening and treatment of the whole body”, and to achieve “universality--”
Screening, treatment, management of the biosphere continues to open up the market at the grass-roots level, and the market share continues to rise.
• Build a network of experts and increase the exploration and arrival of product mechanisms
Bed research efforts, clinical treatment of products excavated — note that the radioactive fluid revolves around sepsis/sepsis shock, heart cerebral vascular,
(b) The development of relevant clinical research and academic outreach, and clinical recognition
After several years of optimized product structure, the share of Chinese injectors in the company’s operating income declined to about 4% as at 31 December 2021.
The unselected product is mainly in the retail market, so the company has limited influence on the company; the selection of the selected species, although the price is lower, increases in volume and overall profitability; and the unselected product is not selected.
The aggregate impact on companies is small because of the small share of revenue or because they depend mainly on retail outlets. 5.3 Anti-infection: the policy impact is at its end and is expected to grow again with the help of new products. Corporate chemical prescriptions are concentrated in the field of anti-infection.
Injecting sodium thorium with head thorium has remained at more than 90 per cent of sales for nearly five years. Companies have been affected by policies such as limited resistance, collectivization, and so forth, accounting for only 6 per cent of total sales in 2021. Injecting sodium thorium with head thorium and injection, and using head thallium to win in the fifth country, it is expected that subsequent procurement contracts will be concluded and further sales implemented.
Improving market competitiveness and helping to reduce the impact of policies such as centralized procurement of medicines on companies’ anti-infection operations. Chart 57: Structure of sales of the new sample hospital in Huayun, 2017-2021 (in ten thousand yuan)
Restoring business growth. 1) In June 2021, a new type II drug, “Travel-toxed methadone injection fluid with hydrochloric acid” (commodity name: "Ref. " ) was approved for listing, which applies to lymph lymphossis in the thyroid surgery area and helps companies to further enrich the product pipeline and optimize the product structure. 2) The company's subsidiaries introduced injectable headscarves by license.
Sodium esterin (Saipip) has been certified as the country's first approved fifth generation of thorium antibiotics, which has been delayed to 2021 due to changes in the drug registration review system and the new crown outbreak. The cephallin antibiotics are one of the most widely used antibiotics, a wide spectrum semi-synthetic antibiotics, near.
For a few years, we have been in the top of the market for antibiotics. The fifth-generation thorium antibiotics, Sabipup, are excellent in anti-Gream positives, negatives, and especially antimrsa, and have high clinical value and wide market prospects.
Stable status, Sky and brand products are expected to grow at a high rate in the context of the upgrading of varieties, and the pediatric brand, Aono, is expected to grow at a high rate in the future, with multiple drivers, with easy recovery at retail and medical ends, and slow-disease rehabilitation, with blood-enhanced caps in the field relying mainly on retail end, with limited aggregate impact. The company uses the strategy to introduce new products to build them.
“Internet + Medicine” is a continuous improvement in the competitiveness of Chc operations, which is expected to increase by 18% by the same year by 2022-2024, and prescription drugs operations: the company’s prescription operations, which include Chinese prescription particles, specialist lines, anti-infection drugs, etc., are increasing product strength in the areas of brain blood control, osteoporology, digestion, tumours, etc., with the end of the piloting of the Chinese prescription particles, the demand side.
As one of the six pilot companies, the company has a pre-emptive advantage and is able to create, and so on, building down efficiency gains. In the area of expertise, it is expected that the restructuring of the growth hormone product, Noze, will continue to raise the market rate, and that the innovative product will trace it to a methadone of hydrochloric acid injection fluids and introduce a fifth generation.
Māori ratio: Māori rate increases as future companies increase their competitiveness in non-prescriptive pharmaceutical products: the ratio of prescription medicine operations is expected to increase as new products of prescription are marketed and formulations are released, and it also contributes to the Māori rate of sales by companies. Prospective cost: future companies will gradually increase their share of online sales and sales costs will decrease as companies become smart.
Good construction, such as manufacturing, will result in more efficient corporate management, a gradual reduction in management costs, and a greater R&D transformation will increase R&D costs. Market competition increases risks, collects price reduction risks, R&D is less advanced than expected, M&A integration risks, raw materials