Dollar, yoy+78%. The company ' s performance at 1h23 is slightly higher than the previous performance forecast data (net profit returns are fast, asset restructuring is well under way, and the air carrier is moving to a new stage of development. \triangleright
Yoon Cao Wei has improved cost control; R & D investment has increased by 23% over the year. At the cost end, the company \triangleright \triangleright 2023
The research assistant has a great deal of money, mainly due to reduced interest income and increased financial costs as a result of a reduction in company time deposits.
The reorganization of assets and the mobilization of supporting funds were successfully completed, the air carrier was put into a new phase of development. \triangleright, 17 March 2023, the consolidated reorganization programme was approved by the CMC, and the Chinese aircraft and electrical power were closed and delisted;4
On 13 June, the transfer of shares was completed; on 26 June, $5 billion was raised for the collection of matching funds for the construction of projects to upgrade the production capacity of airborne products such as air-guiding subsystems, hydraulically-motivated systems, air power systems, production capacity enhancement, etc.; on 15 August, as a result of changes in the scope of operations, the company proposed to change its name to China
China Air Electronics (600372.sh) 2022 Annual Report Review: “Onboarding is considered and approved by the Shareholders Assembly, subject to submission for approval.
2. China Air Electronics (600372.sh) Tri-quarter 2022 report site, facilitated improvement of corporate governance structures and transformation of business mechanisms through appropriate introduction of social capital through fund-raising
Development of industry in combination with capital operations, leading to high-quality development. Batch 2022/10/31 Investment proposal: Reorganization of corporate assets successfully completed, with business covering both aero-electric and aeronautical electronics
In mid-2022, China Air Electronics (600372.sh) reported an overall increase in the size and size of its main business.
5. China Air Electronics (600372.sz) 2021 report and associated reports: annual increase in profitability; associated transactions
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.