Aerial dynamics (600893.sh) Aerial industry high-profile proven (i) defence equipment industry driven, with rapid year-round growth in performance
At the operational level, in the previous three quarters, corporate operating income and net parent profits increased by 20.9 per cent and 53.3 per cent, respectively, and performance growth was higher than expected, which we believe has led to a significant increase in performance.
In terms of the cost of the period, first of all, due to the epidemic, the cost of managing the company has been effective in reducing the size of the company ' s interest-bearing liability, and the current financial cost rate has fallen by 1.25 pct, which represents a comparable savings of $131 million. The cost of the benefit period has been significantly reduced, and the company is in the process of consolidating it.
With the Māori rate falling by 2.83 pct, a net interest rate of 0.72 pct has been achieved. The company’s q3 single-season revenue and the return net profit have increased by 58.04% in the single quarter, respectively, and we believe that three quarters or become a turning point for a significant increase in the air industry’s climate.
o4. The performance of q4 as an important time node for centralized delivery of corporate products, with revenue of °4 in 2019 and still at a higher level than it could be maintained; at the operational level, the company ' s stock balance for the three quarters was 23,343 million, an increase of some from the beginning of the year.
25.88%, reflecting the increase in the demand for company production. By contrast, companies are expected to pay 54.6% more than at the beginning of the year, mainly because of higher levels of production tasks and large purchases of raw materials and ancillary products.
It is clear (+25.1 per cent) that net cash flows from corporate activities are negative and tend to expand in the face of a significant increase in receivables. (ii) The projected volume of associated transactions throughout the year is significantly higher than planned at the beginning of the year.
The company expects to sell goods and provide services to related parties in China ' s air navigation system for the entire year 2020 amounting to 2,318 million, a significant increase of 101.22 per cent over the planned number at the beginning of the year, and to sell goods and provide services to related parties in the air industry group system.
In the amount of $11,007 million, a significant increase of 20.72% over the number planned for the beginning of the year, we believe that the magnitude of the joint transaction is significantly higher than expected, indicating a significant increase in unplanned demand. Considering the pressure of the surrounding situation, our main warplane model will be on speed, and the company will receive it.
The faster growth trend is expected to be sustained. (iii) Successful completion of minority equity acquisitions by major affiliates, with a marked increase in net return to mothers.
The acquisition of a small number of shares could lead to a greater increase in net profits from the return of the company, for example, in 2019, public (four) trillion-grade markets led by the company’s mastery, and the company’s future growth prospects.
According to Rolo, the total size of the global air engine and gas turbine market for 2014-2033 is $2.68 trillion. Its median engine and gas turbine requirements are $1.54 trillion, the support service requirements are about $1.14 trillion, and the net profit from the support service requirements is several times that of the manufacturing business. The civil aviation engine market needs $1.05 trillion and the corresponding service requirements are $700 billion.
US$ 155.0 billion for military aviation engines and US$ 260 billion for corresponding services: US$ 270 billion for naval naval gas turbines and US$ 125 billion for corresponding services: US$ 60 billion for energy such as electricity, hydrocarbons and US$ 60 billion for corresponding services.
In the face of trillion-grade markets, companies are home-grown, global, and, against the backdrop of rising market demand and accelerated national production substitution, are well-developed and growing rapidly in the future. By reference to industry, companies have a stronger valuation advantage than companies.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Lee Liang, Head of the Mechanical Industry Group, the first in the financial profession of the Defence Force, and the fourth in the New Wealth Corps in 2015.