Aerial dynamics (600893), if public investment logic, productivity and valuation are to be seen
The company is a major air engine manufacturing base in the country, and the country's only manufacturing vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, and the market released rhythms, production bottlenecks and valuations for the company's performance after three quarterly reports.
The main lines of activity of the Division are three types: aviation engines and production.
The main products and services are military civil aviation engines, complete aircraft and parts thereof, and the export of parts and components of civil aviation engines.
1. How is the logic of the mainframe engine different from that of the other mainframes? Civil-military gas turbines, military civil aviation engine maintenance guarantees.
In addition to benefiting from a number of major aircraft types, as does the Chinese aircraft, it will also benefit from the significant events that will take place in the country over the next three to six months: the replacement of national production by aircraft, the replacement market for the maintenance of existing military flights and the explosion of the future civilian aircraft market.
On the supply side, the market has been concerned about the productivity and delivery of the public sector, although, according to our research on the engine industry chain, there is no undue concern about the demand side of the market.
Five issues of capacity and delivery will be significantly improved compared to 135, mainly because the 1455 mandate guarantee is placed in a very important position, and if the company's own capacity is limited, it will not be excluded, or will be addressed through market-based cooperation.
Eung Heung Securities reported the momentum of the voyage (600893), if you look at the investment logic, productivity and valuation of the company.
The full-scale version of the main warplane type during the 1450s, the various modifications will be accelerated, and there will be a strong need for large vortex fans, mass vortex fans, mid-pulse vortex fans, large power vortex axes.
The start of the dawn company’s new product will enter the harvest period, which will better support the company’s performance. The company’s cash payments for fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets exceeded $240 billion in 2019, increasing its capacity more rapidly, while the company, in its three quarterly reports, has projected a significant increase of 101.22 per cent in the volume of goods and services delivered to China’s shipping system throughout 2020 than planned at the beginning of the year, and the volume of related transactions is expected to show a significant increase in unplanned demand.
The reboot engine performance since the beginning of the year, which started on 1 July, is the flagship of the mainframe, like Shen Fei and Hongdu Aviation, and historically, it is more elastic because it is the country's most complete air engine spectrum and the most productive company, which is extremely scarce, often at market risk, and when it is favoured, the market uses the peak value of future engine deliveries to give the corresponding market space, with the number of our military aircraft as of the end of 2019 standing at 3,207 and the United States at 12670.
We assume that the total number of our military aircraft will reach United States levels in the next 15 years, with a five-year replacement cycle (3 engines per aircraft), without taking into account the maintenance of the city, conservatively predicting that the next 15 years will require approximately 3817 engines, market space or more than 100 billion dollars per year, and that, by reference to the median numbers of ps from the main aircraft plant, such as the Chinese Shen Flying, the Chinese Directing and the Chinese Airing Aircraft, market value space can be given to 2-2.5 times ps at a high risk margin, and the market ceiling is still larger at this point in time from the peak state of navigation power.
The delivery of aviation products was lower than expected; the impact of the military pricing reform was lower than expected.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECS) Report: Aerial dynamics (600893), if the company's investment logic, productive capacity and valuation are to be viewed
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.