Researchchand developmentcenter Workmaster, thick and thin hair, Chinese manufacturing standards
– In-depth report by Sinkuan Technologies (300124.sz) 16/03/2021
The company is the leader of industrial automation in China, the layout of the technology (300124.sz) for general automation, power control for new energy vehicles, elevator support, industrial robotics and railing.
The company’s management, most of whom have long-term work experience as Emerson, has been a multi-year business partner, with the same values and strong enforcement.
General automation: based on “industry + brand + technology marketing” to achieve much higher-than-industry growth. The country’s workers’ dividends have fallen, and the domestic market will continue to grow steadily; and most of the country’s leading players are overseas.
Businesses, import substitution space is wide. Sinka-Technology marketing, a systematic resolution program, a continuous expansion of applications, and a stable branding of low-pressure transformer frequency and serving market stations.
In the light of the trend towards motorization of the ball, there has been a rapid increase in sales of new and renewable vehicles, both domestically and abroad. The company’s power and control operations began with the use of vehicles, the binding of passenger vehicles in 2012 and the establishment of a good branding influence, bulk supply and product-fixing capability; the power of the motor control market in 2016, after several years of stockpiling, achieved the target of 2020 for Wilma, Wilhelm, Wilhelm, and Wilhelm.
With the supply and rapid increase in sales of new car-making forces like Peng, Ideas, and others, it is hoped that the country’s entire fleet of cars outside the sea will continue to grow even further and maintain high growth. Elevator support: there is still a momentum for growth in demand, high-growth markets and customers in the SWI in recent years.
The recent increase and decline in January (%) The domestic real estate regulation has had an impact on the need for elevators, but the failure to see the completion of buildings, the addition of new elevator regulations and the renovation of old buildings, and stock substitution will continue to drive the increase in the sale of elevator-related products; the company acquired them in 2019
Portfolio share ratio (%) Bethet synergies are evident and will be achieved in the future through the binding of large transnational customers, the opening of overseas markets and stock conversions and 36.0x, with companies at the forefront of domestic industrial control, and through downstream industry expansion and product enrichment
Risk factors: less than anticipated risks from demand for industrial controls; less than expected risks from increased market competition; new customers; less than expected risks from new products; risks from changes in the technical route of products such as electricity and telecommunications, etc.
The market believes that the company has achieved the first level in the country in terms of frequency changers, server systems, new-energy automobiles, etc.
We believe that in the traditional industrial and regulatory markets, where companies expand downstream applications and product categories, there is still room for further upgrading, and where there is still much room for import substitution; and in the new car market, where companies now rely mainly on new power for car creation, there is hope that they will continue to break through the domestic, overseas, whole-of-the-art front line and go up to one more step.
The market believes that the company’s Māori rate has declined in recent years and that its profitability has diminished. We believe that the decline in Māori rates in recent years has been due mainly to weaker demand in the electric ladder business sector, lower and lower overall Māori rates for Bethet products, and lower commercial rates for new-energy car power control, combined with the fact that the use of vehicles is still in the process of market expansion.
The return of demand for products and the release of high-quality domestic and foreign customers by vehicle and power is expected to yield a steady return in profitability. First, the technology of the Hong Kong River: the industrial pole, China’s manufacturing model.
After 17 years of development, it has become the leading industrial automation enterprise in the country. Among them, the market for low-voltage transformers is in the first camp with abb and Siemens in the third and upper class of the industry.
To the second highest level in the industry. With top customer value demand, home-based, international outreach, innovative solutions and services for global clients, seeking to grow in size and profit.
The company has gradually expanded from general automation to server, plc&hmi, conventional and industrial Internet-related products; and has expanded horizontally the elevator industry's exclusive use of transformers and related electrical products such as human interfaces, door systems, control cabinets, etc.
Since its inception, the company has continued to promote in-house extended mergers and acquisitions, expanding product categories and applications, and achieving cross-cyclical development. From low-pressure transformer operations, the company focuses on downstream areas such as elevators, air pressure machines, etc.
This is why the company has been growing at a rate of 20% or more since it was listed, and in 2020 it introduced a systemized solution with a higher level of profitability. The company relies on the full product layout, which enables it to implement a systemized solution for its clients.
Māori rates and net interest rates were 40 per cent and more than 20 per cent, respectively, and Māori rates have declined in recent years as a result of the restructuring of new car customers and the impact of frequency transformers, but the larger clients of the company ' s vehicle-based products have begun to release and are growing rapidly, with company Māori rates and net interest rate levels of 39.4 per cent and 19.4 per cent, respectively, in the first three quarters of 2020.
Figure 3: Sustained R & D investment in the company ' s revenue-earning industry from 2016 to date is the basis for long-term growth in the company. At the beginning of 2004, based on a research and development team of more than 20 people, the company managed to combat vector-frequency technology.
Since its inception, companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development, increasing their numbers from 869 in 2015 to 2,392 in mid-2020, bringing in international leading technology, and acquiring power from power drivers and controls, electricity electronics and industrial network communications.
Elevator integrated controllers, new-energy vehicle integrated motor controllers, air-pressure integrated controllers, vehicle air conditioning machines, etc. have become industry labels.1.2 Management has a “wolves” gene and has worked together for many years and has a strong executive power.
The executives and business cadres, which are at the heart of the president and president of the company, cover the business sectors from R & D, marketing, supply chains, quality, and all of them have a career experience, Emmerson has laid down the core values of a company that is “primarily client-oriented, contributor-oriented, open to collaboration and sustained excellence.” Management has modern management experience in international enterprises.
Knowing and mastering cutting-edge technology in the industry, and understanding the localization of industrially controlled products. Members have worked together for more than 20 years, and together they have undergone the baptization of entrepreneurship, creating common ideals and values, working together, working together, with no controlling shareholders in the company, and investing in the employee-owned platform Hitchuan as the company’s first shareholder.
Mr. Chu, who holds 5.03% of the company’s shares directly, and 18.03% of the company’s shares through the investment in Sinkcheon, has an incentive to bind employees’ interests to the company, guaranteeing a rapid growth in company performance while giving them a more favourable return. The company has implemented five rounds of stock/equity incentives since it was listed, the latest of which was the performance appraisal target, 2020-2023.
The rate of increase in both revenue and net profits was over 20 per cent, highlighting the firm's confidence in future development, while, in terms of the right to move prices, which generally ranged from 7 to 8 per cent of market prices, giving employees a greater incentive to increase their performance and to bind their interests. 1.3 The technology community in the Hong Kong SAR enhances customer stickyness and improves the post-sale system to respond in a timely manner to customer needs
The company operates the Hong Kong Technology Community, which includes community forums for interaction between the company and its clients and its core sections, presentations and case-sharing, community classrooms for technology training on related products, manuals for users of various products of the company, online maps for the use of instructions.
Bookshops, etc., while users can obtain droplets and shop in Forum City through sharing, comment, etc., greatly enhance customer sticky, first of all, the company ' s multi-channel after-sales advice approach: 1. Unified national service line: 2. Client counterpart supplier: 3. Local service manager in Segawa.
In contrast, the company specified that after-sales services should respond within half an hour, with an initial solution submitted within two hours, and that non-quality questions would respond to the final outcome in two working days: quality issues would be subject to back-to-work maintenance, safety and functional testing, and the submission of analytical reports.
General automation: based on “industry plus brand plus technology marketing”, to achieve a much higher-than-industry growth General automation operations of companies are in the industrial automation industry and involve a variety of core components, such as frequency transformers, server systems, control systems, and electrical solutions. The market for downstream applications of industrial automation products includes a wide range of air pressure, cranes, machines, etc.
The market demand for beds, metal products, cable cables, textile fibres, printed packagings, plastics, construction materials, coal mines, metallurgy, chemicals, municipalities, petro-oil, etc., is closely related to such factors as expansion of production capacity in downstream industries, upgrading of equipment, automation of production lines and higher levels of intellectualization.
The higher the average, the higher the number of industrial automation products used. The country’s industrial automation has been largely growing year by year. According to China’s Industrial Control Network, the size of our industrial automation market in 2020 was 18,95 billion yuan, and the market is expected to be 20,8.7 billion yuan in 2022, with a compound growth rate of 5%.
Corporate general automation (GSA) business growth is consistent with industry and is clearly ahead of industry. In 2019, GSA generated $2.9 billion, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period, and in 2015-2019, a complex increase of 39 per cent, a clear advance over industry income of 8 per cent, which was above the level of total income in 2019.
We believe that the growth in corporate general automation is clearly ahead of the industry for a number of main reasons: 1. Early focus on industry solutions, focusing on "industry marketing plus brand marketing." Companies have advantages in sub-sectors such as transformers, elevators, air pressure machines, metal products, etc., and have since introduced the concept of "industry marketing plus brand marketing".
Building on existing niche industries, companies have achieved horizontal expansion of the industry through the introduction of a range of industry solutions and executives, and a sustained increase in the share of the market on the basis of effective protection against the risks associated with the impact of single downstream industry fluctuations on companies.
The downstream coverage and the increase in city ownership can be achieved through industry solutions, to a large extent from corporate product groups, which have achieved full coverage of industrial automation information layers, control layers, driving layers, enforcement layers and sensor-based products, with different requirements based on customer needs and through different product combinations.
The business model of an integrated solution also guarantees corporate profitability. In recent years, the Māori ratio of the company’s major product categories, frequency transformers, mobile control and control technology products, has remained at around 45%, while the size of the collection has increased rapidly, with general frequency transformers, universal servers, and plc&hmi growing at a compound rate of more than 30% from 2015 to 2019.
Over the years, industry marketing has enabled companies to produce standardized product production and conditions, and companies have started to diversify the market. Through many years of industry marketing, companies have developed a well-known brand image and have at the same time acquired relatively standardized products that can be applied to a number of industries.
The three advantages are reflected in the final result, namely, the company’s increasing presence in the segment of the industry and its position at the top of the country. The market for low-pressure transformers, whose overall size rose from 17.2 billion yuan in 2015 to 20.1 billion yuan in 2020, with annual compounding.
The rate of increase was 3.1 per cent, with companies in line 1 with abb, Siemens and Siemens, standing at the top of the third and in-house brands of the industry, with cities occupying the market, with the overall market size rising from $10.2 billion in 2015 to $14.2 billion in 2020, with an annual compound increase of three, new energy vehicles: the upgrading of commercial vehicles to passenger vehicles, which can be realized gradually in the future.
The company ' s new energy automobile business, which is part of the new energy automobile industry, and whose main products include electrical controllers, high-performance motors, total power drives, industrial technological advances, improved facilities and increased market recognition, continues to grow well. 2014-2015 is the first year of development of the new energy automobile industry in the country, with the same amount of new energy vehicles sold.
With an increase of more than 300 per cent and an annual increase in the volume of new cars from less than 100,000 to more than 300,000, the country ' s new energy vehicles, facilitated by the promotion of subsidized policies, technological advances and the improvement of the supporting facilities, have been largely growing year by year. In 2020, the volume of new energy vehicles sold in the country was 13 per cent more than in the same year, with a combined increase in the volume of new energy vehicles sold between 2011 and 2020.
It has never been seen that benefiting from the global motorization process, the continued advancement of domestic market-based policies, and technological advances to boost the recognition of the new energy market, domestic sales of new energy vehicles are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, close to the growth of new energy cars in 2030, through the period of “tob” to “toc” markets and “commercial car growth” to “drilling”.
The early domestic promotion of new energy vehicles began mainly with the market for “tob” passenger cars, which is better implemented by policy, and then, as technology progresses and costs fall, it gradually penetrates into a more demanding, space-based car market. In the country’s new energy vehicle marketing structure in 2015, the share of new energy vehicles was about 62%, and by 2020 it was 90%.
The company’s new power-car power-control business began with a car, and it is expected to flourish in the future with a car. New-energy car power control is the same source as the public-sector variable-frequency product. In 2008, the company set up a new energy-sector power-control operation, initially starting with a vehicle, and between 2008 and 2012 it collaborated in the production of electricity-control products with car companies such as Jili, Jianghuai, Congtai, Hai Ma, etc.: 2012
In 2016, the company was formed as a coalition of Siochuan entities to expand the market for new energy vehicles, and between 2016 and 2019, the number of project sites and bulk supplies for now-car companies has been growing year by year.
In 2012, the company tied to the market for powered passenger vehicles. Wootong is a domestic passenger car and 22,000 vehicles, and has been selling more than 20,000 vehicles annually since 2016, far above the average in the electric passenger vehicle industry.
By being tied to the electric passenger bus, the branding of the HCC power plant has been enhanced, while the company ' s ability to customize its products and to deliver them in bulk has been further enhanced through association with Yutong, laying a solid foundation for the future demand for more stringent vehicle power and electricity and controlling the release of products.
In 2016, the company set up the Sinkkawa Joint Power to expand the new energy-car market for independent entities, pursuing a “go out, come in, localize” strategy, working with the electric power and control providers of the global front-line companies of Mercedes, BMW and Volvo to develop high power density to meet the requirements of cars,
High-reliability, high-valued power generation, combined with localized R & D and manufacturing, to improve efficiency and reduce costs; By 2017, the company achieved a breakthrough in total vehicle-driven production of zero, with a partial national vehicle-type electric control product; and by 2018, the company had cumulatively completed eight domestic vehicle enterprises, some of which were spotted for sale and fast-tracked sales of vehicle power and power.
Growth, while relying on domestic supply chains and rapid response advantages, the company began to deploy international passenger vehicle customers: in 2019, the company moved forward to obtain multiple vehicle-type fixes for a front-line mainframe plant in the country, which was reviewed through the technology and quality systems of an international first-class car factory; in 2020, it benefited from a new Internet car-making power selling and releasing, with a rapid increase in revenue from the company's electricity- and electricity-based products.
At this point in time, we believe that companies are far from reaching the end of their rides, and that there are still high-quality domestic customers, such as the country’s traditional headlines, and the world’s big customers, who can grow up. The year 2020 saw a rapid increase in the sales of new Internet-based power, such as the ideal, the miniature, and the Wilma.
The new power of Internet-based car production, such as peng, Wilma, has been on the move since the second half of 2020, with sales of 33,000 vehicles, 27,000 vehicles and 22,000 vehicles, respectively, accounting for about 2% of the total new energy vehicle sales. Performance shows that the company’s new car business, which has been affected by the commercial car market, has experienced a decline in recent years, but the market for cars has been driven by companies.
By 2019, the company’s new energy motor control products were sold mainly in passenger and logistics cars, as a result of a decline in the market for new energy commercial vehicles, and the company’s new energy vehicle operations were affected by a certain decline in performance. But since 2019, in the new energy use vehicle market, in 2019, the company’s electricity and control-related products were gradually gaining access to one-line mainframe plants.
In 2020, the new energy vehicle business began to grow at $630 million, 85 per cent more than in the first three quarters of 2020, and the year was marked by an increase of 1434 million exports of technology-controlled products, a 139 per cent increase in the same year, with the city accounting for 10.6 per cent, after Biadeque.
IV. Elevator attachments: there is still a growth dynamic of demand, a high-growth market with a high-intensity focus on the Hong Kong River and a 4.1 real estate regulation affecting the demand for elevators, but a three-fold gain will still drive the demand growth.
The demand for the company’s elevator products is closely linked to the downstream real estate industry. The country’s elevator production has evolved over three phases since the twenty-first century, with rapid growth from 2000-2015, downstream impacts from 2015-2018, and steady growth since 2019.
The development of rail and rail transport, such as the subway, and the urbanization process, especially in the real estate sector, led directly to a high and long-term expansion of the elevator industry. In 2005-2015, the country’s elevator production grew from 135,000 to 760,000, with an annual compound increase of 19 per cent; 10,000, with an annual compound growth rate of 4 per cent; and in 2019, it was subject to policies such as four or more floors of new homes and old buildings.
Since 2015, the domestic real estate sector has had some impact on the demand for elevator-related products. Since 2015, the country's real estate market has been continuously restructured and stock levels have increased under the long-term mechanism of maintaining a “shelter-free” system.
The rate of growth in the area of construction and construction has been largely negative, with 912 million square metres in 2020, a decrease of 5 per cent in the same year; at the same time, the rate of completion of investment in real estate development in the country by 2015 was higher than that of gdp, with the construction of our houses and new start-up areas increasing steadily in 2015, and the gradual conversion of construction into completed areas in the future will stimulate the demand for elevators in recent years.
With the regulation of our real estate, real estate enterprises are struggling to finance the “scratch and delay” situation. Although there has been a decline in the area of construction of our houses since 2015, there has been an increase in the area of new construction and construction. By the end of 2020, the size of our new houses and the size of the buildings under construction were 22.4 and 9.27 billion, respectively, and the compound rate of growth since 2015 was 8 and 5 per cent.
It has never been seen that the construction of new houses and construction areas in the country will accelerate into completed areas, thus increasing the need for elevators, mainly due to: 1. The completion cycle of our houses in 2-3 years and the increase in the number of new construction areas since 2015, which will gradually translate into completed areas; 2. The concentration of real estate markets, with the effects of the tightening of real estate financing and the epidemic, is increasing, with large houses.
With the introduction of the “three red lines” policy, there is a greater willingness to convert pre-harvests into revenue through the completion of housing projects and to reduce the asset-liability ratio. The need for elevators in four new floors and above and in old buildings has further increased.
The Ministry’s Housing Project Regulation (Investment Draft) identifies four or more floors of new residential buildings or housing entrance floors, which are designed on the outer floor at a height of more than nine metres, as elevators, followed by more local design codes. In the renovation of old buildings, the demand for elevators in old buildings has increased further.
The report on the work of the Ministry states that “the size of the old towns and the old districts is so large that they need to be overhauled to support the need for lifts and barrier-free loops. The normal useful life of our elevators is usually 15 years, but because of the low level of technology in the early stages of the country and the prevalence of high passenger flow, high loads, low maintenance and so on, many elevators are actually less than 15 years old.
The elevator industry has been growing at a high rate for almost a decade since 2005, at an annual compound rate of over 20%. Over time, the number of elevators and the number of older elevators has continued to increase, and the need to upgrade the elevators has increased.
Globally, the size of the market for annual upgrades and protections is greater than the size of the new ladder market of the year, with advanced countries like Europe and the United States accounting for over 40 per cent of the revenue from upgrading and upgrading operations, while domestic firms, such as Shanghai Machines and Electrics, Conservative Elevators and others, account for less than 30 per cent of the revenue from retrofitting operations, and there is still much room for improvement.
4.2 The company binds large multinational customers, opens markets abroad and transforms markets in many ways beyond market growth, acquires Bestte, with obvious synergies and increased competitiveness. The company’s traditional elevator-related products include, inter alia, one elevator controllers, control cabinets, elevator Internet, and the acquisition of 100 per cent of Beast’s shares in 2019, with clear synergies between the two.
First, at the product level, Bestte is mainly involved in the production of products such as elevator interfaces, door systems, beam cables, wellway electrical systems (18 per cent and 13 per cent, respectively, in the area of human interfaces and elevator cables), which are a good complement to the company ' s original product, which is a large-scale package of elevators, enriched product types and broadened market areas; and second, from overseas target markets.
It appears that the company ' s original elevator operations are mainly involved in regional markets such as India and South-East Asia, while Bethet has a relatively high share in regional markets such as South Korea and Europe; finally, according to its core clients, the company ' s original business accounts for the bulk of the national elevator brand market, while Bestte operates mainly as a multinational elevator brander.
I've been working on a technology project in Sichuan, Best, elevator integrated controllers, control cabinets, elevator Internet, etc.
Overseas markets such as Korea and Europe, India, South-East Asia, etc.
The current domestic elevator market continues to be dominated by multinational companies, with Besttop clients being global frontlines.
The escalators are mainly occupied by European elevator manufacturers, represented by Otis, Tung Li, Yin Da, Tisheng Changber, and Japanese elevator manufacturers, represented by Mitsubishi, Yoki, Toshiki, and Fushda, who together account for about 70-80% of the global market. The elevator industry is now also dominated by foreign brands, with major manufacturers accounting for 60-65% of companies.
The acquisition of Bester’s major multinational elevator branding company, with its top five clients globally in the first half of 2019, accounted for about 50% of the revenue. Significant outreach to multinational customers, overseas markets, and security reform markets, system solutions, and company elevator operations.
The company has achieved double-digit growth in elevator operations since 2015 and has recovered since 2015-2019 at $28.2 and $3.17 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 106% and 82% in the same year. The growth has benefited from the company’s expansion of multinational large customers in the context of the slowdown in domestic elevator demand, the expansion of overseas markets and the maintenance of markets.
Fifthly, there is wide scope for industrial robots to grow, and companies have completed the upgrading of “from parts to whole”, with the production of industrial robots growing rapidly in recent years, with a slight decline but no change in industrial growth in our country from 2018 to 2019.
Industrial robot sales have grown rapidly since the breakthrough of 10,000 units in 2010, reaching 140,000 in 2019, with an annual compound increase of 28.2 per cent, representing 38 per cent of global industrial robot sales from 12 per cent in 2010 to 2019. Between the second half of 2018 and 2019, the country ' s industrial robot requirements were affected by the weak demand in the two major downstream industries, namely automobiles and electronics.
As a result of this decline, the demand for industrial robots has fallen on the same scale for two years, and although the demand for industrial robots has been more affected by downstream investment, our country, as a global manufacturing hub, will be a long-term driver of the growth of the industrial robotics industry, whose long-term trend towards good growth has not changed.
The number of industrial robots is still very high compared to the major industrial powers around the world. In comparison to the number of industrial robots in China, the United States, Japan, Germany, and Germany, the value of industrial added per unit of industry is growing in all four countries, and in terms of numbers, the number of industrial robots per 100 billion industrial value added in 2018 was 11,000, not enough.
Japan and Germany are at 2011 levels, compared with Japan and Germany in 2018 at 3.1 and 22,000/billion US dollars, respectively. We estimate that our industrial robotic holdings are expected to increase from the current 700,000 to 1.57 million during the period of “145.” We assume that during the period of “145” there was an increase of 6% in the domestic gdp, with industry increasing by 40% and unit industry by 40%.
The number of industrial robots is 20,000/US$ 100 billion (equivalent to the Japanese-German level between 2010 and 2015), corresponding to a total of 1.57 million in 2025, increasing the space available for industrial robotics.
In 2016, the company launched the Scara Robotic Surgery Program, which extended the Flour Plus process to the whole machine+ process. In 2017, the company 's industrial robotic operations were pushed to scale.
During the first semester, the company consolidated the Nanjing Hitchuan visual system and the Shanghai Ryan high-precision string products, developed a “core parts + machine + visual + process” business strategy and, in the lead-up to the sale of the core parts and the whole machine, developed the industrial base because, in the deep-farming cellular manufacturing industry, the entire robot + process was introduced around the process of matchmaking, stacking, glue, locking, etc.
General automated markets: based on a model of marketing and providing integrated solutions for companies based on “industry plus brand plus technology” and based on continuous expansion of downstream applications and increased customer stickyness, companies develop “up-up-down-down” strategies, along with high-profile clients and regional distribution markets, where the market share is expected to increase continuously.
New-energy car power market: The company's new-powered car control has gone through a development that began with the use of cars, the growth of commercial cars, the growth of cars in the use of vehicles, the prelude to the deployment of the car market and the accumulation of progressive harvests, the benefits of the new power of Internet-based cars, the growth of the company's use of motor-controlled products, but it has never been seen that the company is still expected to make further breakthroughs in the domestic and overseas front line of the entire vehicle, but still remains.
In the first place, we believe that the demand for electrical equipment for the elevators as a whole is still growing, with the increase in the size of the beneficiary’s home, the addition of new regulations and the renovation of old buildings, and the replacement of the elevators. On this basis, the company’s acquisition of Bestte’s synergies is evident, and it has gone beyond the industry through the binding of large multinational customers, the opening of overseas markets and the transformation of markets, and the use of the system’s solutions model.
Industrial robotics market: our industrial robot production has grown rapidly in recent years, but we still have much room for improvement in the number of industrial robots per unit of industrial value added, compared to the industrial power of overseas countries; while the beneficiary industries have grown in recent years, and companies have completed the switch from core parts to full machine suppliers in the industrial robot market and will enjoy industry growth and their own market share in the future.
The new crown epidemic, among other things, has led to global and domestic demand for industrial controls that are not as high as expected: increased market competition has led to less-than-expected risks for companies: new customers, less-exploitable new products, less-than-expected risks: the risk of technological changes in product routes, such as new power cars, etc. The components have not been, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific analyses or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.