China Connect (600050) Communications “Five New” Connects continuously release mixed dividends, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Corporate performance bulletins issued in the first three quarters of 2018, operating revenue of $21,971.2 million in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 6.77 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers of $3,470 million, an increase of 164.50 per cent in the same year. • In the context of acceleration fees, the focus on innovative cooperation strategies ensures that the mixed dividends are visible.
In-house, mobile traffic “walking” fees are being eliminated and, in the larger context of continued acceleration, operators are under pressure to reduce their main business. Companies promote easy user transition by deploying ahead, deepening their flow operations, optimizing the cost of their products and building up large-flow packages, and working to promote multi-winner and effective mitigation through the use of discounted sales.
Performance pressure. In the first three quarters of 2018, the company ebitda was 66,379 million yuan, an increase of 1.2 per cent over the same period last year, and ebitda accounted for 33.2 per cent of the principal business income, while the total profit achieved by the company was 10,546 million yuan, and the net profit attributable to the parent company was 3,470 million yuan, compared to last year.
With regard to mobile operations, a net increase of 25,66 million users in the previous three quarters of the company reached 310 million, of which a net increase of 38.97 million users in 4g reached 214 million households, but the income from fixed Internet broadband access amounted to 32,039 million yuan.
Thus, while companies continue to deepen mixed ownership reforms, accelerate Internetization operations, and invest in “five new” connections with new genes, new governance, new operations, new dynamic energy, new ecology, reducing operating costs, bringing about rapid growth in corporate performance, and will continue to unleash the mixed dividends in the future.
• A full layout of 5g, shaping the core competitiveness of the future. Since this year, the company has made a number of statements to actively deploy the next generation of wireless networks: the company opened its first 5g base station in Guiyang and built a 5g joint laboratory for innovative applications;
5g pilot testing in 16 major cities across the country, including Tianjin, Qingdao, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Chengdu and Shenzhen; and in September 2018, the company launched the 5g+ Video Promotion Programme and launched the China Connect 5g+ Video Partnership Programme in a synchronized manner, hoping to accelerate the construction of the 5g ecosystem in cooperation with vertical industry partners
The company will take full advantage of the blending advantage in the future, using the combination of 5g technology and high-resolution video as an opportunity to explore in depth new business, new applications, and collaborative win-win business models that integrate the vertical sector, ultimately contributing to the rapid growth of the 5g industry.
No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.