China Connect: The previous three quarters showed a steady improvement in performance, with an increase of RMB 211.712 billion in operating income from January to September 2018.
6.77 per cent; the net return to the mother is 3,470 million yuan, an increase of 164.50 per cent over the same period. Cash from operating activities has grown steadily and the company ' s performance has improved significantly: the company ' s gross operating income has gradually improved in recent years, and growth has gradually increased.
In the first three quarters of 2018, income from the overall main business reached RMB 2013 million, an increase of 6.46 per cent over the same period last year. Of this, income from the mobile main business reached RMB 125,424 million, an increase of 7.2 per cent over the same period last year; income from the industrial Internet business reached RMB 17,249 million.
▪ Deepening flow operations and overall promotion of the “Five New” connectivity: the company moved to 214 million households in the first three quarters of 2018. The mobile account user arpu was 46.8 yuan, down from the same period last year. But by optimizing the cost of its products and actively promoting large-flow packages, the company slowed down
Remove the pressure on income from the “walking” fee for domestic mobile phones, and move towards full-scale “Five New” connectivity and speed up Internet access. • Actively promote incentives reforms to stimulate innovation and develop new dynamics: companies strengthen incentives and performance
Links, increased introduction of innovative talent, supported by improvements at the equity level and at the business level, to enable companies to hold 1, China Connect (600050): 4g for continuous development, and to promote innovative business development through active cooperation with partners involved in transformation.
The household penetration rate continues to rise, and fixed broadband is competing for a growing market.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: innovation constantly improves the firm’s core competitiveness and drives income-side sustainability
The dividends are released, the joint venture is made on a case-by-case basis by reference to the comparable valuations of major global operators, and we believe that the pb method can also be used for valuations: 3, China Connect: User Growth Overtakes
The global operator averaged 2-2.5 times the pb and the a-share connection was 1.2 times the pb, which was underestimated before the middle-movement, the high growth of innovative business became business; considering the extent to which mixing would lead to an increase in net capital and a rapid increase in performance, I
The value of a joint venture pb is considered to be moving closer to the global average, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Innovative business is not growing as expected.
Between January and September 2018, the company achieved income from its operations in the amount of RMB 21.97.12 billion, an increase of 6.77 per cent over the same period; net profit from the return to the mother in the amount of RMB 3.47 billion, an increase of 164.50 per cent over the same period.
Companies’ gross operating income has been growing steadily, growing at a positive rate in recent years. The growth in corporate performance will be further enhanced as companies build fast “Five New” connectivity, firmly push forward Internet-based operations to blend into opportunities to deepen strategic cooperation.
Figure 2: Mother-to-child net profits and the same rate of increase. Corporate operating costs increased by 3.43 per cent over the same period the previous year. Māori levels were slightly lower than in the same period last year, and profitability remained stable. Financial costs of $106 million were incurred as of the third quarter, with a financial cost of 0.05 per cent, a decrease of 1.57 pct compared to the same period last year.
This is mainly due to increased interest spending due to the expansion of the size of the financing. Interest costs were 1,376 million. As the 5g process progressed, the company ' s transformation expanded strongly, with sales costs of $8,802 million in the third quarter and 12.47 per cent in the current period, an increase of 0.19 pct over the same period last year; sales costs were 11.51 per cent as of the end of the third quarter, compared with last year ' s.
Deepening flow operations and fully promoting the “Five New” Connectivity Construction Corporation has increased the number of mobile account users by 25.666 million in the first three quarters of 2018 to 310 million. Of these, 4g users have increased by 38.97 million to 214 million. As of the third quarter, mobile phone access to the Internet totalled 150.94 billion mb.
Of these, a net increase of 38.974 million users was 30.07% compared to the same period last year. Mobile account-leaving users arpu was 46.8 yuan, down from the same period last year.
In the face of intense competition in the market for fixed broadband operations, companies insist on broad integration, bandwidth, and video to guide their efforts to create an Internet-based market for Internet access.
Continuously optimizing the integration of product systems by pushing high bandwidth products, highlighting content pulls, continuously filling up high-quality videos, and steadily improving Internet broadband operations. The number of fixed broadband users reached 80.35 million, a net increase of 3.81 million compared to the end of last year. In the first three quarters of 2018, fixed broadband access revenue reached 32.039 billion yuan yuan, which remained stable on average.
Figure 5: Key business data indicators. In the first three quarters of 2018, income from fixed Internet broadband access reached 32,039 million yuan yuan, which remained largely stable, while companies accelerated the construction of core capacities such as innovative product platforms, products, and institutional mechanisms that were isolated from traditional operations.
Increased cooperation at the operational and capital levels with the partners involved in the transformation of the sector has led to new breakthroughs in the development of innovative business. Of this, income from mobile main business reached RMB 125,424 million, an increase of 7.2 per cent over the same period last year.
Active promotion of incentive reforms to stimulate innovation development and new dynamics Firms to strengthen incentives and performance, to increase the introduction of innovative talent, to support sustainable corporate development through improvements at the equity level + at the business level, and to promote innovative business development and responsive day through active cooperation with change partners
During the first three quarters of 2018, the company insisted on an in-depth implementation of a focused and innovative cooperation strategy to fully advance the “Five New” connectivity, the pace of Internet-based operations has gradually accelerated, the mix dividend has initially emerged, and the speed, quality, and efficiency of development has improved markedly. Companies have been working hard to transform Internet-based operations around light contact points, light costs, and innovative business models.
In response to increased competition in the market, mobile operations were rapidly and efficiently developed in the first three quarters of 2018. A net increase of 25.666 million mobile account users reached 310 million; a net increase of 38.97 million of these 4g users reached 214 million.
Continued improvements; sustained reductions in operating costs and efficiency through precision investment and terminal subsidy reductions; and innovative industries that inject new momentum into the medium- and long-term growth of companies.1 The persistent pressure on the earnings of operators has forced them to reduce the size of the network or to push prices upstream.
2. The weakening of national enabling policies in new and emerging areas such as 5g, the Internet of goods, the willingness of operators to deploy 5g/nb networks, the lack of progress in standardizing 3, 5g and product research and development, the significant increase in unit prices for products and the delay in commercial deployments.4 The technological advances and product upgrading of overseas communications equipment providers are expected to increase rapidly, leading to a rapid increase in product competitiveness within the country
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board