From pursuit to beyond, it's a wonderful journey.
Founded in 1980, the company has been working on the polyurethane industry and, after 40 years of development, mdi production has been able to grow from 15,000 to 1.8 million tons of annual capacity from the start-up period to the present, ranking first in the world, achieving a perfect transformation from catchers to runners.
From $450 million in 2001 to $30 billion in 2016, there will be sustained innovation in the size of the collection. Future companies will focus on polyurethane, expanding to petrochemical and new materials, while implementing an internationalization strategy to create new chemical materials enterprises with global reach and competitiveness.
□mdi is a middle- and medium- and long-term success. Polyurethane series products are the core competitiveness of companies and play an important role in corporate development. 2006 - 2016 PUR series accounts for more than 60%.
Still. New production capacity due to higher technical barriers in the mdi sector is mainly global flagship or new, with no new entrants, creating oligopolistic competition patterns. Currently, there are about 50% of the world’s older devices for more than 20 years, and the potential for force majeure is high, causing global supply.
Global demand for mdi is now about 6 million tons per year, at a rate of about 7 per cent, with an additional 400,000 tons of supply needed to meet demand. After 2017, new capacity has been added each year, but given the increased use of new capacity, it will take some time to supply less than 400,000 tons in real terms.
As a result, the global supply of mdi is in a tight balance, which supports the maintenance of high prices. The rise of the petrochemical plate, which is an important vehicle for the strategic transformation of the company, is to be expected in the future.
The project has been completed and officially installed for four years. Two projects have been completed, icycyanate integration and epoxypropane and acetate (po/ae), with petrochemical plates centred on lpg, forming multiple petrochemical product chains, integrated upstream and downstream industrial chains and significantly improved competitiveness.
□ Fine chemicals and new material plates have thick thin hairs, fine chemicals and new materials are new plates that the company has built up after polyurethane and petrochemical plates, and are new dynamic energy for the company. The company has now built polyethers, Weihua Beijing, new materials, surface materials,
The functional chemicals industry, with 1.77 billion yuan in revenues in the first half of 2017, weighs 7 per cent of total revenues and is still at a low overall level, but will play an important role in corporate performance as the new production capacity of the Pearl Sea Base becomes operational.
In 2013, the company established two new strategic goals: “China's transition to the world of all China, and the world of all China polyurethane to the world of all China.” The Southwest, South China project, and the smoke station were launched.
A number of substantive actions, such as the commissioning of the plant, have laid the foundation for the strategic transformation of the company, and for a second leap. Meanwhile, the internationalization has continued, and companies have established subsidiaries in the United States, Brazil, Hungary, Japan, Korea, India, Turkey, Russia, and Dubai.
With sustained, steady growth and growing self-empowerment, the company is expected to enter the global workforce in the future50. The company is the world’s largest supplier of mdi, with sufficient elasticity, and is expected to benefit from a sustained improvement in its performance as a result of the high profile of the polyurethane sector.
The Division’s performance contribution is expected to continue. At the same time, fine chemicals and new material plates have progressed steadily, the price of excellent mdi has fallen dramatically, and the fossil and new material plates have not developed as expected.
The company established two conversion strategic plans in 2013 (Hanhua to the world and Hwanhua polyurethane to the chemistry of the world) and changed its name the same year to the Manchurian Group, Inc. The company currently has the monocrylate (mdi) series of products at its core and has mdi.
With 1.8 million tons of capacity, it has become the world’s largest supplier of mdi, while developing new patterns of product diversification and downstream integration in petrochemical products, functional materials, and special chemicals. Companies have always been entrusted with the historical mission of developing China’s polyurethane industry and have responded positively to national development.
The call for the environment economy and the creation of a more cost-effective society, the adoption of a strategy for internationalization and the creation of new industries with international influence and competitiveness.
The company actually controls the Manpower Business Group Limited, which is a subsidiary of the Smoking House National Finance Committee. There are 30 subsidiaries under the corporate umbrella, including 18 wholly-owned subsidiaries (indirectly and directly controlled).
The company’s product diversification has led to significant changes in its revenue structure. Since its establishment, the company has been dominated by mdi (which belongs to different cyanide) and its share has remained at a high level of more than 70%. In recent years, in order to achieve a new pattern of product diversification and industrial integration, the company has been involved in petrochemical products, functional materials, and specific chemicals.
In the field, new products are being introduced, with a downward trend in the share of icylate products, from 86 per cent in 2006 to 63 per cent in 2014, while the proportion of products and functional materials is 5 per cent and 4 per cent, respectively. As the company expands to other areas, the collection structure will continue.
The Māori rate of corporate products has improved continuously. After 2010, the overall Māori rate of companies has improved, with 2017q2 mainly due to a significant increase in the price of company mdi products in 2017, with Māori rates for polyurethane operations reaching 52.42%, an increase of 15.98 percentage points over the same period.
There's still room for an increase in the Māori rate of the product mix.
China is already the largest producer of mdi. The average annual compound growth rate of mdi production in 2006-2016 was 27.16 per cent, higher than the global level (7.94 per cent).
Figure 9 2006-2016 Domestic mdi capacity and share
In January-April 2017, the average rate of start-up in domestic enterprises reached 62%, a significant increase compared to the same period in 2016. In 2016, the average rate of start-up in domestic enterprises was lower than the average for the previous three years, mainly because of the high incidence of accidents in domestic enterprises, the accident in Chongqing Basfe in April, and the subsequent resumption of work, with only production loads.
During the inspection of mdi in the Japanese smoke station industrial park, the buffer tank burst and did not resume production until 24 November. At the same time, external factors were added, mainly during the g20 summit, the mdi device in the east of China was passively cut off from production.
According to companies: Wanhua owns 1.8 million tons of mdi production capacity in China, Germany, Japan, South Korea, etc., and is the world’s top producer. Global capacity: Mdi production is currently concentrated in China, the United States, Germany, Japan, South Korea, etc.
The world’s top five major producers are Huanhua (1.8 million tons), Kostov (1.171 million), Bassov (1.171 million), Hensmann (1.6 million) and Tods (730,000), which have a capacity of 7.01 million tons, accounting for 82% of the world’s total production capacity. And, due to the extremely high barriers to the mdi industry, there are few, except for Huanhua.
Stabilizing, or modestly increasing, downstream demand will have an important impact on supply. 2.2 Downstream applications in the field of cryogenic materials, cold chains to break out of the global mdi demand structure are dominated by the construction industry, which accounts for about 50 per cent; refrigerators, response injection models each account for about 50 per cent.
12%, 13%. The domestic demand structure of mdi is dominated by household appliances, with about 18% of building environment protection, and there is a large global gap in application of thermostatic materials. The main reasons are that the process of replacing polystyrene materials with polyurethane materials has accelerated in developed countries through a series of environmental laws.
Polyurethane materials have a significant advantage over other heat-resistance materials because of their good performance, superimposed changes in domestic regulations restricting polyurethane applications, their application in the area of building energy efficiency, or will accelerate.
(c) Polyurethane material strength, water resistance, insulation, heat resistance, cold resistance, etc., are also better. The Ministry of Public Security has stipulated 11 years of heat protection for external walls.
In July and December of November, the State Council issued regulations on the supervision and management of construction works and the State Council Opinion on the enhancement and improvement of fire control work.
The Ministry decided that document 65 would not be implemented, indicating normal use of class b1 and b2 materials. The temperature protection of the exterior walls is an important vehicle for building energy efficiency.
Far less than in developed countries, as countries continue to move towards energy-efficient and green construction, providing strong policy guarantees and a wide market space for the development of warm materials for the wall. Billions to 2 billion square metres, if the exterior area is two and a half times the size of the building, are added each year.
According to data from the Ministry of Housing and Urban and Rural Development, there are currently 40 billion square metres of existing buildings in the country, estimated to be at least 13 billion square metres requiring energy conservation.
Building energy consumption in figure 20 consists of the fact that mdi is currently used mainly in refrigerators, accounting for about 45%, well above the global level of 12% in refrigerators. For 16 years, the domestic refrigerators market has been warming significantly, and production has grown rapidly as a result of the real estate market.
The domestic refrigerator production of 17q1 was 22,64.6 million, an increase of 9.97 per cent over the same period of 16 years. The increase in domestic freezers was positive from January 14 to May 17 years, with a cumulative production of 1,043 million in May 17 years, an increase of 2.25 per cent over the same period.
We judge that domestic applications of mdi in refrigerators, freezers, etc. are saturated and have little potential for future growth, focusing mainly on their applications in the field of cold chain logistics, which consists mainly of refrigerated containers, refrigerated cars, refrigerated trains, cold stores, etc.
The construction of cold-chain facilities requires mdi. As the public standard of living improves and urbanization continues to advance, adding State support to cold-chain logistics, the future cold-chain logistics phase will be fast-growing and will boost demand for mdi.
With a total of about 4 trillion domestic cold-chain logistics in 15 years, a market size of 10 trillion is expected by 2020, an average annual compound growth rate of 20.82 per cent is expected, mainly due to rising rates of domestic urbanization, the public's investment in high-quality foods, the introduction of 500,000 tons of mdi, price wars to capture market shares, and the resulting domestic price of mdi.
Roads have been falling. Since June 2016, domestic plant installations have been subject to successive accidents, and the build-up of the g20 summit has led to the suspension of production in the East China region, which has led to a rise in aggregate mdi prices. Since 2017, domestic mdi graph 252010-20176,000 WMD prices have been on the move.
Future price trends: mdi price volatility is mainly influenced by supply and demand. At the supply end: 899 million tons of global capacity in 2017, with 400,000 tons of new capacity, and additional capacity due to higher technical barriers in the mdi sector, mainly global flagships or new ones, with no new entrants.
At the end of the demand: global demand for mdi is now about 6 million tons per year, or about 7 per cent, and the supply needs to be additional 400,000 tons to meet demand. After 2017, new capacity is added every year, taking into account the use of new capacity.
The rate rises, and it will take some time for real production to be less than 400,000 tons, leading to a tight balance of global mdi supply, which supports the maintenance of high prices. 2.4 Companies are already the world’s largest suppliers of mdi, and their productivity advantages are highlighted.
In its early years, the company had introduced a set of devices from Japan, but owing to the foreign technology blockade, it did not possess the core technology and had only 10,000 tons of capacity. After autonomous research and development and expansion in 1993, the capacity reached 15,000 tons, after continuous expansion, the capacity reached 40,000 tons in 2000, and at that time Bassfe (0.6 million tons), Hensmann (0.6 million tons)
In 2003, after more than a decade of efforts to build production bases in the Ningbo Dynasty Development Area, Ning Boeng’s production base, which has a total capacity of 1.2 million tons, has become an important global production base for mdi.
In 2014, after five years, a new factory was built, with a capacity of 600,000 tons, an increase in the number of tons compared to the old plant, to see if the company would expand its production in the future.
Increases in mdi prices will have a positive impact on corporate performance.3 Industry integration, product diversification and accelerated development of 3.1 smoke plants and integrated development of the Cape Eight Industrial Park
The company ' s old plant, located in the centre of the smoke station city, was launched in late 2009 to promote the integrated development and competitiveness of the company ' s upstream and downstream industrial chain as a result of business development and urban planning contradictions, and after four years of efforts, the new base officially opened in November 2014. The company ' s new base is based on mdi.
The new site is located on a pyrotechnic industrial park with a planned area of 10.6 square kilometres, with a first phase of construction covering approximately 5.4 square kilometres, consisting mainly of the integration of isocyanate and polyoxypropane and acrylate (po/ae).
The company has formed a polyurethane and petrochemical industrial chain. With the production capacity of the pyrotechnic industrial park, production is completed to form the polyurethane chain at the heart of benzene - photogas - mdi, toluene - photogas - tdi; and at the core of lpg, the lpg - isobutane - mtbe, lpg -propene - epoxy - polyethene, lpg - etc.
Several industrial chains, such as acrylic acid, acrylic acid, paint, lpg-propylene, acrylic acid, sap, have developed integrated upstream and downstream industrial chains and improved competitiveness.
In particular, the construction of the petrochemical project (po/ae) has laid the foundation for the integrated development of the company. The Manchuria Chemical (Smoking Station) Petrochemical Company, a fully-owned chemical subsidiary, was established in April 2015 and is primarily responsible for raw materials and petrochemical products needed for the petrochemical chain.
epoxypropane (po) epoxypropane is the third major acrylic derivative after polypropylene, acrylate, and is an important basic organic material, mainly for polyether production, propylene, etc., and is also the fourth-generation detergent non-ion surface activity.
The main raw materials, such as sex agents, oil-field deformants, pesticide emulsion agents, etc., are used in a wide range of applications. Domestic production of epoxy-propane and average annual composite growth rates of 10.09% and 18.76% respectively, with a gap between supply and demand. Some 3.07 million tons of domestic production in 2017, down slightly from 2016.
Domestic production capacity is concentrated mainly in Shandong (167,000 tons), Jiangsu (390,000 tons), Jilin (300,000 tons), and Guangdong (290,000 tons), of which 7 are suppliers with more than 200,000 tons of capacity. A 120,000 tons of epoxy propane is currently under construction and is expected to be completed by the end of 2017.
The current production processes for epoxy-propane are chlorool, co-oxidation, hppo, more than 60% of the country's production capacity is chlorool, and up to 85% of the Shandong region is co-oxidation only. The chlorool process produces large amounts of waste water and sludge and is highly polluting to the environment.
In August of this year, the Central Environmental Inspectorate will conduct environmental inspections in Shandong and Zhejiang provinces, where Shandong is the country's main production area for epoxypropane, with a capacity ratio of 54.4%, and where the production process is dominated by the chlorol method.
Increased prices. The current average price of epoxy propane (East China region) in July 2017 was $10408 per ton, with an increase in the ring ratio of 4.37 per cent and a small increase in prices.
Figure 352015-2017.7 Price trends of epoxypropane Acrylic Acid and ester Acrylic Acrylic Acid is the total ester of acrylic acid and its congeners, predominantly acrylate, acetate, ethyl acetate, acetate
Acrylic acid n-butyl esters, etc., that are self-assembly or congregate with other monomers, are monomers for the manufacture of adhesives, synthetic resins and plastics. They are mainly applied in the areas of building materials, textiles, paints, and household goods.
In 2010-2016, the average annual composite growth rate in domestic Acid production and consumption was 12.37% and 12.12%, respectively, which basically kept up the pace of growth and the balance of production. In recent years, as a result of significant growth in capacity, the average start-up rate for business installations was 40%-50%, with excess capacity.
Production of acrylic acid and water-absorbent resins. 5 large suppliers producing more than 300,000 tons annually in the country, mainly in Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Shandong.
Butyl acetate is the largest single body in acrylic acids and esters. In 2016, the domestic production capacity was 2120,000 tons, a decrease of 3.64 per cent compared to the previous year. Due to rapid growth in capacity, there has been a certain excess capacity in recent years. The prices of acrylate butyl esters fluctuated significantly in enterprises in the first half of 2017, with a “u”-type, with a monthly average of 9090.
Methamphetium/tonne. Acrylic acid is used as a upstream material for acrylic butyl esters, concentrated mainly in Zhejiang, Shandong and Jiangsu, and will be followed by a fourth centralized environmental inspection in Zhejiang and Shandong Provinces, where we judge that some of the production capacity is or will be discontinued and the supply of acrylic acid is tight, supporting the cost of rising prices of acrylate butyres.
The company, which is based on petrochemicals, has formed a complete polyurethane chain, has now established polyethers, new materials, chemicals, surface materials, and five major causes in Beijing.
Technical bottlenecks in the production of icyptate, which is a very advanced technology, have created a technological advantage for the company in the industry. The company divides the five major industries on the basis of the lack of products, especially new materials, functional chemicals, and surface materials.
The company is rich in products, mainly in the areas of automobiles, appliances, paints, apparel, building materials, and, as people improve their quality of life, there is much room for expansion in its applications, with good prospects.
3.4 New products are available in a variety of ways, with more products involved in the company ' s five major industries, where we focus mainly on thermoplastic polyurethane elastomers, highly adsorbed hydrated resins, polycarbonate and fatty icylates.
Thermoplastic polyurethane elastomer (tpu) Thermoplastic polyurethane elastomer is a heatable, solvent-soluble, high-intensity, elastic, oil-resistant, low-temperature high molecule
At present, there are about 380,000 tons of domestic tpu capacity, of which Huohua is the country’s top producer of 80,000 tons, but there is a gap between the performance of products and those of U.S. and U.S. and Taiwan’s companies, with the U.S. and Taiwan’s middle-to-high-end markets occupied by U.S. and U.S. companies.
Tens of thousands of tons, and therefore more than 90 per cent of the capacity of the enterprise to start work, and for the enterprise, the need for maintenance and other contingencies is more difficult and supportive of the increase in prices.
Figure 45 Domestic consumption of tpu from 2008 to 2014 for tpu downstream applications has a 68% share of shoe, glue and tubes applications, and tpu currently accounts for about 40% of the domestic market share of tpu, which is the most widely used area.
It's widely applied to sneakers, hiking shoes, skiing shoes, golf shoes, field shoes, skates, gas mats, gas mattresses on the soles, heel bottoms, shoes, etc. tpu tubes account for about 15% of the domestic tpu market. They are flexible, worn-out, oil-resistant, etc.
The tpu hoses can be used for vehicles, engineering machinery, petrochemical equipment, hydraulic equipment, cable condoms, instrumentation, etc.
tpufilms have a large space and a good outlook. tpufilms account for about 10% of the country’s tpu market. tpufilms have such excellent properties as other plastics and rubbers that are incomparable with strength, resilience, grinding, cold tolerance, environmentally clean, wind-proof, typhoid, ultraviolet resistance, etc. and can be applied in a wide range of industrial and civil fields.
At present, scale applications have been achieved in the areas of footwear, apparel, gas bladders, and applications have yet to be scaled in the areas of medicine, new energy, high iron, and automobile supplies. According to the China Plastics Processing Industry Association, the size and production of tpu membranes in the country from 2011 to 2015
The combined annual growth rate is 15.02% and 18.06% respectively. Due to the good performance of the tpu membrane, the area of application is not high-sorting resins (saps), superbsorbentresin, also known as high-sorting polymers (saps) are:
A water soluble, highly molecular polymer that contains strong hydrologic genes, such as hydroxyl radicals, and has a certain degree of interconnectivity. Compared to water-sorting materials (spongoons, cellulose, etc.), it attracts more water and is water-saveable, and is not vulnerable to loss of water even under heat and pressure, is stable for light, heat, acid, alkali, and is well biodegraded.
Sap is used mainly in hygiene supplies, agriculture, construction, and personal hygiene items, which account for more than 90% of the use. Personal hygiene items include baby diapers, female sanitary towels, adult paper diapers, etc. China has a relatively small number of baby diapers and adult incontinents compared to China, and the city of infant paper diapers.
The field penetration rate was 45%, while the market penetration rate for adult paper diapers was only 8%, but with the implementation of the country’s “two-child” policy and the rapid increase in the country’s ageing population, we judged the market space for the sap to be huge. In 2016, the number of births in the country was 1.78 million, an increase of 7.92% since 2010.
Newly high, mainly in terms of changes in the country's fertility policy, from the 2013 to the 2016 national “one-child” policy, the policy dividend will gradually emerge, creating a growing market for infant and child supplies, while the number of the country's ageing population is increasing, reaching 1,434,300 in 2015, compared to 2006
The proportion of the population ageing in the country will continue to increase, as a result of factors such as the country’s population base and demographic structure, creating a market space for older persons’ supplies.
The company currently owns 30,000 tons of sap capacity and is able to build another 30,000 tons, and is expected to build polycarbonate (pc) polycarbonate (pc) in June 2018 as a class of high molecular polymers containing carbonate esters in the molecular chain, according to
The r-based species are different and can be divided into fat pc, fat-ring pc, aromatic pc. For good performance, they are widely used in building materials, automobiles, medical devices, aerospace, packaging, electronics, etc. Bayer and sabic (formerly ge-plastics) are the world’s two largest suppliers of pc, with capacity.
Domestic production rose from 24,000 tons to 578,000 tons in 2005-2016, consumption from 62.27 million tons to 1,6738,000 tons, and domestic supply and demand gaps, temporarily only through imports.
Mitigation, domestic import of pc increased from 730,000 tons to 1.31 million tons in 2005-2016, with huge demand shortages providing market space for domestic production capacity. Domestic production capacity has grown rapidly, and import substitution space is huge.
The company is a new entry point in the pc area, with an estimated 70,000 tons of production capacity in one instalment in July 2017, and 130,000 tons in two phases in March 2019, with the company being second only to Kostov in the country.
The company has 70,000 tons of capacity, and given that it will take some time for the installation to be completed, we estimate that in the second half of the year, the company pc will produce 15-25 million tons, while pc prices will be high, and this will increase the company's performance.
ICCP can be divided into fat, aromatic, and aromatic.mdi and tdi are the two most important species of aromatic, iCyanate, accounting for about 90% or more of the total. Hdi, ipti, hmdi, of which hdi, ipti, h12mdi are produced.
More than 85% of the global output of aadi is produced, and products are widely applied in aerospace, ships, cars, high iron, aircraft, 3c products, paints, because of their superior properties, such as non-yellow, good weather tolerance and light stability, while Hdi derivatives are divided into trimethyloxyaminomethrin (hdi-tmp), dichloride, hdi, etc.
Tripods, etc., with low sticky, high-storage, light-resistant, heat-resistant and solvent-resistant properties, Hdi (HMDC) should be the most widely used and in greatest demand among fats. Global Hdi production in 2011 was about 190,000 tonnes, with a consumption of about 120,000 tonnes, including domestic elimination.
However, Hdi has long been monopolized by multinational companies, with Coth creating only 30,000 tons of Shanghai devices in the country, and the prices of its products, mainly for export, remain high. The situation has changed in recent years, with Van Hwa entering the area in 2012, with 30,000 tons of capacity and expansion plans.
At present, the global production capacity is about 282,000 tons, and due to the high technical barriers, the capacity is concentrated mainly in Kost, Vencorex. Bayer is the world’s largest supplier of hdi, accounting for more than 85% of the global market.
Dots, used mainly in high-end areas such as hydrourethane dispersible fluids, plastic coatings, and transparent elastomers. By 2005, Bael had only 15,000 tons of capacity, and the supply of products was in short supply, winning in 2005 to build 10,000 tons of capacity in Germany, becoming the second global supplier, using non-light gas.
H12mdi produces about 20-30 million tons of capacity, consumes about 10,000 tons, and the market is completely created and won by Coth. As domestic environmental regulations become more stringent, the environmentally friendly polyurethane slurry, represented by h12mdi, has a tendency to replace solvent polyurethane slurry.
Stretch the chain of the cyanide industry, improve the core competitiveness of enterprises, break the long-term monopoly of foreign companies, and import of ipti (ifluoroketone diocyanate) is mainly used in the areas of car paint, rocket propellants, preservative coatings, photo-stabilized coatings, especially in the area of car paints, where domestic auto-industrial development is very good.
The market for environmentally friendly paints is in great demand.
4.1 Host bc, Accumulating Overseas Management Experiences, January 2011 with 1,263 million euros for the acquisition of 96% of the Hungarian borsodchem stock, became the real controlling agent of bc.
The company bc was founded in 1949 as a Hungarian Maximist and an important supplier in the global polyurethane industry. Bc currently owns 240,000 tons of mdi, 300,000 tons of tdi and 400,000 tons of pvc.
The products of bc are mainly oriented towards the European market, with a small number of products being sold to the Middle East, Africa and Asia, and since bc is mainly engaged in polyurethane products and is in competition with wanhua chemistry, the industry has entrusted the management and operation of wanhua chemistry to borsodchem.
Annual profits, developing bc as the top three firms in the most competitive sector in the emea region by 2020, while entrusting the management of bc with the management of HDW. In 2011, bc suffered a loss of 11.8 million euros, in 2013 the loss fell to 41 million euros, and in the first place, in 2104.
Sub-profits amounting to Euro9.4 million, Bc realized $96 million in 2016 as a result of favourable factors such as the rise in polyurethane prices, which has been the highest since the hosting date.bc’s performance in 2017, as a result of six years of sustained efforts, has been gradually improving.
There is a gradual expansion of the production capacity of bc, a substantial improvement in the quality of the product, a broad recognition of the company ' s corporate culture, and a significant improvement in the management capacity of the organization; in 2017, bc ' s ability to operate, the environment in which it operates changed fundamentally, bc ' s finally entering.
A virtuous development phase, in which companies, in consultation with the majority of shareholders, are to propose solutions to the competition of their peers by 2018. We judge that bc’s asset injection to the company is an approximate event, which is currently only a matter of time and may be completed within a period of one to two years.
In 2013, in order to achieve the transformation of China from Vanhua to the world, the company changed its name to the Vanhua Chemical Group, Inc. On the product side, based on core technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights, it entered petrochemical products such as acrylic acids and esters while developing the whole range of polyurethane products.
Functional materials such as domain, water coatings, and special chemicals. With the launch of the Mandarin House Industrial Park, the All China Chemical Group will become the world's most competitive polyurethane, petrochemical products, functional materials, and special, since the establishment of the “two transformations” development strategy by the company in 2013, a number of construction projects have been launched, in South-West China and South-West China.
The construction of the South Project began, the new smoke station site was operational, and the product was expanded to tpu, sap, etc. The Ministry’s sub-project was completed or under construction. The project’s continued progress helped support the upgrading of the company’s strategic transformation and laid the foundation for the company’s second flight.
The overseas layout is an important vehicle for companies moving from China to the world. The companies are now operating in nine countries in the United States, Brazil, Hungary, Japan, Korea, India, Turkey, Russia, and Dubai.
The company's subsidiaries abroad are mainly sales functions, but only bc is produced for Europe.
Meanwhile, in March, Manhua planned to invest $1.12 billion in chemical plants in Louisiana, United States of America, mainly for the production of mdi, creating a chain of R & D-production-marketing in North America that would help companies increase 4.4 to reach 50 percent of the global workforce in the future.
The top 50 globalists ranked above the annual sales of chemicals from related companies, and published the impurities of the Chemical and Engineering News under the US chemical flag. Basve ranked second in 2017 at $60.7 billion, Tao chemistry at $48.1 billion, and China's petrochemical ranking third; and Colleen ranked third at $5.9 billion.
The top 50 of the global workforce can be divided into three categories: one is diversified into more than 20 companies, such as Bassfe, Tauphi and Dubon, which are rich in products and have a long industrial chain; the other is specialized companies, such as Kenda (farmation), FL (industrial gas), and Tesman (special chemicals), which are working in depth in specific areas;
Third, petrochemical companies such as China ' s petrochemicals, Sabics, Exxon Mobil, etc., whose products are dominated by petrochemicals and are more homogeneous.
In terms of geographical distribution, the world’s powerful chemical industries are concentrated in the United States (12), Japan (8), Germany (6), and South Korea (4). There are currently only two companies in China, China’s petrochemical and tile-plastic (Taiwan), with a marked gap between overall strength and the advanced countries of Europe and America.
In recent years, chemical industries, represented by all-China chemistry and constant shares, have emerged, including Man-hwa chemistry, which uses mdi as its entry point, is now the world's leading producer, and other related products are growing rapidly.
The growing strength, the sustained size of the harvest, and the prospect of future entry into the 50-strong global industry as a domestic chemical industry are not rated – because of the lack of access to the necessary information, or because companies face significant uncertainties about what they can’t predict, or for other reasons, make it impossible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.