In 2016, the global oligopoly advantage of the global mdi oligarchy, the successful operation of the petrochemical pdh device, was created by the international industry, which has a strong influence on the world's industry.
The two pillars of the polyurethane and petrochemical series form the basis for the integration of mdi, petrochemical resources, deep-deep downstream products, the development of high-value-added products, and the growth of multiple jobs.
To 39.2%, compared to 27.0% in the first quarter of 16 years, an increase of 12 percentage points. We value the company’s high-growth, high-profit nature, given its low valuation, and its investment advice, which sustains the purchase.
With a capacity of 1.8 million tons per year, 24.5% of total global capacity, 50% of the country’s internal capacity, and the country’s internal and external industry. Most of the devices have been in operation for at least 10 years, with a rate of about 70%. In the first quarter of 2017, revenues from the polyurethane series reached $6.08 billion, an estimated increase over the same period.
More than 1 times the price of polyurethane is currently high, the rate of start-up is stable, the rate of polyurethane series is high, the three-quarter target for polyurethane series is expected to rise in the petrochemical chain, based on new technologies, and the development of cutting-edge products based on lpg.
By mid-June, the pdh device was fully operational and marked as petrochemical in combination.
In the same year, revenues from petrochemical products amounted to $8.26 billion, representing 27.7 per cent of the company ' s revenues, and from petrochemical products in the first quarter of 2017, accounting for $3.316 billion, or 30.12 per cent of the company ' s revenues.
• Integration of mdi, petrochemical resources, creation of six major sectors: company integration of mdi, petrochemical chain, expansion of downstream high-value-added products, construction of six major industries, nurturing of the company's future performance
To grow up, the company will be more resilient to market risks. The six major industries, tpu, sap, pc, the new material industry, the special meth industry, the water resin as the main product, the manufacturing industry, the modified mdi-owned Beijing industry, and the polyetheric industry and the addi business.
The Ministry of Industry, calculated to account for the planned investment of the six major industries, estimated the total operating income at about $21 billion, or about 40% of the estimated 2019 revenue, bringing the company a new growth in performance. 394.78%, the company’s main product mdi is still high, and the company’s mdi device is running well.
As a result, I, mdi, petrochemicals are the main source of revenue for the company's former cigarette station, Polyurethane Co. Ltd., which was founded on 20 December 1998 and 5 January 2001.
In 2013, the company realized that “China's transformation into the world's megawatts, the development of the year, has become the world's leading technology, the most productive and competitive supplier of mdi, with a world-class scale, advanced crafts, and a complete c3/c4 petrochemical chain, which is complete and well-packaged.
Di, the world’s second largest producer of tpu, the country’s largest producer of pud, and the country’s largest producer of polyetheric polyols and polyurethane systems.
Data sources: company announcements, corporate coupons, the company chain, and corporate structures.
Created as the first core competition and continued to optimize the structure of the industry, the business was extended to polyurethane (PUR) complete series of polyurethanes, acrylic acids and esters, materials and solutions such as surface materials, tpu, sap, pc, and the four main domains of functional chemicals such as organic ammonium.
Business revenues and growth rates for Māori enterprises have remained at about 20 per cent or more since the company was listed, except for one year, and figure 4 shows business incomes (billions of dollars), growth rates, Māori rate changes in recent years.
Source: Corporate Bulletins, Group Benefit Certificates, Polyurethane Series, petrochemical Series Business Income Division, 2016, 16,417 million yuan, $8,261 million, or 55.05 per cent and 27.70 per cent of total business income, or 82.75 per cent.
The polyurethane series, the petrochemical series are the two main sources of income from the company’s main business.
1. The company's mainstream product mdi, which is designed for the construction of tdi industries, produces benzene from pure benzene material through nitrochemicals, and the collusive reaction of benzidine and formaldehyde in acidic conditions is a fully mature technical circuit in the country's external midi.
It's called black material, polyether polyol, commonly called white material, which generates polyurethane bubbles, mainly for refrigerators and outer walls, as well as polymers such as glues, wheels, etc., and pure mdi, which is used mainly for the synthesis of tangents, ammonia, soles, etc. The company has also developed 300,000 tons of benzene based on the technical and biological advantages of mdi.
The diocyanate (tdi) device is expected to be completed in the second half of 2018. The tdi and polyether polyols generate polyurethane bubbles, mainly for sofa cushions, mattresses, etc.
The company's mdi accounts for 24% of the world's total data: the company's technology and production have been small in size.
In terms of energy, the world has about 7.35 million tons of global mdi, 86.5 per cent of the top five international chemicals giants in 2016, such as Mandarin Chemistry and Bassov, with 24.5 per cent of them worldwide, while in 2016 the country has about 3.63 million tons of domestic production and 50 per cent of all global chemistry. Cr5>70 per cent of the industry has a clear oligopoly niche.
3 - Demand stability, mdi ' s high Māori ratio, MSD 's gradual release from the country ' s mdi ' s power supply rate has been rising since 2008, 82% in 2012, and Mdi 's supply and demand balance in the country.
In 2015, it fell to 65 per cent, with a domestic consumption rate of 1.95 million tons, with a consumption rate of 1.85 million tons and a higher supply of mdi market. The rise in demand for wall heating materials and domestic refrigerators, influenced by the climate in the premises, led to a significant increase in the consumption of the mdi table to 3.150,000 tons in 2016, with a 67 per cent start-up rate of 2.43 million tons, again creating an imbalance between supply and demand.
Until 2016, the company’s business revenues were largely derived from mdi’s business revenues, influenced by market demand and demand, and the country’s excess mdi’s downside in 2015, causing a negative increase in corporate business revenues.
The supply and demand relationship has been smooth, with the company petrochemical devices surging, with the company running up 54.42 per cent of the same growth, with polyurethane growing 12.91 per cent of the same increase. Meanwhile, the company ' s Māori ratio for pyrecyanate has remained above 35 per cent in recent years, the company ' s Māori ratio for pneumatic blending has also remained above 30 per cent, and the company ' s profitability is high.
In the first half of 2017, the problem with the mdi device in the Asia-Pacific region arose, first of all, when the U.S.-H.U.H. device entered the facility early in May, and the date was later than the scheduled date, and it was followed up by a low-consumption charge, and second, when Tung Cao stopped his car and then returned.
The low-cost charge runs, and the quality of the product has yet to be raised; third, the start-up of Bassov in early April, and the raw material support problem remains. To solve the problem, 400,000 tons of raw materials for the device are mainly imported and are currently less than 50% of the negative. Moreover, 250,000 tons of the device in Baasf, Korea, has been stopped due to lack of synthetic gas, and 200,000 tons of the device in the Lake Trinity (Kosovo) are operating because of the raw material problem.
Low-negative equipment in the Netherlands and abroad does not have enough fuel to stop. Accidental parking and inspection of domestic and external devices have affected the industry’s start-up rate, which currently stands at less than 65% in the market mdi. The reason for the problem is that the mdi device is more frequent than 50% more than 20 years old devices around the world, with a higher probability of force majeure, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, more than 50% more than 20 years old devices worldwide.
In November 2014, the company completed the last mdi extension of its recent plan, with 600,000 tons per year of official investment in the tobacco industry, and shut down 200,000 tons per year of mdi devices in the old factory.
Ton/year energy devices are mostly not more than 10 years old. Using liquid photogasification mdi biotech, which uses benzidine and formaldehyde as feedstocks, formaldehyde as a base for coal-based methanol, sufficient supply, the cost of which is about 70% of the total production, the company self-sufficiency rate is about 65%, and self-sufficiency of the feedstock is a cost to mdi when guaranteed.
Source: Mergers, 5, mdi price increases impact on company eps. The company has 1.8 million tons of mdi, but only 74.5% of Ningbo 1.2 million shares.
On the basis of the foregoing, the price per ton of mdi rose by $1,000 per ton, or 0.266 more for the company's pss.
Data source: Merger 6 and mdi prices are high, year-round growth in business income is significant, with Mdi gradually released in 2013 with the country ' s mdi, mdi supply and demand changing from balance to supply to demand, mdi
Prices also fell, and by October 2015 the price of polymer mdi was once down to $9100 per ton left right. Prices rebounded, and prices fell again to around $9,200 per ton in the country’s market of polymer mdi early in 2016.
In mid-March 2017, the price of polymer mdi, pure mdi, was once 27,000 tons per ton, 35,000 tons per ton. The price of mdi fell in April/April, the price of raw materials fell, the price of polymer mdi was tense, and the price of pure mdi was cut off in the low season.
At the end of the year, the Chinese Eastern region ' s aggregate price of mdi is currently $24,200 per ton, up 106.84 per cent from $11,700 per ton in the same period last year, 22,600 yuan per ton in pure mdi, 41.25 per cent from $16,000 per ton in the same period last year, while revenues from the polyurethane series reached $6.08 billion in the first quarter of 2017, while revenues from the polyurethane series were $8.14 billion in the first quarter of 2016.
The summated mdi accounts for 60 to 70% of the overall energy and the pure mdi accounts for 30 to 40% of the overall energy. The mdi device is working well, the main polymer is expensive, and it is expected that corporate revenues will remain high in the second quarter and add up to mdi prices, which we consider to be impressive in 2017.
The project is based mainly on a large base of resources, such as coal, salt, benzene, benzene and lpg, and is based on pdh.
The technology (propane dehydrate acrylic) allows for the development of a personalized chain at depth, with a uniquely superior, high value-added refined product on the basis of the acrylic acid, butyl alcohol, epoxypropanes, and other acetylene-grade derivatives.
260,000 tons of oxypropane, 820,000 tons of mtbe, and 360,000 tons of acetylate. At the end of March 2016, the Volcanochemical petrochemical device was officially launched, mainly with propylene, epoxypropane, mtbe, acrylate, etc.
82.60 billion yuan, or 14.2 per cent, or 27.7 per cent of total business income, and 3,316 million yuan, or 30.12 per cent of total business income, were generated in the first quarter of 2017. The petrochemical project became the second pillar of the company. In the meantime, the two major chains were complemented, the synergies worked, and the price increases were added up to the 17th quarter.
39.2 per cent, compared to 27.0 per cent in the first quarter of 16 years, an increase of 12 percentage points.
The core technology of the company's petrochemical chain is 750,000 tons/year propane dehydrate apropylene, or pdh/propane dehydrate apropylene. The main industrial, chemical, biological and global acrylic art is the pdh.
The technological innovations in the country’s foliage oils and foliage have broken the traditional oil supply pattern. The price of crude oil was set at US$/barrells in May 2014. The pdh cost advantage at high oil prices is not clear, but the pdh cost is almost equal to the cost of cracking with sulfur oil at low oil prices, but it is a clear cost advantage compared to mto and cto.
In 2016, 14.9 per cent of the country ' s pdh-cto, 9.7 per cent, cto, 28.0 per cent, catalyzed fission, 32.4 per cent of the price of oil, mto, for example, has built up projects that are affordable to oil prices in United States dollars/barrells, and new projects that cost 75 to 85 dollars/barrets.
The technological innovation, the expansion of the lpg supply, low transport costs, and the green environment conservation advantage have been beneficial to the development of pdh technology. 3, epoxypropanes are profitable. epoxypropanes are mainly used in the production of low-lying polyether polyols, acryl diols, ethanol ethers and ipropanamines, among them.
Polyether polyols account for about 70% of the total consumption of epoxypropanes. As a result of the landscape of the premises, and as an upstream raw material for building heat protection materials, our country is experiencing an annual increase in the amount of epoxypropane energy and ecoxypropanes.
Since the beginning of 2016, epoxy-propane has been more profitable and the start-up rate has risen, at around 72.7%. The current methods of epoxy-propane production in the country are chlorool, co-oxidation and direct oxidation, with chlorool accounting for more than 60% of the total energy.
Soapification produces epoxypropanes, which are refined and produced with epoxypropanes. The period involves hydrogen perturbation in strong chloride and in the manufacturing reaction, which causes the waste water to be huge, the chlorol method produces 500,000-800,000 tons of waste water per ton, the waste water to be treated at $3-5 per ton, and if all the chlorols are treated in strict accordance with the requirements, the monotonol is treated with waste water.
Under the most stringent environmental laws in history, the non-environmentally friendly model accelerates exit, providing a space for post-Japanese co-oxidation, direct oxidation. The Volvo Chemical Tobacco Plant Project uses co-oxidation technology, a method that corresponds to direct oxidation.
The technology is more mature, the raw materials are less demanding, the product is highly qualified, and the equipment is stable. In addition, the device provides its own steam, with a public expense of about $400 per product, with market cost advantages.
Acrylic acid is one of the main products downstream of acrylic, which is an important organic material and a synthetic resin monomer. Acrylic acid is further converted to acrylic acid and acrylic acid, where acrylic acid polymers form high-molecular emulsion fluids for use in coatings, glues, welding emulsions, plastic aids, etc., while acupunctures are used in sap and water dehydration agents.
Sap, water paints and glues are the three main uses of acrylic acid and acrylic acid downstream, and the sap products are being replaced by traditional hardenings during the assembly process, thanks to the release of the country's second-born policy and the ageing of the population at a rate of about 10 to 15 per cent, and the rapid growth of the fast-forward industry has led to rapid growth in the demand for wrapping tape.
Sticky, predicting overall demand growth of about 10-12%, and finally, water paint, with the country's environment being tight, people's demand for paint safety has increased, with a projected medium-term demand increase of about 7%, and a rising demand for downstream products, which is a potential force for increasing demand in post-acrylic acid and acrylic esters.
The Acid industry has been in a position to balance supply and demand in the country for the period 2009 - 2011. Since 2011, the Acid industry has entered the Acid industry, which has expanded rapidly, causing an imbalance in the supply and demand of Acid in the country, which has dropped from 92% in 2011 to 2016.
Seventy-nine per cent of the year, between 2014 and 2016, the industry went into a low period, followed by the gradual withdrawal from the market of devices such as Xingyong Shuu, Shandong Hunshin, Manchuria and Gilling Pulsification due to technical, personnel and debt problems; the parking of devices such as Shanghai Huamong, Jiang Su Sammu, etc. due to relocation, accidents, etc.; and the negative impact of devices such as Daimingbo, Yongko Basov, Shandong Kaitai, China Pulsified State, etc.
Low. In 2016, the total business portfolio reached 27.15 million tons, with an effective capacity of about 2.1 million tons, and the current domestic demand for acrylic acid is about 2.15 million tons, and the overall supply and demand of the industry is evenly balanced.
In September 2016, 320,000 tons of acrylic acid and 180,000 tons of acrylic ester stopped, as in September 2016, with 100,000 tons of acrylic acid and 80,000 tons of acrylic ester stopped in the state of Jiang Sonamtungwan as a result of an accident; and on 19 October, following the explosion at the Ludwig factory in Bassov, Germany, Basv shut down two steam disassembly devices.
Related production facilities in Europe have blocked the supply of most of the plant's equipment. The plant has a range of 31,390,000 tons of acrylic acid and acrylic esters, which account for 1/4 and 1/2 of the European region's total energy, and the European region's supply of acrylic acid is scarce after the explosion, and Basv's transfer from China has led to an emergency supply of domestic supplies.
Fluid, propane leaks triggered a fire that led to a long stop of 120,000 tons of acrylic acids per 120,000 tons of acrylic esters, the closure of a small and medium-sized enterprise in Diego, and a rebound in international oil prices, resulting in an excess of double the price of acrylic acids and butyl esters in the east of China, which was once high at $11,500 per ton, and a rebound in 2017 after the fall of the price of acrylic acids and butyl esters, which is now at $8,600 per ton.
The average price in 2016 is still more profitable.
mtbe is the ideal combination for producing oxygen-containing gasoline with uncarried high octane. mtbe is also an important chemical material, such as high-purity heterogeneity by fission, and high-purity mtbe can be used in the production of medicaments. Between 2011 and 2016, the country will be able to increase its mtbe bells gradually, with an estimated mtbe of 18.5 million tons as of October 2016.
The total consumption of the oil-adjusted mtbe, amounting to about 11 million tons, accounted for about 95 per cent of the total consumption of the mtbe table in 2015, which dropped to 49 per cent of the start-up rate, increased gasoline and consumption in the country in 2016, and increased the demand for the mtbe-based high-octanane component of the gas quality, which contributed to an increase in the start-up rate to 60 per cent.
The initial production of mtbe devices is low, on the other hand due to inadequate supply of upstream materials for gas-butylene, and the large-scale fertiliser is self-sufficient as a mixture of c4.
It has reached about 6.4 million tons, with a complement of 3.42 million tons of mtbe, and a material processing capacity of 2.81 million tons of isobutane dehydrate and mixed alkylene dehydrate, with a complement of mtbe devices capable of reaching about 3.37 million tons. And the Po/mtbe Federation is currently investing only in a smoke station, with an annual capacity of about 750,000 tons.
On the first day of the month, the national standards for gasoline and diesel fuel were fully implemented, compared to the national standards for gasoline, which are more environmentally friendly, and the national standards for sulphur require that the sulphur content of gasoline be reduced from 50 ppm to 10 ppm, using high-quality, low-sulphur-containing gasoline additives. The mtbes are 98% pure, and the sulphur content is less than 1 ppm, far below 10 ppm.
The standard requires a octane value of 115 at the same time, which is a highly octane-value gasoline additive, although somewhat toxic, which is not yet widely banned and is commonly used for gasoline additives. Due to the limits on oxygen in gasoline standards, the mtbe standard for full application of car gasoline, diesel v standards will stimulate the mtbe demand by increasing the company ' s 750,000 capacity.
mtbe, which will benefit from an upgrade in the quality of the oil produced in the future. At $5,300 per ton, mtbe can bring the company $2.8 billion, or about 5% of the company ' s projected business revenue in 2019.
The company, based on pure benzene, coal, lpg, etc., and based on petrochemical pdh projects, combines its technical skills with six points of growth in its field of sophistication, with the new material industry headed by tpu, sap, pc, the ad hoc drug industry, the surface materials industry of hydro resin as the main product, and the modified mdi sector of Mandarin Beijing.
Data source: company announcements, group money coupons, new material department.
(1) The new PUR ammunition rubber tpu Department of Materials Industries works as a leading supplier of tpu-wide and other new materials. tpu name is PUR-based rubber, which can be divided into polyesters tpu, polyether type tpu and polybutadiene by software setup
tpu. Tpu is a type of bullet that is plasticised with heat, soluble with soluble solvents, and has a largely market-type molecule, a polyurethane molecular chain that has many physical connections between the hydrogen key, which strengthens its form and gives it many good performances, such as high modulus, high intensity, good grinding, chemical resistance, hydrolysis, high temperature resistance.
These good properties make tpu widely used in footwear, electricity, clothing, automobiles, medical hygiene, tubes, film and film. Tpu and pvc materials are in conflict with the shoe, film, medical equipment, electric cable fields. Pvc materials contain a certain amount of plasticizers, solidants, etc., and are also enriched with chlorine elements, which are easy to overheating.
One million tons of it, of which 10,000 tons/year, was designed to be a national leader in the market in the company’s series, accounting for one third of the market in the country, and third in the world’s ranking, and with the constant release of tpu, the company could become the world’s leading tpu manufacturer. The price of the tpu film in 2015 was about $40,000/ton, and the tpu product would be $2.5 billion for the company, accounting for the company.
In 2019, about 5% of business income was projected.
The sap is a new business built on the advantages of the piped industrial chain, with 30,000 tons in 2016 and 140,000 tons in 2016. The sap is used mainly for baby paper diapers/pants, female sanitary products, adult incontinent products, second-child policy, population ageing, increased penetration of sap supplies, and high demand for sap supplies.
According to data released by the Chinese Institute of Social Sciences, the number of births in 2016 was 1.81 million more than in 2015, an increase of 11.54%. The number of births in our country is estimated to be 48 million, with 60 million estimated for 16-18 years, and the number of births in 2016 will continue to be huge.
In addition, in 2014, we had an estimated 47% per cent of baby paper diaper permeation, well below 90% in Japan, 96% in the United States, and an average of 3.2 per cent per day in our country, compared to 4.9 per cent in Japan and 5.6 per cent in the United States. According to the Chinese Institute of Industrial Studies, the country’s 65-year-olds and olders are growing each year, and their first birth is due to the establishment of the country.
The peaks of childbearing are the main reason for the accelerated ageing of the wave. Adult incontinent products are lower in terms of permeability and average daily use, compared to infant paper diapers/pants, which are only 3% per day and about 2 per day. In terms of female health supplies, the trend is from traditional to thin, ultra thin, sap is extremely water-absorbent.
Chinese Women ' s Health Scarves in 2014, according to China ' s Paperbooks, consumes about 55,000 tons of sap, with a single sap content of about 0.8g. The average market has 0.4g per sap, and the ultra thin type has more than 6 g per sap, which is calculated to match social development with the needs of the sap.
In the case of polycarbonate pc pc, based on the vanity of photochemical technology, the development of high-end pc products that are different from those of other companies in the country.
The 70000 tons will have been completed and are currently being adjusted for construction by the end of 2018 for the 130,000 tons expected in the second. Pc is one of the five major engineering plastics, which should be used mainly in the areas of cars, electrons, optical devices, wrappings, etc., the lowest self-saturation rate in China.
By the end of 2016, domestic production would have been about 900,000 tons, yielding 580,000 tons, domestic consumption was about 1.72 million tons, imported about 132 million tons to supplement domestic markets, and at the same time about 200,000 tons for export, with a high dependence of 80%.
With an estimated 120,000 tons, a further 500,000 tons are projected to be released between 2017 and 2018, and there has been a decline in the dependence on imports in 2015, with limited new talent, and the country is still in a situation of less supply than demand.
Pc-based biochemistry is mainly photochemical and molten ester exchange, with a global range of photogasics accounting for about 75% of the total. Photochemicals directly use photogas as a single unit, with two phenols aerobics as a composite pc, whereas molten ester exchange is based on carbonated diphenyls and biphenolsa and obtained pc through the conversion process of molten esters.
pc for 0.89 units of biphenola, which is the main factor influencing the price of pc products. Currently, it is in excess of 70% of the country ' s available capacity, and the price of cruise crude oil is low, leading to a lower price of biphenola. pc for pc and biphenola, and the profitability of pc for pc products is increasing.
The company's revenue from pc is about $2 billion, accounting for about 3.7 per cent of the company's projected business income in 2019.The Department of Chemicals and Surface Materials works on the development and production of environmentally protective surface materials, gradually forming aquatic trees, including aqueous polyurethane (pud), aqueous acrylic acids (pa), modified polyurethanes (pua), hydrolightization (uv),
Aquatic dichotomy (2k), hydrogenic assistors (heur and Hase) in the six major development technology platforms, covering the area of art, construction of paints, industrial paints, adhesives, fabric coatings, synthetics, personal care, etc. Aquatic resin is the main raw material for synthetic paint, accounting for about 60% of the cost of paint, and about 0.35 per ton of paint is required.
Toad resin. The country needs 3-4 million tons of water coatings, less than 10 per cent per cent, well below 50-60 per cent per year, and the industry is growing by about 20 per cent per year. The impact of the “most severe” environmental protection laws since 2015 has been driven by the huge growth of environmentally protected water, and the demand for water resins will increase further with the expansion of the penetration rate. Companies plan to smoke.
Tian, Ningbo, Chuhai, Chengdu built up 300,000 tons of water-coated resin per year at a price of about $20,000 per ton, converted into an estimated operating income of around $4 billion, accounting for the company's projected operating income in 2019.
The special icycyanate industry, i.e., the fatty icycyanate (adi), is the crown jewel of the icycyanate domain, the main products of which are hdi, h12mdi, and ipti, which account for more than 85% of the hdi, h12mdi, and ipti products worldwide. In 2015, the market capacity at Hdi was about 200,000 to 300,000 tons, at a price of about 4-50,000 tons per ton, and the market at Hdi was cut off.
High-level companies like Bayer, Nanyo, Vencorex, etc. have largely cut off more than 80% of the world’s shares, and domestic suppliers have made their share of foreign-sourced suppliers bells, clairvoyants, etc. Hdi markets are highly fragmented, difficult to buy, and are purely market-based, and foreign suppliers need to enter their client directories before buying them.
The company’s Hdi, Hdi diaphragm, and Hdi conglomerates of 70,000 tons, 5,000 tons, and 50,000 tons will boost Hdi’s profitability significantly. The global market of Hmdi has been completely destroyed by Baylor, winning, and the Dergus race, with spending around 10,000 tons in 16 years.
The former company owns 10,000 tons of hmdi devices per year. The ipti manufacturer is primarily for Bayer and Winner, followed by Vencorex and Bassov, and our country's products are basically all imported, with an annual intake of more than 10,000 tons, increasing from year to year.
Ipdi currently has a capacity of about 15,000 tons, at a price of about 150,000 yuan per ton. Hdi and Ipdi, converted to an estimated business income of about $5.5 billion, or about 10% of the company’s projected business income in 2019.
The Polyether Industries Department, which combines the two main platforms of the Fulbright Polyether Device and the Hullongweg Pulmonite Pulse Pulse Ether Device, is committed to building the Chinese Polyether Industry's leading military industry and promoting the company's influence in the global market. The Design of the Fulbright Polyether Device is 180,000 tons/year.
At the three production bases in Foshan, the smoke station, Ningbo have 210,000 tons/year of monoether, and 200,000 tons/year of condensed PBDEs. The price of single PBDEs is about $10,000/ton, the price of consumable ethers is about 12,000/ton, and the estimated revenue from the polyether is around $3.5 billion, accounting for about 6.5% of the company's projected business income in 2019.
The main items are modified mdi, monopolyether and condensed polyether, which cover the printing, wrapping, etc.
Cars, track traffic, installation protection, home bubbles, paints, sports, etc. The company currently has a modified mdi product of about 90,000 tons/year, and the modified mdi is developed in depth on the foundation of the company’s owner mdi, producing high-addition value, high-end customized plastics.
In 2019, it was estimated to be about 3 per cent of the company's operating income.
The company has a variety of highly technical and highly skilled specialty manufacturers. The company has a variety of mda products, such as mda-100/85/750405, mdba, h12mda, and ipta, which produce about 10,000 tons. The company's specialty products have excellent physicochemical properties and are widely used for insulation, double-horse resin, paint, polyamide, polyurethane, etc.
The local market is now relatively small, producing fewer producers, buying more prices, and the first special set of ammonium devices in the Asia-Pacific region was launched on April 28, 2016 in Nanjing. The company's hmda device was launched in 2015.
The facility was launched in 2016 at a national price of 40,000-60 thousand tons, with a Māori rate of more than 40%. With the continued development of high-end epoxy fields such as wind, power, and ornamentals, the industry is expected to grow rapidly in the next five years. The projected revenue from the ad hoc stimulant industry is about $400 million, or about 0.7% of the company’s projected business income in 2019.
Forty percent of annual earnings bring new growth points for the company. Fifth, profit projections, first-time ratings, normal, projected to remain high for the second and third quarters, and to grow significantly throughout the year.
As a result of the accidental parking of the chemical device, if it could affect the production capacity of the company, it could result in a major exposure to crude oil, a high price wave of lpg, and a large price wave of lpg, which would affect the price of the company's products, which could result in a significant increase in the company's raw materials.
The cost is too high to lead to a loss in the value of the product produced.
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificate (HKC) Ltd., and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. and by the Group Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently verified.
The company may use or make any action based on the information or research recommended in this report before it is received by the Council. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss arising from the use of this report. The data and comments on this report may or may not change before being notified.
This report is not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificates mentioned in the report.