I'm not going to be able to do anything about it.
♪ Chena exchangaticker reauters ♪
♪ Bloomberg shhe chemicals ♪
acrownjewelininechemicals;vitusleung johnsonwan
I'm not the only one in the world who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's gonna be the one who's got to be the one who's the one who's got to be the one who's got to be the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one
24% marketshare.itssharepricehasa 72% correlation mdispreads, andasspreadshaverisen 165%inthelest sharepriceupsideaswebelievemdiupclewillcontainueunt_2020on
I'm sorry, slownewcapacitationsglobally. Wealsoseenewproductrump-up and Potentialassessingskeyearningsdrivers.weexpectwhc'sepsto strongsubly-demandssupportsmdiupcule
Whenthenewasabigcapacitationsource.ontheotherhand,weexpectdectoredhealthy 5.6%cagrduringthesameperiod,drivenbyconstructionmaterials,whochacaccountfor52%ofusageglobally.
To 94% by 2020.
89% by 2020. Securely, withthenew300ktpatdilineexpedin2018,we projectwhc'spuvolumesouldina.7%cagrover-2016-19e. entryh-endchemicalsmarket
Of course, it's just that I don't know if I've ever had a chance to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, registera 33% cagrin 2016-19eandbecomasecondgrorowthdriver.
Asstatedbywhc, isiscliquetoacquireborsodchem(bc)bysep-2018 From itparentcompany, wahuaindustrialgroup(wig).bcholdsamdi/tdi/pvc capacitationof240k/250k/400ktpainhungary.webelievathisasetjection
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Montthforwardev/evitda, at 12% discountrymdipeersanda 36% Webelieveethepremiumtoglobalpeersis justifiedasisroeaveraged 38% in 2017-18e, whichisata 137%premiumovermdipeers.keyrisks:fluctuations
Noilandchemic projects, lower-than-expected gdpgrovethand unexpectedcorporateactionswithdemaning valuation.moredetailpp.3-4. deutschebankag/hongkong
WW:600309.ss Bloomberg: 600309ch
The company works, sales, r&d.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Globalasof2016.moreover, the companystarted six newbusinessgroups, including intermediatechemics projects, Polycarbonate(pc), tpu, water-basedpaints,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Inventivethesis outook themdiindustryhasveryhightechnighticlicacapitalbarriersand, hereitisa
Highly centralatedmarket.in2016, globaldicapacistamountedto 7.4mntpa, with thophophofiveproducerscontrollingc.77%offtotalcapacitity.accordingtoihs, whchanksno.1amonglobalmdiproducerswithatotal
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
94% Cagrin 2016-2020e, unpacingcapabilityXpansionwith acagrof 3.5%.
); and 2) lackofcapacitations inasia; theonlylargenewcapacitationworkdbesadarachemical, with 400ktpa capacitinthemidleastin2018e.weexpectwhc'smdispreadtoexpand
Tormb15,928/tonnein2019e, a19%cagrover2016-19e. source: ihs.deutschebank:note:*-borsodchemownedby newmatureproducebecomingnewgrovetheginine
We've been working for a long time, and we've been working for a long time, and we've been working for a long time, and we've been working for a long time, and we've been working for a long time.
A total of 33% cagrover 2016-19e. amongthenewproducts, tpu, polycarbonate (pc), andwater-basedpaintarethreomostpromisingproducts.
The 5-year entireof126%. With strongcashflowahead, whwouldbecomemoralmost
Netcash (withoutnewinvestment) by 2019e.also, webeliaveghc'shealthy balancesheetshoullableittoacquirewanhuaindustrialgroup's(wig)stakeinborsodchem(bc), whichhasamdi/tdi/pvcacapacityof240k/250k/
400k-tpainhungary.thiswouldstrengthenwhc'sglobalpresence, whatever value value isanuncertarianty.besides, whcplanstobuilda1 mntpaethylene crackkercapacitinshandong, whichwillfurthersverticalinkation.
Figure3: Globalmdioperingrate wederivewhc'stargetpriceofmb42.0/sharebyusing 8.0xev/ebitda basedonthegordongrowthmodel, atan18%downtoitshistoralal
Highherthanits+1 sdofhistoriccalmeanp/b. source: deutschebankestimats;note: effectiveutilizationrate keyrisksinclude 1)slower-than-expecteddemandgrovethintheconsumer
Market, whichisthemainssourceofstreamstreamworldformdi, tpu, and pc; 2) below-than-expectedergypricery; 3) below-than-expected ranpupintpacity; and 4) annyunexpectedcorporateactionswith
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
i) mdiupcyclelekelytocontinueuntil2020e;ii) new upsidedueohohhermdi
I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Discouncof 19% and 12%, reciprocatingly, toglobaldipeers, Butits 2017-18e p/bof3.4xisatan 86% premiumoverglobaldipeers. inourview, whc deservestotracateataprempemtomensgivenitssuberiorroe (137%higher higher)
Wediveourtargeetpriceusing thegordongrowthmodel.ourtargetprice rmb42.0/shareisbasedon8.0xev/ebitda, using 2017-18efcftoits
I don't know, ebitda.thispliesan 18% disaccounttoitshistoricalaverageev/ebitdaof better than inthepreciousmdiupcyglehenwhc'sffffffstreamwasina deficit.ourev/ebitda-basedtpisata 7% disunttoothedcfmodel
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inventivelyhasalreadypassed; 2) taddressesthepetrochemical businesscyclical; and3)isin-lineofourregionalpetrochemiccompany valuationmethodology.wecroscheckourvaluewit_ithadconfbelow.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Note: bloombergconsensusestimatsfornon-rated (nr)companies mdi (methylenediphenyldiisocyanate) Isanaromodisocyanate.mdireacts with polyolsinthegufacturingofpolystatethane.mdiscategoriseedaspure
I'm sorry, mdianpolymericdi. ..puremdiismainlyusetoproducetheslurrofsynthecleother, sole resin, and spandex.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Rubberbulsotherstrenghofplastic with wiideapplicationsineconomic activitiesofactivitiesofmultipleindustriesincludingchimicals, aerospace, automobile, medicaltreament, etc.
I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Highly centralizedmarket.in 2016, globalmpicacityamountedto maretbothsomelyand 7.4mntpa, with thistopfiveproducerscontrolling 77%offtoralcapability.whc
Globally topsthelistoflobaldiproducerswithtotalcapacitat 1.8mntpa, followed byfasf, nevestro, huntsman, anddowwithashareof 21%, 19%, 13%, 9%,
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of this, but we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it.
It's like, "Capacity.ontdi, thechinalandscapeischanging, with whcenteringthetdi market; itsnew300ktpapacityischescheledtostartin 2018, whichwill instantlymakeitamarkeatleaderwitha 24% Shareinchinchina.
Since: ihs, deutschebank; note: *-borsodchenedbywanhua'sparentcompanity source: ihs, deutschebank; note: *-ownbybasf, huntsman, sgpc, shanghaihuayi, and shanghaichlor-sodachemical
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
The pusegment (mdi+tdi) awarded 55%ofwhc'srevenuein 2016.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that, but you're going to be able to do it, because you're not going to be able to do it, and you're not going to be able to do it.
Weexpectchinamdidemantoregistera 7.3% caprover 2016 - 2020, ariseof 1.9mntpa.chinamdidemanismainlydrivenby refrigerators, constructionmaterials, and slurryandsolresin, which
FormolaforabullMarket: stepdydemandrowth+slowingcapacityadditions+feedstockshopdrop
{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} 4.8% caprbetween 2010and 2016.morethan 50% oftoralmdicapacityislocatedinasia, followed byourupiusc.30%of totalcapability.however, Weseeglobalcapabilityandsessionslowdowndowntoa
3.5 per cent cagrin 2016-20esterach 8.2 mntpabytheendof 2020e.chinamdi capacityexpandedrapidlyin 2011-16witha 16 per cent capacitated capacityaddictioncargwill
c. 3.mntpain 2016, whichexceededtheglobalcapabilitycagrofc.5%. slowto3.5%in 2016-2020e weforeclastother 1.06mtpaofewcapacitytocomeonstreambetween
2017and202020eglobly.also, jilinconnellmdiplanstolloutother 800ktpao ffmdicacapacity(c.10%) in 2018.however, consideringseveralenvironmentalissues,thenewcapacityishiglylikelykito
I don't know what you're talking about, bedeferred.
Now, now, more than 52 per cent of the total number of countries that have made it possible to do so is 13 per cent more than 13 per cent of the total number of countries that have made it possible to do so.
For 45%, 22.5%, and 18%, recallly. Chinaapparentmdidemandhas remainedlargelytableatc.1.9mntsince2013.accordingtochina's 13th requestofotherapidcapacitity
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it again. You're going to have to do it again.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
utilisation Graduallyrecoverto 89% by 2020room 83%in2016. Marginrecovering despiteotherativelytabledownstreamstreamed, mdiprices, espediallyin
I'm sorry, mdipricesandmarginare asiamarkets, hadrodroedsignificalantlysinceendof 2012til1h2016, surgingonsupply-demand
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, too, mdipricesarerysenivetocrudeoilpricees, anilineisoneof the mainrawmatics.
I'm sorry, whsharepriceh by 1) decreasedmdiimportsfromjapanandkorea, wheremdiproduction tomdimargin
15% by 0.72r-square thepasttrailing12months; and 2) stabilizedcrudeoilpriceandchemical
I don't know what you're talking about.
We're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it.
Theydipricewith 0.53r-squareefficency, whilethe newhsharepricehasa negativecolelationwiththepricesofbenzene/brentoil, whharreitskeyfeedstocks, at-0.29/-0.38r-squareversion, repectively.
Webelieveemdistreidesdeterminedmorebyitsownsupplyanddemand otherwisecost-pushfactorsbecauseitsorrelationwithbenzeneandbrentoil pricesonly-0.18/-0.32r-squarefficiencywhileithas0.86r-square
And 0.32r-squareofficencycolrelations with benzeneandbruntprices.newgrovesthengines source: companydata, deutschebankestemates
I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do anything about it, but we're not going to be able to do anything about it.
New programs producedthesesixnewbusinionsunits, specialty polylyurethane-tpu, polycarbonate (pc), and water-basedpaintarethreemostpromising.tpuisfaisingbooming
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
- 33% cagrbetween 2016 and 2019e.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, apacwiththewidestproducance.utofthec.500ktttalcapacitof china, whc'sannualtpuproductioncapacitis90ktpa (18%)andoffers high-endtpuinthemarket.
tpuisnopopularmaticfountaincasesofmobilieclectacid devices.since 2014, tpuhasbecomeadominantmalmalrealservingasa wristbandfortheboomingmarketofundellitaldigitabledeviceswich
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, mackerade randballpacracysat 4.7mntpa, anourestimats.currently, chirpcdemanhighlyreliesonports. whc'snewpclineisttedtocoumonstreamin2018e,anditwill
Instantlybecomethecond-largest (17%ofchinacapacitity) pcproducerin china. The company spentabout 1.46bnon the 200ktpacacapacityafterit raisedrm2.5bnfromaprivateplaceplacementinjanuary2017.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to have to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this for you, but I'm going to do it for you, and you're going to have to do it for me, and you're going to have to do it for me.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
After-basedpauldfitfromstrichterionprotectionlaws. WEECT anothervenueofmainbinbusessing mluddynenewchemical produceecacagrof 21%in-2016-19e.asmdionlyaccountsfor41.7%
You know, of the growthrate, weestimathestwillworkwoodchemical programorrebusinschemementsincludingfundamental systems and specialchemics.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The 13thlife-yearplan (2016 - water-basedpaintwillbenet 2020) pethrochemicalandchemicalsdevelopmentguidancementofotestathat
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, but...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry, whcimproveditsbaltedshetsiasiasuanceof 158mnewsharestorepay debtandsetupnewbusessin 2016.whoc'snetgearingsoouldcutto 49% in 2017fefrom118%in2016.allofwhc'sdebtisinbankbankbankasafterrepaying
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, likelytoacquirewig'sstakeinbbyseptemmember 2018 whichhasa mdi/tdi/pvcacapacityof240kpta/250ktpa/400ktpainhungary.besides the benefitofhavinginstantcapacitacitexpansion, webreevethepandasset
Injection shouldstregtenwhc'sglobalpresentoughvalisan uncertificatty.nowadays, mdi/tdi/pvconstructionssuallycostabout rmb1.9bn/rmb2.1bn/rmb0.4bfora100ktpaofcapability.theoverall.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
17% of ebittowhc, assumingbcachevesa 75%utilisationwitthrosmargins of mdi/tdisimilartothothosofwhc, ampvcmarginofusd 240/tonneandits
Wehavenotactoredany Potentialacquitioninourmodel.
I don't know, evenwithallprojects 1 mntpaethylenecapacitacitinshondong,totilisesextectednetcashballance realised, whc'snetgearing
Weestimatewhcwillreachclosectonetschby 2019andthepotential levelwouldstillbender 50% 1mtpaethylene projectwillcostaboutoutusd4bn (rmb32bnin2019ebased)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Toc.46% by theendof2019.ence, wesee<50%
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
It's just that, by the way, it's not the right thing to do, but it's the right thing to do, and it's the right thing to do, and it's the right thing to do, and it's the right thing to do.
I don't know, sir, but I'm not sure what you're going to do, but I'm sure it's not a good idea, but it's a good idea.
I'm sorry, mdipricehasmorelife accordingtoourscenarionalismsis, if thismdipriceinsby 15% and the thanbenzenepriceonwhc's
15% by: 41% to shareprice rmb59.ontheotherhand, ifthemdipricegoesdownby 15%andthe
15% of ourstargetpricewouldfall 41% totmb24.9. thesescenariosaremorefavabletotheupsidecomparison. consensus
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, but I'm just...
Since: bloombergfinancelp, deutschebank valuevarts whcistradingat 3.4xforwardp/b, higherthan+1sdofthehistorialaverage
I mean, it's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going, you, you know, you, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I're, you, you know, you know, you know, you, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, the., the., the.
Averageof9.7xor 3% below-1sdofthehistoricalaverageof6.4x.moreover, historicaveragep/e. source: companydata, bloombergfinancelp, deutschebankestemates
So we're going to have to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, it's 38%, 12%, and 14% in 2017e, 2018e, duetorgehermdicensesand.
Now, new programs compassedthemetoughesttime, and newchimicalscomethothestage weexpectmdipricesandstreamstrechten, trivenbyenergy
I'm sorry, mdigpm should consinueto pricerecovery, slowingglobalewcapacitationandtabledemand increaseto 56%in2017e
41% in 2016. funactionalmerialandspecialchemicalsarethesecondgroveth engine.assuch,weestimatsetworks'combinerevenuewillmore together 2016-2019.weexpectpetrochemiccalprojectstounatflam
Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa: Quesa
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got the money, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it.
I've been working on it for two years, with strongcashflowahead, and we've been working for 2% of the world.
We're going to have to do something about it. We're going to do something about it. We're going to do something about it. We're going to do something about it. We're going to do something about it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I mean, it's not like I'm gonna have to do it, but I'm gonna do it.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, wh'capexsouldremainatc.rm3.3-3.6bn, whichisthemaintenance dividendpayoutissettetto capex, geventhecompanydoesnoothanygreenfieldinvestmentmed
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I'm just, you know, I'm just, I'm just, like, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
They're not going to do anything about it. They're not going to do anything about it. They're not going to do anything about it. They're not going to do anything about it.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it.
This is the first time I've ever heard of you, but I've never seen you before.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
"discussionslook" and "legal" tabs. investorsaresorongculturemanagementfortheformationforbeforeinvesting.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Sobjectissersofsecuritiesofthesisuer.inaddition, theundersignedleadanalyst(s) hasnotandwillnotreve anycompensationforprovidingsocialcompansionorviewreport.vitusleung Historicrecommitteesandtargateprice: wahuachemical (600309.s)
(Asof 8/10/2017) equityrating equityratingdispersionandbanking_BAR_nationships
), werecommendhyat
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so...
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"Deutschebank") ...though theinformationhereisbelievedtobereliableandsbeenobtainedbrompublicsours believedtobereliable, deutschebankmakesnorepreformatsacuracyorcompletences.hyperlinkstothird-partywebsitesinthisreportoredforderconvenionly.deutschebankneotherothersethershecontentnor
I don't know, isponsiblefortheaccuracyorsecuritycontrolsofthesewebsites.ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschenconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofcustytisdiscussedinthis report, orisincludedortiscuscussedinanothercommunition (oralorwritten)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, because I'm in the middle of something, because I'm in the middle of something, because I'm in the middle of something, because I'm in the middle of something, because I'm in the middle of something.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Inherentlyimpresociandaproductoftheanalyst'sjudgment.thefinancialinstrumentsdiscussedinthesportmaynot besutableforallinvestorsandinvestorsmustmaketheirownformedinvendmentdelicos.pricesandavailabiliityof pricef préfluctuationsanotherfactors.ifififinanciancialinstrumentisdeninarimentinacurrendinacurrentincentanmentotherinvesor's
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
The deutschebankresearchdepartmentisindeependentofotherbusessreasdivisionsofthebanks.detailsregarding ourorganizationalarangariansandinformationbarrieswehavetoprevevevendandandavidconffectsofinterestwestofinterest_respecect
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
, changesintaxpolicies, currence conversation, claircumculation, clairvoyantation, regulation (including chrangesinsetssoldienttypesofinvestors), and
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, either. It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Forallinvestors. Priortobuyingorselinganoptionsmustview the "charateristicsandrissksofsorfstandardized websiteasecontatativesourceboutbankrepresentiveforforaboutthiimportportandoction: (i) participantsinforeignexchhangatransactionsmayincurresarisarisingfromseveralfacts, inclutingthefollowing:
It's not like I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, but I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Ifthisisnotthecase, orifyouareanioranortherretalivevementthis information directly
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but it's not what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I's what I'm talking about, it's what I's what I'm talking about, it's what I's about.
I don't know, sipc. analystslotedoutsideoftheunied statestateresalemproyyyyynon-usaffiliatesthalrenotsubject tofinra regulations.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's in the middle of it, but you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(sebi)astockbroker.researchanalystsiresecuritynumberishinhin0001741.deiplmayvereveveveveveveveveved aministivewarnings Fromthesebiforbreachesofofindianregulations.japan:approvedand/ordistortedbydeutchesecuritiesinc.(dsi).registrynumber-registedasafincial.).
Instrumentersdealerbytheheadoftekantolocolofintainmentbureau (kinsho)no.117.memberofassociations: jsda, typeifinncialinstrumentsFIrsassociationand the finianfuturesassociationofjapan.commmissionsandrisks involvedinstocktransactions-forstocktransactions, wechargescommsessionsandconsumptiontasby
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it.
"Moody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentedin thisreportrenotregistered redtradingagencesinjapanlesjapanor" nippon"ispeculativedeignatedinthe nameofity.reportsonjapaneseledcompaniesnotwittenbyanalysofsiarwarerittenbydeutschebank"
The group'sanalysts with the coveragecompaniespeciedbydsi.someoftheforignsciritiesstatidonthisreportare notdisclosedacording to thefinancialinstrumentsandchangelaofofjapan.targetpricesetbydeutschebank's equityanalystsarrebasedona12-monthforcasteriod.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Africa: singapore: bydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeutschecuritiesasasialimited, singaporebranch (oneraffles quays #18-00southowersingapore048583, +65642380001), whichmaybecontractedrespectofanymatters
Arisingfrom, orinconnectionwith, thisreport. whethisisissessudorpromulgaedinsaporetoapersonwho isnotanaccreditedinvestor, expertinistorinstruinstitutioninvestor, asdefininedintheapplicablesaporelawand returns, the yacceptlegalrespensiabilitytosuchpersonsformententits.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, professional. informations/instrumentstrucutities/instrumentsträpossonlyand isnottobeconstruedasacommationtotradeinsuchsecuritys/instruments.deutschecritiesasasialimited, tiipei
I'm sorry, gentlemen.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Qatar: deutschebankingtheqatarfintilcióncentre (registeredno.00032) isregulatedbytheqatarfinalcentre regulatoriality.deutschebankag-qfbranchnyundertakethefinacilesacistitsactivistichatfall in the scopeofopoteofofcralicense.principalplacementofbusinessessestheqfusef:qatarinancialcentre, power,
Westbay, level5, pobox 14928, doha, qatar.thisformation hasbeendistributed bydeutschebankag.related federalproductsorservicesreonlyabletobusinesscustomers, asdefinedbytheqatarfinalcentre regularatoriathority.
Russia:thisformation, internationalandopinionssubmittedhereinarenotinthecontentof, anddonotconstrutute, anyappraisalevarealactionrequiringalidenseotherussifidesfederation. kingdomofsaudiarabia: deutschecuriceaudialarallccompany, (registerno.07073-37) Isgulabyedthe
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
riyadh, saudi untedarabemirates: deutschebankaginthedubaiinternationalfinalcentre (registeredno.00045)isregulated
By the dubainancialeservicesauthority.deutschebankag-difcbranchmayundertake thefinancialservices activisthatfall related to the scopeofotsexistingdfsalicesense.principalplaceofbusinessinthedifc:dubai internationalfinanciancentre, thegatevillage, building5, pobox504902, dubai,u.a.thisformationhasbeen
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, referredtointhisreportandconsidertheepdsbeformakinganydecisionabouthehertoacquiretheproduct.
Disclosing information and
Australiaandnewzealand: this isresearchchisintendonlyfor "wholesaleclients" in the meaningoftheaustralian coorporationsactivandnewzealandfinanciardvisorsactively.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, my friend, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
♪ Headofamericasresearch grobalheadofeconomics research ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Headofema headofapac globalheaf
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Globalheadofquantitative headofresearch-germany and qisresearch
Internationalations deutschebankag deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2-11-1 nagatacho fluialehongkong 60329 frankfurtammamain
It's an important part of the world's history, and it's an important part of the world's history.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna to be the guy
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.