Revenue from investment in dragon copper continues to rise, and the expansion of capacity remains in the future - Tibetan Mining (000408.sz) incident evaluation report; Tibetan Mining released its semi-annual report for 2025: achieved by the company in the first half of 2025.
The revenue from the operations of potassium lithium has declined, mainly as a result of lower sales prices 48.52 per cent of the total annual production target achieved in the first half of the year; sales amounted to 53.59 million and 10.89 per cent, with quarterly sales recovering from the previous quarter.
In terms of sales prices and costs, the operating income of H1 potassium chloride in 2025 was $1,399 million, or +24.60 per cent, compared to +24.60 per cent; the average unit selling price (including taxes) was $2845 per ton, compared with the major potassium fertilizer contract signed in the first half of the year and the joint reduction in production by overseas manufacturers.
In terms of prices and costs, the operating income of lithium carbonate (h1 in 2025) is $267 million.
The second phase of the project will be in the second half of the year.
Growth: 2024-08-14, 2025 h1, 9.28 million tons of copper produced in the dragon copper industry, +14.57 per cent of the same year, and the return on investment in copper from copper sales, 2025h1, $409 million more than the same year.
The giant bronze industry continues to expand its copper concentrates. The second phase of the dragon copper mining selection has resulted in project approval, environmental clearance, and the use of forest (grain) land.
After the end of the year, more than 100 million tons of ores will be selected in a total of one or two postnatal periods, 300 to 350,000 tons of mineral copper per year, and the dragon copper industry will become a national selection program.
The project is progressing well, with the near-term increase in potassium lithium production capacity: the Lao Potassium Salt Mining Project, which includes Lao Development and Lao Setany, respectively.
In charge of the exploration and exploitation of potassium salt mines in Bayo and Setani counties in Vientiane. Lao Development Bank has obtained a " Resource Stock Certificate " , which has been approved for a total of 984 million tons of potassium chloride, accompanied by 16 million tons of bromine mineral resources, and the RDR has adopted the first round of technical evaluations.
Review. Lao Setani's Exploration Report has now been reviewed and is awaiting the completion of a subsurface survey of the Black North Potassium Salt Mines, the Potassium Salt Mines of Alpine Mountain and Little Liang Mountain - Deep Halo Water of the Great Wind Mountain Eastern Part of the Potassium Salt Mines of the Great Wave Beach.
The first phase of deep halogenation detailed field drilling and a report of the results is being prepared; the company ' s survey report is being prepared for the potassium salt mining area of the alkalistone mountain; and the mountain-winding mining area has now completed the preparation of a detailed report on deep halogenated water.
A project to identify lithium chloride reserves in liquid halo-water mines as tons of lithium carbonate, with an initial planned annual yield of 50,000 tons of lithium carbonate.
The company plans to start the construction of the first phase of the project in the third quarter of 2025, which will be initially calculated.
Thirty-nine per cent, while the company indirectly holds the State ' s share in mining through the Tibetan Youth Fund 21.09 per cent. The State has mining rights in the two salt lakes of Tibet ' s Alilongwood faults and Tka, totalling 3.9 million tons of lithium carbonate, 28 million tons of potassium chloride, etc.
Tons of lithium salt, including 30,000 tons of industrial-grade lithium hydroxide and 30,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate projects; and the production capacity of the lake by mistake in dragonwood is planned to produce 70,000 tons of lithium salt per year.
In addition to the construction of 10,000 tons of production capacity and products during the year, the Ministry of Energy has accelerated the implementation of the self-building line project for the closed tea-carat and dragonwood salt lakes, and has synchronized the implementation of the distribution units to follow up on the construction of the respective power supply units.
Given the advantages of the company’s cost of lithium lifting from salt lakes, lithium salt from salt lakes and potassium fertilizer can be released in the future. The dragon copper mine continues to expand production capacity, and the copper hub begins to move up.
1) Global production of lithium salt lakes and lithium mines is overexpected; 2) Lithium battery demand is not as high as expected: 3) Company salt lakes and potassium mining is not progressing as expected: 4) Dragon copper industry is not as profitable as expected; 5) potassium chloride prices are highly volatile; 6) related documentation procedures are in place
Unexpected; (7) demand for potassium fertilizer is not as high as expected;  coloured, chemical group presentation, corporate strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
Dufei: Carbon neutral group member, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, responsible for color research and new materials.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.