30 October 2025, Sunss@cfsc.com.cn
The impact of the fall in revenue is on the spread of costs, the contractual liability is relatively stable, the sales/management cost rate increases by 9 pct/1 pct to the cost, respectively, and the effect of the fall in revenue has been reduced in scale, and, in aggregate, the profit margin
The mid-autumn feast supports the stability of the Taa group, the continuation of the strategy in the province and beyond, the end of the product, the collection of the 2025q3 company ' s tra+/tea/a/b group of products separately, and the restoration of the scenes has led to medium- and high-end alcohol being smooth, light, isolated and more resilient.
At the end, the Intra-Provincial/Extra-Provincial Revenues of the 2025q3 Corporation received $1,701/ $176 million, respectively, in collaboration with the promotion of intensive farming in the townships, the external focus of national branding and nurturing, the initiation of adjustments, and the optimization of the quality of business.
To build a “four-tier market” system to enhance market opening capacity. 3, "The End of the World" (603369): "Provincial tillage, up-cultivation, "out-and-out-of-the-town" focus.
At the moment, the white wine industry is under pressure, and the company’s market trends are turning the marketing pace around, making short-term advances to the market, following up on the layout of the surrounding core market, improving its health after short-term performance, and focusing on the pace of nationalization.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, growth below expectations, growth of the v series below expectations, and out-of-country expansion below expectations.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, eight years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
It reflects my research. I've never been, never been, nor will I be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.