q3 High rate of non-net profit growth and declining performance factors Events: companies issued three quarterly reports for 2020, yielding $147,384 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 47.55 per cent over the previous three quarters, a net profit to the mother of $2,425 million, an increase of 36.98 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The power is still strong, q3 is growing at a high rate of non-net profit. The company’s firm has grown strongly in the last three quarters, with heavy card-engine rates recovering somewhat, light-cargo engines stable in the second place in the industry, and large cylinder engines constantly gaining the approval of consumers at home and abroad.
The heat efficiency outpaced 50% of the high-power diesel engines, reflecting the company’s technological strength, and is expected to move to the market in due course. Thanks to the rapid growth of domestic operations and the resumption of production operations abroad in the last three quarters, overseas operations are expected to be profitable and the overall drag on the company has been reduced.
The total market value/flow ratio (millions of yuan) has recovered and the impact of precious metals has continued to diminish.
19.33% of the ring ratio recovered by almost two percentage points, mainly as a result of the recovery of the overseas ring ratio in the third quarter
Intelligent Logistics at Risk - 2020/08/30 R & D optimized and precious metals in new machines introduced in the second and third quarters of the year are already being used for fuelwood (000338).
Continued decline, thereby reducing the impact of price volatility on profits. Motivation: heavy-carved-headed resilience, slightly overperformance - 2019/10/30
It's still the same, and it's expected to recover in the next year overseas.
The year q1 is its own heavy-carat industry, with a low base for the epidemic this year, and the industry is expected to continue to grow in the first quarter of next year. The company’s overseas operations have been affected by the epidemic since the second quarter of this year.
The impact of the epidemic is expected to be phased out over the next year, and the low base is expected to bring about recovery next year.
Key operations such as boxes, bridges and other industries such as smart logistics, hydraulic systems, balanced development, significant improvements in the three quarters, the continued high profile of the heavy-card industry, and the gradual recovery of overseas workers are conducive to a sustained recovery in corporate profitability, and we expect to return to the mother-to-child net profit share in 2020/2011
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report