The advantage of wealth management continues to emerge, and the investment business has improved significantly.
1.03 Increases in revenue from brokering and net interest earnings and significant improvements in investment income
Performance showed that the net return to a parent in the three-quarters quarter only increased by 2.11 per cent.2 Markets were active in boosting brokering revenues, risk preference was positive in terms of the positive increase in net interest income on boosters 03 markets were significantly more active, and corporate wealth management leads continued to emerge.
The Department achieved a net revenue of $4,848 million from brokering fees, representing an increase of 50.69 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the three-quarters broker has implemented a “two-wheel-drive” strategy for wealth management and institutional services to enhance digitalization with technological empowerment.
Market risks have recovered, companies have expanded their operations, and net revenue on interest has improved. In the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved a net interest income of $1,804 million, an increase of 8.97 per cent over the previous quarter and a positive increase over the first half of the year (Yoy-19.39 per cent); interest income of $7,739 million was realized, an increase of 20.9 per cent over the same period; and interest expenditure of $5,936 million was spent.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company realized its own investment business income (return on investment plus fair value change gains/losses on fair value) by the end of the third quarter.
(4) Investment performance, sound management business development and benefits from reforms in the registration system, the increase in the pace of bond issuance in a low-interest-rate environment and the impact of a low base, a significant increase in the size of the company ' s equity issue in the first three quarters, and a good performance of the company ' s investment portfolio in the first three quarters.
Net revenue from operating fees increased by 19.84 percentage points from the first half of the year by 2,746 million yuan, compared with an increase of 128.72 per cent in the previous quarter; of this amount, q3 realized operating income from operating banks by $1,484 million in the first three quarters of the year, compared with an increase of 2,531 million yuan in the first quarter of 2020.
15.65 per cent; revenue from managed operations amounted to $954 million, an increase of 21.01 per cent from the previous year and a rise of 30.92 per cent from the ring, which is expected to benefit from the increased demand for managed products in a context of three-quarters progress towards good governance.The firmness of companies in pursuing the “two-wheel-drive” strategy of wealth management and institutional services is reflected in technology empowerment.
As capital-market fundamentals deepen their reforms, companies will continue to benefit from the release of the reform dividend. We look forward to the future of the company, and maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account company fundamentals and equity elasticities.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.