Merchant ships (601872.sh) Bi-nuclear pipelines, oil-spersing cycle resonance, oil-spersing combined-nuclear pipelines. Merchant ships are predominantly based on gas and gas energy and dry bulk transport.
Shipping companies in the industry, including international crude oil transport, dry bulk transport, ng transport, container transport, and internal and external trade roll-over transport. Core major oil shipments, bulking operations, have contributed most of the revenue and gross profits on a year-to-year basis; the company's oil fleet is centred on a tanker vlcc, and the bulk fleet is a diverse fleet dominated by capesize.
The outlook for the crude oil oil transport market: supply is limited, demand doubles in demand, and the market climate is expected to continue to rise. Demand: At the end of the day, we expect a sustained increase in global crude oil production to support sea transport growth, along with changes in the pattern of oil-producing countries.
s13505240001 stretching, promising to boost demand; supply end: limited shipyard capacity is squeezed by a large number of container ship orders, and we expect a very limited delivery of crude oil tankers in 2024-25. Vlcc Basics are three major points for crude oil tankers.
The most optimistic type of ship. Zhang Fong Chul, the bulk market outlook: both supply and demand are weak, environmentally clean or will drive the market to recover. On the demand side: we expect four.
Large cargo species are growing at a steady and steady rate; supply ends: new ship deliveries are relatively stable, potential ship scrapping increases are expected to increase at a limited rate of supply for each type of ship; since the cii rating began in 2023, the overall poor cii performance of the bulk ship has resulted in a forced compliance rate for non-compliant ships, while the cii requirements have led us to anticipate a year-on-year tightening of the ship.
Real transport supply is expected to continue to decline as a result of slow down or retrofitting. Investment proposals include: commercial ships to be used as pipelines for oil-dispersing dual-nuclear shipping; oil to the upper stage; and fuel-saving reduction policies less than expected; fluctuations in shipping markets; economic sanctions and export controls; and risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
Merchant ships are the vanguards of oil-dispersed dual-nuclear shipping, and with the continued upturning of crude oil oil and the sustained recovery of the market for oil-dispersed oil, it is expected that the oil-dispersed resonance, based on the industry’s latest supply-demand relationship and the company’s continuing good oil transport operations, will lead to a sustained rise in corporate performance.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating was given. Merchant ships were the lead in oil-dispersing dual-nuclear shipping.
We believe that the company’s current stock prices do not yet fully reflect the expected performance this year, and that future performance is growing and the value of its configuration is high. The dividends are not as high as expected; the Fed is not as low as expected; China’s economic growth is not as high as expected; and environmental protection and energy-saving mitigation policies are not yet fully reflected.
Unexpected; volatility of shipping markets; economic sanctions and export controls; risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
Crude oil transport, dry bulk transport, ng transport, container transport, internal and external trade transport. Most of the revenue and gross profits from the core main oil and bulk operations are made from year to year; the company ' s oil tanker fleet is centred on the tanker Vlcc, and the bulk fleet is a diversified fleet dominated by capesize.
In 2021-23, the company fleet evolved and its profits were maintained at around $3.6 to $5 billion in the face of a succession of tankers.
On the evening of 21 June 2024, Antón Holdings and Merchant Shipping announced a plan to split the flag of merchant ships and to split the subsidiary China/External Container Transport Co. Ltd. and Guangzhou Merchant Rolling Transport Co. Ltd., as well as through Antón Holdings.
Reorganization is expected to result in commercial ships becoming controlling shareholders in the Antón Holdings. 2. Oil transport continues, bulk is expected to recover, two-cycle resonance, oil cycle recycling: the shipping industry is a highly cyclical industry of beta and seasonally significant.
Prices are dominated by the supply-and-demand relationship of the market, and the trend in shipping prices is characterized by a cyclical pattern owing to increased and reduced capacity in the shipping market due to the long life cycle of ship construction and withdrawal.
Outlook for the crude oil oil oil transport market: supply is limited, demand is increasing, and the market climate is expected to continue to rise. On the demand side: We expect a sustained increase in global crude oil production in the future, which will support the growth of maritime transport, while changing patterns in oil-producing countries are expected to boost oil transport demand; on the supply side: limited ship capacity is squeezed by a large number of container ship orders, and we expect crude oil oil oil.
Wheel delivery was very limited in 2024-25. Of this, the vlcc base was the most optimistic among the three main sub-ships.f Represents forecast values,e Represents estimate of short-term market prospects for vlcc: Oec+June continued to forecast a return of q3 prices to the low season and non-opec increases
In June 2024, OEC+ announced a sustained reduction and expected to begin a phase-out of voluntary production in q4, which is expected to be about 35.74 million barrels per day, with an increase of 0.27 million barrels per day over the q2 production ring. Meanwhile, an increase in production in the non-opec region, led by the United States, is expected to be released in q4, with an expected q4 output.
41.56 million barrels per day, or 0.91 million barrels per day more than the q2 production ring. Two core routes with a total of 1.18 million barrels per day of increased crude oil supply are expected to benefit from Vlcc, the US Gulf/Middle East-Far East, with an increase in marginal demand equivalent to the 2024 Vlcc bulk market outlook: supply and demand are weak, and environmental clean-up is expected to boost the market ' s recovery.
Large cargo species are growing at a steady and steady rate; supply ends: new ship deliveries are relatively stable, potential ship scrapping increases are expected to increase at a limited rate of supply for each type of ship; the poor annual performance of bulk carriers as a whole, starting in 2023, results in non-compliance with ship compliance rates, while the demand of cii is increasing year by year, allowing us to expect actual supply to decline.
Quick or modified to a continuous decrease. Following the implementation of figure 11:cii, the speed of the bulk vessel was significantly reduced at the same time as the bdi index. Figure 12: The number of non-compliant bulk carriers is higher with a rating of cii, and is projected to be higher
By the year 2026, the fleet cii rating further declined Prospective and investment proposals: Merchant shipships are the lead in the bi-nuclear spread of oil, and as crude oil continues to flow upwards and markets recover continuously due to environmental clean-up, it is expected that the industrial upturn will drive companies to continue their performance.
Corporate dividends are not as high as expected: corporate dividends are not as high as they are expected to affect the company’s stock prices. 2) Federal Reserve interest cuts are not as high as they are expected: if the Fed falls less than they are expected, they may lead to the market of dispersed shipments affected by financial factors.
China’s economic growth is not as good as expected: macroeconomics are an important influence on shipping demand. If growth does not, it can lead to weak demand, among other things. 4) Environmental protection and energy-saving reduction policies are not as good as expected: weak regulations in the short term and emission reduction policies may not be able to match supply as expected
5) Volatility in shipping markets: Volatility in shipping markets may affect company performance and profitability. 6) Economic sanctions and export controls: Export controls and economic sanctions may reduce trade volumes and orders. 7) Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: Fluctuations in renminbi exchange rates are not only one of the factors influencing shipping markets, but also affect the use of renminbi.
All points accurately reflect my personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers. I have been diligent in my professional attitude, professional inquisitorial research, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, without any part of my remuneration having been and will not be directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or opinions in this report.