Twenty-three years of q1 profit and year-on-year profit increases, looking forward to the firm’s long-term stability. The company published a quarterly report in 2023, and in 2023 q1 achieved a gross operating income of $2.17 billion, which was a solid foundation for this year’s goal, with 23 years of performance.
\triangleright used to be an electric research assistant for the new industry $12.6 billion, a 20% increase over the same period.
The company’s revenue grew at a rate of 25% above the year-round target set by the company, and we look forward to this year’s increase in spending. The company continues to open markets and research and develop new products, working together for its traditional and emerging business, and the company will grow more dynamic in the future.
In the well-established industry, we believe that 30% of the purchase orders, 20% of the income growth will require a sector of Beta trillion, with a significant increase in the hub of 514 billion over the 13th of July, with the electricity network investing in the growth cycle, and the electricity and equipment sector expected to benefit.
Overseas epc is expected to drive company performance growth; 2. Power transmission equipment is expected to penetrate the off-grid, overseas market; 3. New products such as secondary equipment, transformers, etc. in transmission equipment are expected to be released, soft; products such as direct transmission, medium voltage switches, etc. are expected to be produced in the future; 4. Storage, super-container, automobiles, etc.
New and emerging business layouts like electronics.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of 9 Town Street, Beijing, Beijing. Risk factors: underinvestment in the electricity grid, price fluctuations in raw materials, increased competition in the market, etc.
Assistant Investment Manager, Ministry of Finance, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the new energy vehicle industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July for research in the photovoltaic industry, a former assistant in research in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, and Finance, University of Nakayama.
B.A. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research on new electrical systems and electrical equipment. Chen Jie, team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for lithium Sun Sun, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, 2022
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.