Quarterly review 2023: performance against expectations, continuation of long-term resilience, Research Assistant Chelter Chul Dynasty
Keywords: #performance meets expectations #second curve #export orientation q1 crop + 25%, masculinity + 44%, deduction + 28%, performance is in line with market forecasts #second curve #export orientation
Rates, so the low base effect partly leads to a rise in net interest rates. On the sub-section, the delivery structure has had an impact on the level of the Māori rate as the market outside the network (new energy sources, side uses, etc.) competes more intensively than within the network. Moreover, the cost of transportation, raw materials, etc., has returned to normal levels throughout the year.
The same ratio +64% is due to the company’s increased pre-investment for new operations such as storage, super capacitors, middle-voltage switches, high-voltage holsters, etc. The network’s income is robust, the network’s bidding is increasing, orders are expected to increase, and the offline + new business continues to function.
1) On the side of the grid, the investment in grid infrastructure in January-February 23 was equal to +2.2%, and we expect a steady growth in in-line operations.
Ideas Electric (002028) 2022: Reported: Performance in line with expectations, Extranet + Sea (New Energy + Industrial End + Overseas), New Energy Sector, 23 Years of Windlight Loader, Pulling Sides of Power
The demand for complementary gis, svg, etc. is rising, and the company’s svg product is rapidly changing, and the profit margin is expected to increase steadily. On the overseas market, with the country’s strong upswings in 2023, the rate of overseas growth is expected to outpace the country’s domestic growth rate, while, as shipping costs continue to decline, profitability is expected to recover.
3) New business, super-clerical area, with companies completing control of carbon alloys in March 23 23 23; Quick Performance Report rating: slightly higher than expected, main storage area, household product series rolled out and passed through the UK, Spain, Australia, etc.
The pressure period has passed, new business stars have been certified, large reserves are expected to be officially released in 23h1 and, with the exception of the rest of the grid, fast growth is expected in 23 years.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the net return profit for 2023-2025, respectively.