Year 2022: Performance meets expectations, out-of-grid + sea-driven contract speed up, research assistant Chee Cheol Dung
Keywords: #performance in line with expectations #second curve#export orientation  performance in 2022 in line with market expectations and target income/orders for business in 2023 + 2% for the year of return net profit of 1.22 billion yuan. q4 returns 3,535 million yuan, compared to the year of the year.
Billions (excluding taxes), same year +16%, the company overcomes the impact of the Shanghai epidemic at the beginning of the year, surpassing the initial target of $11.9 billion for the year. Of this amount, overseas orders of $2.99 billion, or +33%, are calculated that the growth of the bill exceeds the annual target and that the overall performance is in line with market expectations.
• The network is well-connected, and the new business is expected to contribute to the second growth curve. 1) The grid side, 23 years old, plans to invest $520 + billion, with a calibre of about +4 per cent or more, and the structure will focus on the high-pressure of the main network and the improved delivery of the on-board grid.
With the expected acceleration of speed, the 220kv relay protection share is gradually increasing, and transformer capacity is also accelerating release; 2) in the off-grid area, the new energy sector has been generating power for 23 years, pulling power. In March of this year, the company completed its control of carbonene crystallized energy, with auto electron + storage based on super-voltage.
The goods are expected to form a second growth curve; in the area of storage energy, a series of household stocks have been introduced and certified by countries such as the United Kingdom, Spain and Australia, and the large reserves are expected to be officially released in 23h1, with a rapid increase in the supply of service orders in 23 years, with the exception of the rest of the grid.
Overseas operations are going well, and a drop in shipping costs is expected to lead to profitable repairs. With the full roll-out of the epidemic, Xingen Electric (002028): 2022, the overseas export of epc+ equipment is going well, 22h1 is affected by the domestic epidemic, and people are under control +
Quick Performance Review: Performance exceeded expectations slightly, high shipping costs affected overseas operations, 22h2 overseas operations passed the pressure period and new business stars were emerging as Shanghai was unsealed.
Billions, +11%, and we measure equipment-type income at about $1,116 million, +60%. Looking forward, overseas operations are expected to grow faster than domestic growth in 23 years as the country progresses vigorously, and profitability is expected to recover as shipping costs continue to decline.
Ideas Electric (002028): 2022 Quarter  Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: We maintain the net return profit for 2023-2024.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board