This represents an increase of 1.90 per cent over the same period; the net profit from non-repatriation of $1,168 million, an increase of 5.06 per cent over the same year. 23q1 performance: On 22 April 2023, the company issued its first quarterly report, and the income from 23q1 was 2,172 million yuan, an increase of 24.88 per cent over the same period; the net profit from repatriation of 218 million yuan, an increase of 43.54 per cent over the same period; the net loss from non-repatriation was a net gain of 43.54 per cent over the same period.
In previous years, the market for transmission and distribution equipment was strong and the operations were stable. In 2022, the company had \triangleright in all its operations.
Dun Young-kang’s branding influence in the energy industry led to the export of equipment by upgrading the combined capabilities of the epc overseas. Overseas markets accelerated, and the speed of growth was impressive.
\triangleright multiplicity of products through France, the United Kingdom, Spain, Portugal, Malaysia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, Australia: three-quarter interim pressure on Māori rates, cost control effectiveness
Qualifications in several countries, including Dalia, have laid the foundation for future growth in overseas performance. Good results - 2022/10/23. Acquisition of carbon-crystal carbon equity, new business waiting to grow. 4 March 2023, adopted by the company’s board of directors.
Question: q2 performance loops have increased, and switch operations have increased at the core. The bill to acquire 41.2% of the carbon content of the cartilage, which, when completed, the company holds a total of 70.4%. The main products of the cartilage include the hyperclerometer (edlc) and hybrids.
Ideas Electric (00228.sz) 2021 Annual Report Review: Super Capacitors (huc), companies that have worked together with the carbon-crystal energy for a longer period of time, have grown steadily in business development within the Internet, and overseas markets have moved into a high growth path
There are better synergies, and this further increase in the shareholding of carbonene crystallized energy will facilitate further integration of technological and market advantages between the two, thus promoting the application of super-containers in related areas, in line with the company ' s long-term development strategy and the creation of a company ' s second-growth curve for the company ' s long-term development.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.