The 23-year performance target super-market forecast is that at one time the equipment peaked at $1,168 million net profit for the mother, an increase of 5.06 per cent. q4 achieved an operating income of 3,535 million, an increase of 37.39 per cent, an increase of 33.08 per cent for the ring; and a net return for the mother was $435 million, an increase for the year.
The main power transmission plant has grown steadily, and the equipment has outperformed at a time. Each of the company's sections has grown to varying degrees, and the completion of the grid investment in 2022 was almost equal to 21 years, and it is infestation.
The impact was severe, but many of the company’s operations were higher than the industry’s growth rate, reflecting the company’s alpha. Specifically: (1) the switch class achieved operating income of $5.035 billion, an increase of 25.33 per cent over the same period; (2) the coil group achieved income of $2,231 million, an increase of 26.07 per cent over the same period, the sensor, the electro-resistance.
The market is more concentrated and the creative electrical market is ahead of the market; (3) the incompensation category achieves income of 1,328 million yuan, an increase of 16.30 per cent over the same period, and the demand for incompensation is expected to increase by 6.57 per cent as new energy is built and the accelerated upgrading of future smart transformers is expected to result in demand for test-type devices.
The company has a year-round Māori rate, which is expected to improve continuously. The Māori rate shows an increase in the price of the company in 2022; (2) an increase in the cost of shipping; and (3) an increase in the price of incompetence-type competition, which leads to a drop in prices. However, the company ' s q4 profit continues to be positive, with the company ' s q4 Māori rate at 26.94% (ring ratio).
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. Falling prices of raw materials, shipping fees, company failure to compensate for product drops, fine management continued to drop in cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.
The target was exceeded in 22, and the target for 23 years was exceeded in 2022, thanks to the efforts of all employees.
\triangleright achieves business income of $12.6 billion, a 20% increase from the previous year, and supermarket expectations. We believe that the company’s target setting reflects the company’s interest in the industry’s growth rate, as well as the company’s own growth.
In 2022, the overseas market earned \triangleright.
For $1,865 million, an increase of 35.91%. The company’s larger product is certified in several countries, including France, the United Kingdom, Spain, Portugal, Ukraine, Thailand, Malaysia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, Australia.
We believe that the epc industry has a horse-to-peer effect, that the zero-to-one phase has passed, and that the company’s performance abroad can grow in the future. The positive layout, the storage market, and the company’s future growth are strong.
\triangleright longness comes from two things: (1) the growth of secondary equipment in conventional transmission equipment and the growth of transformers. (2) the growth of overseas epc-driven performance and the departure of equipment. (3) storage energy, automobiles, etc.
In addition, the company is actively engaged in the development of site-level storage system products and is expected to be added in the future.
\triangleright Risk factors: underinvestment in electricity grids, price volatility of raw materials, increased competition in markets, etc.
Assistant Investment Manager, Ministry of Finance, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the new energy vehicle industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July for research in the photovoltaic industry, a former assistant in research in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, and Finance, University of Nakayama.
B.A. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research on new electrical systems and electrical equipment. Chen Jie, team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for lithium Sun Sun, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, 2022
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.