Pan-security: an enabling industry, ebg casts a service provider for the second growth curve + positioning smarts network + big data service + smart business.
Business, which provides services to public service users, business users, small and medium-sized enterprise users, and c-end users, works to build intelligent cities and digital enterprises that integrate cloud edges, goods, intelligence, etc. Income growth has been steady since the company’s inception, with a 10-year compound growth rate of growth.
33.22 per cent, which has always held the leading place in global security. In 2021, the national economic recovery brought Heikang to 81.3 billion yuan, an increase of 28.03 per cent over the year; the net profit on maternity was 1684 million yuan, an increase of 25.39 per cent over the year; and the net profit on non-repatriation was 16,429 million yuan.
• The security head effect is evident, with the “material network +ai” opening up new spaces for intelligent cities and digital transformation, and the security market is gradually maturing, with a global security market of $315 billion in 2020 and a global smart video surveillance market of $22.6 billion; and the seacom and China.
The city’s share rose to 25.14% and 12.84%, respectively, and the two super-strong bureaus, represented by both, deepened further. The security equipment visual hardware is one of the most accessible information interfaces in the material networking era, accompanied by a wider distribution of 5g base stations and increasingly sophisticated artificial intelligence techniques.
The technology, the material network, is on the rise. idc projects that China will spend $30,698 billion by 2025, with a compound growth rate of about 13.4 per cent; the Chinese market will rise to 25.9 per cent, the world's largest commodity network market.
The i platform has been upgraded again, with full perception, soft and hard integration highlighting smart security advantages, and seacom products covering hardware and software products, combining different product groups with intelligence as a thread, building diverse solutions to meet the needs of the industry; core advantages include soft and hard integration,
The hardware end, with 19 categories of products and more than 27,000 models of hardware equipment that can be sold, is paralleled by the baseline and custom products; and the smart hardware products family layout nodes with full sense + domain end scene smartness + central smart memory.
End, consisting mainly of software platforms, smart algorithms, data models and business services; Hycon, based on numeracy and intelligence, based on perception platforms, data platforms and application platforms, to build a unified digital intelligence base for intelligent cities, providing a platform, algorithms, algorithms, etc. for the development of all kinds of intelligent business
Models, service support. Building an open enabling system that provides 4 development frameworks, more than 1,000 open interfaces, more than 730 common components, 3 types of 198 software platforms, and a set of tools and services for artificial intelligence and big data.
The combination of competitiveness in the area of artificial intelligence is remarkable. The demand for security in government and public security-led sectors has increased as the advantage of data and channels has led to a very high growth in business, with a population of 100 clients reducing the volatility of industry cycles;
One phase of the growth of Haikang is closely linked to the growth rate of the country’s gdp, in which the pbg operations contribute to the development of operations in other areas of operation, the income composition of Haikang is gradually decentralized, the income growth rate is gradually off track with the gdp growth rate, and the risk-dispersing capacity is further enhanced.
With most city-building entering the digital age, the direction and planning of intelligent cities is becoming clearer, innovative integrated security projects are gradually replacing the traditional security projects of the past, and new business opportunities will be opened up by pbg in the vision of intelligent city-building.
The ebg operation covers areas such as smart architecture, human rights, energy metallurgy, business, financial services, etc., and has benefited from the acceleration of demand for digital transformation of enterprises, downgrading efficiency, machine-to-man exchange, etc.
Multi-dimensional + digital world ui's ability to create digital solutions that use smart-ass associations and the integration of objects to drive the digital transformation of the industry; business-level saas services based on seaconn clouds for chains, communities, epochs, logistics, etc., which, by the end of 2020, had been developed
The Haikang Digital Transformation Programme has a leading edge over competitors in video perception, clothing systems, downstream channels, industry understanding, and hardware and software integration. Smbg has a wide range of general security dimensions through direct sales, specializations, online operations, etc.
Internet for small business industries; meeting MSMEs terminal needs through dynamic video distributors, professional agents, 3c distributors, service agents, etc. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) as a long-end market with fragmented user demand, low project particle size, low individual project demand, overall number
It's huge; but it's difficult to fully standardize and scale operations because of the high degree of customization. Haikang builds on its already existing hardware and software class advantages, opening up channels on and below the line in a standardized + defined model, horizontally integrating industrial products, vertically integrating the whole product.
Links, opening the market space through channels plus products plus scenes. The smbg platform is based on industrial synergies, and the past marketing channels have shifted from direct to customers to direct to industry and workers. In 2021, smbg actively promoted online access to speed up the building of sea-comfort negotiators.
(fb2b) Connected to seacom (b2c) two main platforms, further transformed from direct supply identity to platform vendor, building a unique saas-side advantage based on the original seacom Paas platform, based on the firm ' s deep layout in the area of artificial intelligence, and the company ' s ebg, smbg enterprise
Future growth attributes, we expect to double corporate net return profits in 2021-2023, with first-time coverage giving companies a “buy-in” rating. Global business risks; technology development less than expected; and supply chain change risks
1 Haekangway vision: 20th anniversary of the birth of the Enemy tree, with vision as a axis, widening the borders of the Federation, and Heikangway viewing as a video-centric smartness network solution and big data service provider, business gathering.
Focusing on smartness networking, big data services and smart business, building open cooperative ecology, serving the public service sector with households, business users, small and medium-sized enterprise users, and end-users, working to build intelligent cities and digital enterprises that integrate cloud edges, goods, intelligence, and intelligence.
The growth rate was 33.22%, and remained a steady global leader in security: after many transformations, the product boundary was gradually widened from security to the conglomerates. Strong endogenous technology and decentralized downstream client advantage allowed companies to maintain a certain increase in their performance even as global enterprises were affected by the epidemic in 2020.
Business income amounted to $81.3 billion, an increase of 28.03 per cent over the same period; net profit returns to mothers amounted to $16,784 million, an increase from the same year, which was created in 2001 and has been growing for over 20 years with innovation at its core. Over 20 years of development, Heiconway saw its dimensions in product growth points, corporate positioning, equity structure, controlling subsidiaries, etc.
Corporate development has moved from digitalization to high-efficiency of the network to intelligent intelligence. Heconway was founded in 2001 and was initially dominated by card, dvr, and fast-tracked by autonomous video decoding algorithms.
To raise the share of the security market, the company was ranked first in the world in 2011 for video surveillance. In 2010, the public administration came to the market at the end of the year, along with the rapid and long-term arrival of China’s defense industry, Heikang began to grow in two stages during this period, and in 2013 reached 10 billion Hekangs.
In 2016, the company launched a full series of deep intelligence products and became the global champion of security, in 2017, the company released the aicloud architecture, in 2018, the Ai Open Platform, in 2019, the Letter Integration Data Platform, and in 2021, the company further upgraded to the Smart City Digital Brain Base, during which time it completed its intellectual work.
Chart 1: The Heconway Development Paradigm Changes in Product Growth Points: Video Surveillance - Smart Group - Integrated Development - Innovative Business. The first step of the growth point is built around video surveillance, and Hecon builds from video perimeter devices to video surveillance to video-based monitoring.
The second stage of growth is to benefit from the combined capabilities of intelligent matter, the construction of the seacomb, from perception to perception, from the periphery to the centre, from hardware to software, and from data to intelligent whole series of product systems. The third stage of growth is in the development of the integration of intelligence, and the construction of the seacomb completes the cloud edge of the computing architecture.
In the digital transition, there is a convergence of objects, intelligence in computing capabilities; help users map the physical world to the digital world, interface with partner informatization platforms, and provide a fully digitized solution. Positioning change: the company has been transformed from an initial security firm to a smartness networking program provider and big data service
Heconway's position has been changed several times along with business, with technology-upgrading products becoming more intelligent and capable on the one hand, and downstream expansion, with the product's scope and depth of application on the other. Heconway's current position is a video-centric smartness networking solution and a big data service provider, with business focused on smart goods.
Webs, big data services and smart business, building open cooperative ecology, providing services to public service users, business users and small and medium-sized enterprise users, providing soft and hard integration, cloud-side integration of smartness network products and services, providing information and intelligence integration of big data platform products and services, and working to build cloud edge integration, trusting, etc.
Intelligent cities and digital enterprises that combine intelligence; innovative businesses such as intelligent homes, mobile robotics and machine visions, auto electrons, intellectual storage, infrared thermal imaging, smart fire fighting, smart security checks, intelligent medicine.
Equity changes: based on the corporate background of national capital, the technical team has remained stable for years, and the equity structure is stable. The Chinese Electronic Technology Group Ltd., which is still a public corporation, is now founded by its founder, Hu Ying Trung and Chen Zong Yin, who were members of the 52nd company.
The division’s actual controllers hold a total of 40.89% of the shares.
With the exception of China Electric Science, the general manager of the company, Huyang, holds 1.66% of the shares and the investor, Gong Yong Jae, has 10.31%. Among its remaining shareholders, the Xinjiang Investment Corporation holds 4.83% of the shares (the Xinjiang Investment Corporation is owned by 49 company employees, including 4 executives from Heiconway), Xinjiang
The company has a 1.95% share (the Xinjiang Kamp investment is 80% owned by Yong Yongjak's spouse Chen Chunmei, the General Manager Hu Yong Trung 12%, and the Deputy General Manager Wai Chi 8%). In addition to the company's shareholding platform, the company has set up a platform for staff and investment to motivate its employees to work.
The total number of shares or participating companies is 115, and the holding companies include local sales subsidiaries, international sales subsidiaries, and innovative business subsidiaries. Of these, eight are now owned directly by Haikang, with the remaining 40 per cent held by employees and the Transmitters to motivate the company’s internal employees.
Operating: Security and Innovation Business, which is still in the country for the future, consists of proxies and protagonists that hatch. In the income structure, the prophylactic industry accounts for about 90% and the innovation business for 10%; the latest data for the first half of 2021 show that the business is still in the future.
Innovative business accounts for 16%, and business growth is 122.14%; intelligent household business and robotic business are the largest share of innovative business. With the rapid expansion of many innovative business operations, Haikang aims to increase its income from innovation to 50% over the next 10 years.
As a major current income contribution, the main security sector has maintained a steady rate of income growth through ebg (business) and smbg (medium and small enterprise) channels, with the main security sector operating at $28,324 million in the first half of 2021, an increase of 30.17 per cent over the same period.
Figure 6 Changes in income from corporate security and innovation operations Chart 7 Composition of corporate security and innovation income (2020) Divisioned by regional income, companies still dominate 72 per cent of business in the country, while revenue from offshore operations accounts for 72 per cent
28%. Thus, corporate business income fluctuates less with the impact of the United States Restricted List and the overseas epidemic. In the domestic business, the Pbg industry accounted for the highest share of industry income, 36.56%, followed by ebg and smbg, accounting for 34.30% and 29.25% respectively (the first half of 2021).
In the first half of 2021, the ratio of income to the country as a whole was 31.58 per cent, 29.54 per cent and 25.27 per cent respectively.
Chart 8 Income Composition (2021h1) Haikang currently has more than 27,000 products, providing software and hardware products for downstream customers, and product solutions based on its own alclud platform.
+ Core capacity for eco-enabling, corporate formations in the field of smart goods combined with high moats. Figure 11 Sea Conservative hardware and hardware products 1.3 Financial situation: strong profitability and consistently high profit margins
Corporate profitability has been strong, with a compound increase in earnings of 14.75% over the past five years and a mixed increase in net profits of mothers of 12.52%. The epidemic has not lost the pace of growth in performance, which stood at 63.503 billion yuan in 2020, or 10.14% compared to 10.14% compared to 13.386 billion yuan, or 7.82% compared to the previous year.
High profitability and relatively small band, with costs under control. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company ' s Māori rate was 46.33 per cent and net interest rate was 20.67 per cent; in spite of higher prices for upstream raw materials, Haikang maintained a good profit scale; this was due mainly to the transfer of part of the price changes to downstream; and 2) product software ' s ratio increased, medium- and long-term Māori
The company, on the other hand, has a well-designed strategic planning and cost control, which has remained almost constant for almost five years; while research and development inputs have been increasing, the remaining costs have declined due to scale effects, 2021q3.
Corporate sales costs are 11.61 per cent, management costs 2.75 per cent, financial costs - 0.39 per cent, research and development costs High quality of corporate capital, high level of cash flow with robust operations, low burden of indebtedness. In recent years, asset indebtedness has been below 40 per cent, and Roe is about 30 per cent. Net cash flows from corporate operations were 16 billion yuan in 2020.
Higher than the majority of technology companies; $3.932 billion in the first three quarters of 2021; cash flow/business receipts for business activities 7.07 per cent; good cash flow levels also facilitate the opening of new business lines for companies in the next 10 years: organizational structure 1.4: internal organizational change and R & D, further improvement of the industrial chain
In-house research and development (R & D) is considered by Haekangway, which is oriented towards client and technology, with total R & D investment exceeding $20 billion over the last five years, R & D investment accounting for over 10 per cent of sales in 2020, R & D technicians exceeding 20,000, and organizationally, the R & D sector has been accompanied by a synchronized transformation of three major industries, with companies completing in 2016-2018.
Change in software organization. Reassigned to three levels, Headquarters, bg, and regions, from the formerly centralized research and development staff at Headquarters. Base components for basic functions, role as competency centres, bottom components are robustly qualified and use a high number of scenarios and frequencies. The middle part is developed by three major groups: pbg, ebg, smbg
Regional operations centres are located in different parts of the country, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Shenyang, etc., to develop and develop sinking, meet the region’s customization needs and after-sales, and move business decisions forward, while reducing staff costs.
Based on the above-mentioned restructuring of the organization, the internal structure of Haikang has improved reasonably, and is expected to support the growth model over the next 10 years, which is expected to grow to between 120,000 and 130,000 people in the future.
$/person, to further control human costs and achieve a stable cost/profit rate. 19 Figure 19 Viewed overseas employees by professional composition (2020) Figure 20 Sea Conway Viewed Changes in Human Effects (deleted producer, tens of thousands)
Two headsight effects are clear, and the "material network +ai" opens up the wisdom of a new space for urban and digital transformation.
Traditional security, as an important component of social public security, has moved to a stage of maturity where, according to the Institute of Foresight, the global security market was $315 billion in 2020 and is expected to reach $338 billion in 2021: the latest a&s2021 ADS ranking shows that Haikang and Da Hwa are still in the top position.
The first two, represented by both, have a strong anti-competitive pattern. Smart video surveillance, as the area with the highest share of income in the security market, has developed flatly over the past 10 years, with the cities of Haikang and Dahua rising to 25.14% and 12.84%, respectively; with the new crown epidemic.
2.2 The domestic security market is in a steady phase, and the project types tend to be intelligent, and China’s security sector has gained a higher share in the global market over the years of construction development.
851 billion yuan, although affected by the epidemic, is still 3% higher than in the previous year. Of this amount, 51 billion (59.9%) are for security engineering, 260 billion (30.6%) are for security products, and 24 are for alarm operations (2020)
Figure 23 China’s total production of the security sector, at the end of the income line, is higher than our income, mainly due to the strong presence of domestic producers, and the massive advance of foreign markets. In 2019, China’s market for the defence sector reached 756.2 billion yuan, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the same period.
The development plan entitled “13th Five-Year Plan for China's Anti-Terrorism Industry” (2016-2020), issued by the Chinese Association for Security, will be upgraded to scale, automation and intelligentness, with the implementation of “China Manufacturing 2025”, with an estimated revenue of around 800 billion yuan by 2020 and an annual growth rate of over 10 per cent.
By 2022, China’s security sector is expected to earn more than trillion yuan. Chart 25 shows the size of China’s security sector market.
Wisdom has become the dominant trend in the security sector, driving the security market to continue to grow. In 2020, the share of security and engineering services in the national security market rose, with a 22% growth rate in transport services, and products were separated from hardware and software products to solutions such as data and cloud computing.
In 2020, it included projects in the urban brain, digital government, smart cities, smart traffic, snowlight projects, and artificial intelligence, with over 20 projects worth more than 100 million yuan, with a cumulative winning bid of about 6 billion yuan. Under smart projects, China’s smart video surveillance market grew faster than the global market, and China’s smart video surveillance market rules of 2019.
The model reached $10.6 billion, or about 48 per cent of the global market, and is expected to reach $16.7 billion by 2024 in China; a combined growth rate of 9.6 per cent in five years is projected to be higher than the global market of 7.1 per cent.
As a mature information perception port, the visible vision, represented by the seacom, was the first to open the interface portal, accompanied by 5g, the upgrading of artificial intelligence technology, and the annual v2 Global Object Network Expenditure Guide for company multi-dimensional sensing technology, which predicts that the global goods network market will reach $1.1 trillion by 2025.
In the next five years, China’s spending on the Internet will rise to over $300 billion in 2024, to 25.9%, the world’s largest market for the Internet. Figure 27 Global spending on the Internet is projected (2025)
In terms of the technical dimensions of China’s spending on the Internet, China’s spending on software, hardware, services, and connectivity will increase steadily over the next five years. Of this, the hardware and services market has a high market share in five years, with idc predicting that China’s hardware market in 2025 will be about 40%, mainly as Chinese enterprises are more accustomed to hardware.
From the downstream sectors of China’s spending on the Internet, the manufacturing, government, and consumer sectors will continue to grow, and by 2025 these three industries will account for more than 50% of the market’s spending. Among these, the industrial Internet, car-networking, smart cities and intelligent homes, and smart-clothable networking landscapes continue to grow rapidly.
Figure 29 Technical dimensions of spending on the Internet in China (2025) Figure 30 Downstream industry share of spending on the Internet in China (2025) benefited from the construction of 5g, nb infrastructure, the upgrading of artificial intelligence technology, and the creation of intelligent cities.
Linking trends are becoming clearer, with the current application landscape showing an increase in the demand for smart city sensing equipment from the government side, data interconnections to be resolved; increased demand for business digital transformations, with applications such as car networking accompanied by faster intelligent penetration; and an increase in sensors from the consumption side of smart households and wearing equipment.
The demand for the previous smart sensor combination equipment, backend servers and storage facilities, etc., has also been fast-tracked by arot technology, and the number of global network connections has grown rapidly in recent years. Atot applications have gone from one-simple to interconnected intelligence, to three stages of active intelligence, leading to scenario-based intelligence.
In the active intelligence phase, smart systems will have the ability to feel, learn, adapt, improve and so on, and artificial intelligence will move from weak artificial intelligence to strong artificial intelligence. According to iot analysis, the number of global network connections reached 11.7 billion in 2020, surpassing the number of non-material connections for the first time.
By 2025, the number of global access connections is expected to increase to 30.9 billion, with a 22 per cent annual compound growth rate.
The digital economy has become one of the major growth poles in the country's future development. Under the new crown, online office, online education, etc., has given rise to a new digital economy. The size of the data economy expanded to 39.2 trillion yuan in 2020.
The share of gdp rose from 14.2 per cent in 2005 to 38.6 per cent; the size of China ' s data economy will continue to grow over the next five years, supported by demand-driven and digital economic policies such as digital consumption, investment, trade, etc., and is expected to reach 65 trillion yuan in 2025, or 50.4 per cent of the total.
The digital economy penetration rate for services, industry and agriculture was accelerated in 2020 by 40.7 per cent, 21.0 per cent and 8.9 per cent for all three industries.
Figure 33 The size of the digital economy in China and its share of gdp, coupled with emerging technologies such as networking, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and the wisdom of the country’s commitment to promote urban and digital village-building plans are becoming clear, and companies are expected to write a new chapter in the digital economy at this stage.
Since the beginning of the year, the State has successively adopted policies related to the digital economy. In January, the State Council issued the "14th Five-Year Development Plan for the Digital Economy " , which identifies the current status and trends of the digital economy in the country and sets out the objectives, priorities and safeguards for the development of the 14th Five-Year Digital Economy. In February, Central Document proposed the implementation of the project for the development of digital villages.
The City of Wisdom has undergone three phases of development since its pilot in 2012, the primary intelligent city exploration sequence, the new smart city push phase, and the digital twin cities integration phase.
Driven by factors such as proximity, efficient development, full empowerment, intelligent cities have begun to be digitally driven, building on urban information modelling platforms, shifting data from passive to active sharing of line systems, working together across sectors to promote intelligent city integration and cross-line through political and business cooperation and local business models.
Co-operative eco-weave development.
The Ministry of Housing and Construction started piloting smart cities in 2012 at the earliest. 2015 introduced the concept of a “new city of wisdom” and followed up with smart urban planning and nurturing policies exploring smart cities for construction, operation, management, services.
By 2018, 100 new intelligent cities, evaluation criteria, evaluation and benchmarking were established, digital twin cities were created, and scientific approaches to development were developed.
The new concept of smart cities, new mechanisms, new regulations, more emphasis on safe and manageable cities, first established as a national strategy in 2014 Principles for the design of the top layers of the new smart cities (2018)
Smart city development should be embodied in modern science and technology, new and intelligent city content (2016), integrated by the platform, with a mix of resources.
The idea of promoting urban health development The principles of the design of new intelligent cities are shared, developed efficiently, and comprehensive.
Driven by digital twines, building on the old smart city (2012) urban information model platform.
The data of the line systems have moved from passive co-opt, old smart city-building priorities, to active sharing, multisector.
Co-ordinated efforts to advance the development of intelligent cities and to operate locally through political and business cooperation.
Models, inter-industry collusives, new features of the future through virtual interactions, simulations, etc.
And applied, inclusive innovation, the city will enter the intellectual stage of decision-making and end up in an intelligent transition to intelligence.
The goal of the digital twin cities is to move to a smart intellectual transformation through the universal application of new features, such as virtual interaction, simulation, and so on, with cities entering the decision-making stage. There are still gaps in the dimensions of connectivity, data, running decisions, and the future smart cities will move further towards integration, cross-cutting, cross-sectoral and multi-sectoral approaches.
The 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan also proposes more definitive development objectives: (1) classification for the development of new intelligent cities; (2) intensification of integrated planning and construction of new intelligent cities; (3) upgrading of information-friendly agricultural services; and (4) promotion of the digitalization of rural governance.
Chart 36 shows that the city of wisdom is still flawed, and eventually the goal of the city of wisdom needs to move from being connected to being integrated.
When digital brain connections are applied, the data can be uploaded, the command can go down, and the real urban brain is created where it's smart to dig for cross-sectional data applications.
The key to city building to deep water. □ Smart city building needs to move from independence to integration, from breaking up islands to connecting islands, from clouding up.
The digital brain, which does not connect to data only, is simply a re-engineering of the base of the smart city, creating a common ground for innovation.
Set up, without real vitality, digital brain, connects to the various sectors; application connects the new heart to the result room, which is also the decision-making and operational command.
At the bottom of the throne, applications change, so as to upgrade the modern market for intelligent urban solutions, and most countries around the world are promoting their own smart cities in a manner appropriate to the local context. According to data from Deloitte, "Super-intelligent City 2.0" , China is actively promoting intelligent cities.
Pilots, more than 490 smart cities are currently being built, more than Europe-wide, accounting for 48% of the world’s smart cities. China’s smart city market has also been growing at about 30% in recent years, with intelligent logistics, intelligent architecture, and wise government accounting for the main market share of smart cities in China, respectively.
28.9 per cent, 24.4 per cent, 18.7 per cent
The future smart city market is expected to expand further. According to idc, China ' s smart city technology-related investments reached US$ 26.24 billion in 2020, and most of the projects in the next three years will be in preparation and start-up.
Figure 40 China's share of the smart city market — smart architecture — smart logistics — smart government — smart traffic — smart medicine — intelligent minds — others.
The 3ai platform has been upgraded again, with a full sense, a hard-to-soft integration highlighting the three stages of the existence of the one enabling, from the hardware product phase - the solution embedded phase - to the one enabling phase.
Heikang launched the aicloud architecture in 2017, the 2019 launch of the Data Platform for Material Message Integration, and the 2020 launch of the Smart City Pioneer. With the power of the 'i ' , corporate products built soft and hard integration + cloud-side integration + digital integration + ecology
On the product side, companies use a unified software platform, a unified intelligent perception platform and a unified device to connect software and hardware products to each other. In software use, companies achieve perceptive (coated cloud), cognitive (intelligence), decision-making (digital integration) end-intelligence, covering marginal-marginal-cloud centres.
To achieve top-down, area-wide artificial intelligence. And, in this framework, to build algorithmic warehouses, model warehouses, component warehouses, improve internal R & D efficiency and reduce duplication, 360 products, 5446 components, 744 drivers have been rolled out. In addition, Haikang, in his intellectual context, is open to an ecosystem, using open settings.
Prepare + platform plus data+ application to open the biosphere; provide four development frameworks, more than 1,000 open interfaces, and more than 730 common components, for example, using the Open Platform for Smart Applications. In the context of enabling system development, build a training certification system, with Hangzhou headquarters at its core, three software research and development centres located in the north-east, north-west and south-west 19
The online training enabling mechanism of the Provincial Software Development Department and the online training mechanism comprising more than 280 courses.
Seacom products include hardware products and software products that combine different product combinations with intelligence to create diverse solutions to meet the needs of a thousand people. (1) Hardware product families: focus on multi-dimensional perception, scene intelligence, intelligent memory.
The number of hardware equipment models sold annually by Haikang has reached more than 27,000, and the baseline is parallel to customized products, which have been accompanied by increased downstream debris demand and a growing range of customized products, while providing direction for the development of future baseline products in Haikang.
The network of statisticians, the number of Haikang hardware products in 19 categories, covering the front end, intelligent traffic, closed-teaching, alarms, meeting panels, storage, data centres, etc., through the entire process of information perception to transmission to processing and application, the application of the product from safety to smartness networking to industrial automation, auto-assisted driving, fire protection, etc.
In 2016, Hai Hong launched a full series of deep intelligence products, which have been continuously used in recent years as artificial intelligence enabler hardware products.
In the product family, marginal node products focus on full intelligence perceptions, marginal node products focus on scene-based intelligence landings, cloud center products concentrate on intelligence computing and flow storage.
(2) Software products family: software platform + smart algorithm + data model + business service
1) Basic software platform includes "two pools, three libraries, one platform, one environment " : "two pools" refers to accounting for storage and data pools, including marginal cloud and central cloud computing platforms, cloud storage platforms, large data platforms; "three libraries" refers to component warehouses, algorithm stores, model warehouses, supporting components, algorithms, and
Management and reuse of models; "One screen" refers to the large screen visualization application development tool that supports the configuration of visualization applications in zero code settings and their correlation to data: "seven platforms" refers to resource management dispatch platforms, intellectual perception networking platforms, ai open platforms, a perception integration enabling platforms, absconding data resource platforms, intelligence
An open platform, an integrated transport service platform, can be used to provide storage resource scheduling for all types of smart applications, device access networking, smart algorithm training, smart service distribution, data-assembly governance, intelligent application development, and one-dimensional transport service capability: "One environment" means a four-dimensional space operating environment, a virtual environment corresponding to the physical world.
The time and space operating environment supports the storage, association and analysis of perception and data resources in the same space and space environment. 2) The common software platform provides common software functionality across industry, including generic security, visualization command, alarm management, inspection supervision, meeting interaction, content publishing, etc. 3) the industry software platform provides services to the sub-industry, etc.
More than 70 sub-industries, such as public security, traffic police, traffic, etc., have now been covered, completing over 100 industry software platforms. Chart 44 Software Products Family: Software Platform + Smart Algorithm + Data Model + Business Services Basic Software Platform 45 is a cornerstone, including "two pools, three pools, one platform, one platform environment"
Smart algorithms include, inter alia, generic algorithms and industry-specific algorithms, large-scale artificial intelligence analysis algorithms accumulated by companies in downstream service. In this, generic algorithms can be used for the development of multiple industry-based smart applications, industry-specific algorithms develop algorithms for specific industry-specific applications. Smart algorithms are based on algorithm stores and are shared.
The data model is based on the power of big data collection, governance, analysis, and service provided by the MaterialIntellectual Data Resource Platform, which provides large data application services to the industry and, in the process, accumulates industry business data models. The data model is based on model warehouse management and can be replicated and optimized in other similar settings.
Business services are targeted at some operations and provide a shift from products and systems to service delivery, including systems support services, data engineering services, business operations services. (3) Solutions cover thousands of businesses
From the point of view of client demand, Heikang has been laying out industry solutions since 2009, gradually covering more than 10 major and more than 70 sub-groups of industry applications, building a unified software technology architecture since 2016.
The company’s research and development end does not limit the development of hardware for a single software development effort, but instead allows for cross-cutting implementation of each other’s needs and mutual support for hardware and software. Faced with client business needs, software personnel simultaneously export hardware equipment requirements: depending on the new ones that have been developed.
The software team will simultaneously develop applications that maximize hardware value. 3.2 The Sensitivity+Data+Application Platform provides the basic support for the Open Platform to expand the eco-seacom ' s smart platform over several periods: 1)2017, the company launched the ai based on cloud-side integration.
(b) In 2018, the company released a “two pools of four platforms” based on the alcloud structure, which includes a data pool, calculation of a storage resource pool, algorithm repository and data realization.
3) In 2019, the company released the alcloud Information Fusion Data Platform, which was used in the information network to translate the data into more understandable data on people, places, things, things, etc. in the information network, leading to better use of the data in the information network. 4) In 2020, the company developed the concept of digital integration, linking the ai to the big data on perception.
Combining, ai with multi-dimensional data to achieve sensory intelligence and cognitive intelligence, the framework was upgraded to “two pools of three libraries and seven platforms and one environment” (5) In 2021, the company officially launched the City of Wisdom Digital Brain Base and upgraded the ai Open Platform 2.0, with a full-scale upgrading of the three main capabilities of overall perception, autonomous evolution and cognitive computing.
Heikang is based on data, intelligence, perception platforms, data platforms and application platforms, building a unified mind base for intelligent cities, providing a platform, algorithms, models, and service base for the development of all kinds of smart business. To better serve its clients, Heikang built an open enabling system, providing four.
Development of frameworks, over 1,000 open interfaces, over 730 common components, 3 types of 198 software platforms, and a batch of tools and services for artificial intelligence and big data.
(1) The Sensitization Integration Enabling Platform, which is used to integrate intellectuals at the front and back through multi-dimensional, intelligent, condensed senses. The Sensitization Platform is oriented towards industry or city-based cosmopolitan perception resources and supports the access, networking, transport of all types of smart front-end devices
Support, through interface openness and protocol openness, the access of various smartness networking devices to various seacom software platforms, the sharing of perceived data, and support for open training in smart algorithms, uniform management and flexible presentation, and unified deployment of arithmetic resources, ultimately supporting the sharing of intelligent services in service dimensions.
(2)ai Open Platform ai Open Platform has a large number of applications of industry-based smart algorithms that enable the Sensitization Platform to function and provide a one-stop algorithm training platform for fragmented industry application scenarios with perception algorithms based on small sample data
Training capabilities. The `ai Open Platform ' acquires intelligence and arithmetic through sample data collection, online data labelling, and online algorithm training, and can be deployed to front-and-end devices. The `ai Open Platform ' supports both public and private cloud training modules.
Algorithms: As of 2020, the Platform had more than 2,000 registered users, and in 2020 alone, it had more than 15,000 intelligence algorithms and more than 100 applications.
In March 2021, Heconway announced the opening-up of the ai 2.0-Haconway neuvison, which used to be an open-calculatory platform 1.0 and open to hardware, while version 2.0 was completely upgraded in terms of full awareness, autonomous evolution, and cognitive computing. In addition, the company launched a new eco-cooperative scheme.
Row, the ai Open Platform algorithm training service is free to facilitate industrial upgrading in open platforms, and future industrial upgrades (3) the Protein Fusion Data Platform, which integrates the data received by the Sensitization Platform with operational data and provides users with the number
According to open capabilities such as integration tools, data open tools, data analysis tools, data sharing tools, data services and model warehouses, customer data modelling and application needs are met. The seacomb integration data platform has gained in a number of areas such as public safety, traffic management, bus movement control, water, natural resources, financial counter-fraud, campus management, etc.
In response to the data platform, Haikang also built a model warehouse to provide model dissemination, version management, information querying, statistical analysis, integration deployment, etc. to all parties involved in model development to enable project models to be reused. One data model can support multiple applications, while one application can be supported by multiple data models.
Figure 51 Informational Integration Data Resource Platform (4) Smart Applications Open Platform Applying Open Platforms to support global intelligent applications and adapt integrated perception data to business data
Use. The Open Platform for Corporate Smart Applications provides four development frameworks, more than 1,000 open interfaces, more than 730 common components, and nearly 200 software platform products, including basic software, generic software and industry software. The platform is oriented towards marginal node applications, marginal domain applications, cloud centre applications and Internet operation applications, respectively.
Open platform for intelligent applications, supporting the landscape for global intelligent applications. The corresponding platform is embedded in the edge node, using the open platform heop (Haekang Hoipur), the marginal domain smart application platform (seacomm view), the cloud centre smart response platform (seacon cloud far away), and the Internet operating the open platform for open applications (seacon clouds).
In relation to the application of the Open Platform, the company provides a warehouse of components for software reuse, which has now accumulated more than 2,300 components. The development process based on the integrated seacom software technology system consists mainly of the selection of architecture + the selection of components + the configuration of components + the development of new components + integration.
Figure 52 Open Platform for Smart Applications Bordering Node Embedding Open Platform for Applications
• Provision of equipment-level open platforms to support the application of decoupling development, developer development • to provide a development framework for edge-oriented intellectual applications, as well as common service capabilities that can be integrated into the framework, including video previews, door locks, visualization
App, independent of the smart device, provides basic capabilities, including audio-visual processing, in-depth learning reasoning, etc., in connection with speech, ladder control, etc., and video-intelligent resolution functions.
You can use an open capability interface to develop more specialized components from the piping that meet specific application needs.
You can also post your apps to the Highcombs and promote and sell them in a single development, sharing opportunities and improving the efficiency of R & D.
Open platform for Internet operation applications (Haekang Yunya) Cloud centre smart application platform (Haekang Yun Wan) • provides a framework for the development of intelligent applications for cloud centres and can be integrated into that
Based on the fluorescent cloud, it provides business operations support for cities and industries.
On this basis, developers can further develop dedicated equipment access and management tailored to specific application needs and high-speed Internet-based business services for industry users.
• Online operation of 14 public service related operations, including community operating service cloud platforms, rental house management cloud platforms, epoxy businesses, information gathering cloud platforms, and microbusiness safe production regulatory platforms, etc.
What's the difference between traditional security and IAA? Haikang has been transformed into an intelligent security firm since 2017, and has gradually improved his intellectual structure, widening his ecological boundaries, and moving away from traditional IAA products to open the IAA routes.
By contrast, there are differences in technical dimensions, application dimensions, cost dimensions, business models, etc. In terms of technical dimensions, traditional security features are cameras used to record video data, back-end storage and response deficiencies focus on ex post responses; traditional security relies mainly on surveillance coverage density, breadth, etc.
Increased clarity, but limited improvement in data storage, resolution, processing applications; traditional security in urban applications data silos that are not consistent across jurisdictions, platforms, and can not be matched with hardware and software. But ai' security compared to a traditional security product that is separated from simple hardware and software to custom-made solutions tailored to client needs
(b) In the acquisition of information, there is a greater sense of how to expand from visible light to combined applications such as x-rays, lasers, infrared, and to enhance the application of machine visual technology, with image information processing extending from two-dimensional to three-dimensional: backend and algorithm applications.
Ai-Ai-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si. From the application-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si.
In terms of cost dimensions, the Ai-Assis is built into video analysis, big-data research, front-end parts, storage parts are higher than the traditional Ai-Assisting values. According to the White Paper on Artificial Engineering for Security +ai, video-Assistion and Big Data are unique to Ai-Ai-Assis, and the front-end Ai-Assis Construction costs.
In comparison to traditional security, the storage component is 86% higher than the traditional security, the side-faced security is evidence of improved perception and data-processing capabilities at the front end, and the back-end data cloud storage end is spatially expanded. In business models, traditional security sales are mostly hardware-based and software-based; and revenue patterns are hardware-based.
Package decisions; in client outreach, mainly in the form of bid projects, and relatively passive. Ai-As a result of increased software penetration, sales were dominated by a combination of hardware and software, the value of the software was significantly increased and follow-up operational support, big data analysis and other services were increased; revenue patterns were determined by hardware and software packaging and follow-up services were sub-paying; and clients were selected.
The exhibition is no longer limited to tendering, but rather uses data services to further explore client needs, proactively meet new needs, and provide 3.4-ing-up of the artificial intelligence market, where seacom is competitive. The greatest feature of the pan-security market is the fragmentation of demand and the injection of artificial intelligence technology into the pan-security market.
In the process, two types of problems need to be addressed: one is to meet downstream fragmentation, and downstream solutions need to be tailored to the needs of fine-share customers, which means that companies need a lot of stock options and accumulated knowledge of the industry over the years. Two is to address industrial intelligence, and some shortcomings remain in the process of industrial intelligence development of the real economy, including the scenario.
Lack of digital capacity and the high reliance of the ai technology threshold on manual data tagging and arithmetic excellence, so companies need to expand the external perception tentacles, introduce an understanding of industry research and development talent, further optimize the ai algorithm model and deepen the number, as noted earlier, Heikang has a soft and hard integration capability, a large number of channels of customers and an understanding of downstream industries.
Deeply, with such advantages as a large stock of hardware products; progressive artificial intelligence on software algorithms, platform construction, data applications, etc., with the input of some 20,000 researchers contributing to the competitiveness of Heicon in algorithmic dimensions, and high corporate understanding of data applications, providing intelligent solutions of an integrated nature. In addition, larger industries are falling in size.
Compared to competitions within and outside the country, the combined competitiveness of the seacom is remarkable. 1) Compared with overseas security competition: overseas, the pioneers of the security industry, namely, Assaholay, Anzes, Bocheon, etc., stay in the pure security definition phase, relying on hardware.
Equipment accounts for a market share and is limited by perceptions in Europe and the United States and by business development thinking. 2) Compared with the emergence of artificial intelligence four dragons: the scene of the four dragons' production was not profitable as of 2020, with the remaining two having a lower Māori rate than the seacomb.
In Haikang, where the solution combines site-based scenarios that fully understand client needs and are rich in hardware products, applications are extensive and cost-effective. 3) Compared with soft-banded Internet taps such as Hwa, 100 degrees, etc.: Internet manufacturers currently lack sufficient hardware support to purchase more third-party hardware in the winning bid project, or in the city.
Urban upgrading has been dominated; due to the in-depth presence of staff required for downstream debris, Internet enterprises have had to invest high human and financial costs in the upfront period, and Haikang’s cost advantages are more pronounced.
Redefinition of the visual plan to cover the ai industry.
New products in the field -- analytics, engines, chain-level products, big view data.
Rhino Data Smart Pyramid system, including smart sources, smart front-end products, smart rhino data Pyramid.
Ideal intelligence front-end products are self-researched.
Soft and hard for algorithm software, one product, 3.5ai defense market is expected to grow to $100 billion.
In 2019, the arrival of the new crown epidemic further accelerated the transformation of society toward digitization, networking, and intellectualization.
In 2020, the core artificial intelligence industry was more than 150 billion yuan, and is expected to exceed 450 billion yuan by 2025. China’s artificial intelligence market currently operates mainly downstream in government urban governance (49%), the Internet (18%), finance (12%), retail trade in commercial real estate (5%), medical life sciences (4%), industry.
Heaconway sees intelligent and secure layouts initially using visible light as an entry point, following up on the invisible spectrum of infrareds, lasers, x-rays, etc., and constantly upgrading computer visual capabilities. Computer vision uses computers and related devices to prepare bio-visual simulations, benefiting from the mature application of deep learning algorithms and the perception of intelligent technologies in different industries.
In 2020, the market for computer visual products reached 86.2 billion yuan, or 57% of the artificial intelligence industry, driving the industry to more than 220 billion yuan. In terms of current market investment, retail, security, manufacturing, etc., are the most market-focused track, with 51% heat protection.
The market, which was 45.3 billion yuan in 2020, is expected to grow to 91.3 billion yuan by 2025, of which public security traffic still accounts for the main market, but the market for community buildings, humanism, etc. will accelerate.
Figure 562017 - October 2020 China's computer visualization project, size of industry, track heat.
Figure 58: Disaggregated size of China ' s 'ai+An' hardware market in 2020 and 2025
Since the restructuring of the business structure in 2018, Heikang has divided over 40 sub-sectors of domestic business into three clusters of public service (pbg), enterprise (ebg) and small and medium enterprise (Smbg).
Based on a common platform base, rooted in different industry applications, working with in-house resources to improve internal operating efficiency, targeting different types of markets and better meeting customer needs, pbg (publicbusinessgroup, public service community) is traditionally used for public security, transportation, and public services.
Based on the three Ministries of Justice, which are based on urban governance and urban service needs, and adapted to the block model of the administrative region; ebg (enterprisebusinessgroup, business and industry) based on the four Ministries of Finance, Energy, Building, Education and Health, which are based on the traditional large enterprise market and the corporate sector.
The industry ' s pattern, which responds to the vertical business management needs of enterprise groups: smbg (small&medium businessgroup, small and medium-sized enterprise) is based on a traditional distribution management team, based on a market service for small and medium-sized enterprises, operated on- and off-line, product distribution, installation and transport services,
Since its inception, the three major groups have experienced growth in their income, which was affected by the epidemic in 2020, but has remained positive; in the first half of 2021, the beneficiary operations were well-functioning, and the three clusters experienced 41.85 per cent growth in their income.
Balanced, with the future digitalization of the benefits of ebg downstream, the smbg benefit line expanded, with 4.1 pbg: business growth robust, project entering the new phase of smart cities, pbg operations covering areas such as former government, public security, traffic police, traffic, justice, etc., have been developed in the past and to date in Haikang.
Increased demand for security in the lead sector and the launch of the Snowlight Project in 2016 have injected a long-term force into the development of the Haikang pbg operation. In 2020, pbg achieved an operating income of $16,304 million (+46.1%) and 31.58%, representing an overall revenue of 22.76%.
On top of this, the main part of the business contribution of pbg, which is accompanied by other areas of business development, the income composition of Haikang is gradually becoming fragmented, the income growth rate is gradually off track with the gdp growth rate, and the risk-dispersing capacity is further enhanced.
Figure 61pbg shows the proportion of income of the career groups. Figure 62 shows the correlation between HYCOM and gdp. The income of traditional security enterprises as a whole is usually linked to local government expenditure and is closely linked to urban planning.
In 2016, after the launch of the “Safe Snow” project, China's security industry continued to rise, and the security sector began to grow rapidly. In 2019, it was affected by trade between the United States and the United States and by the new crown epidemic. On the one hand, market demand weakened, on the other hand, government spending shifted to outbreak control, on the other hand, government spending on security projects was temporarily reduced, and on the other hand, the security climate was reduced.
By the second half of 2020, the country had put in place active fiscal policies, domestic economic recovery, new capital improvements, government financial pressure eased, and a climate-proofing index re-entered the upper route.
Since 2020, there has been a steady increase in the issuance of special local government debt, which was more than $4 trillion in 2020 and 2021, and $1.79 trillion in advance local debt in January-February 2022, mainly for municipal and industrial parks (25.8 per cent), transport infrastructure (18.8 per cent) and social services.
Local governments’ debts have been steadily released, guaranteeing a basic increase in the income base of traditional operations at pbg.
Figure 64 Local government debt, on the other hand, pbg offers new business opportunities from the perspective of smart cities. As most cities move into the digital age, the direction and planning of smart cities is becoming clearer, and the 2020 smart cities-related experiment is taking place.
The number of cities has exceeded 900; according to the latest data from idc, China spent about $25.9 billion in smart cities in 2020, an increase of 12.7% compared to 2019, which is higher than the global average. In the distribution of pan-security cities, innovative integrated projects are gradually replacing the traditional security projects of the past; the urban brain, digital politics.
The number of projects, the digital twin, the Jianxian community, smart cities, etc., and the financing of procurement are growing at an extremely rapid rate, representing an increase of about two times the size of the increase, with new statistical projects, smart parking, car networking, industry digitalization showing good performance, which have evolved from traditional projects, gradually upgrading to replace glimmers of peace, traffic control, etc.
Figure 65: Structure of urban security projects by procurement budget, 2020 Figure 67 - Amount of urban security project procurement budget (millions of dollars) Figure 66 Changes in the number of urban security projects (numbers)
The pbg operation is based on the Hyconway vision, the data platform and the application platform, and the construction of a digital base for intelligent cities, which provides the foundation for the development of all kinds of smart business in cities. The data dimensions are used as a guide for the construction of new steps in cities, such as the extraction of data from previously accumulated video data on people, vehicles, objects, and helping public safety and security.
Urban transport governance, urban regulatory compliance, urban emergency management, city-wide movement management, etc., provide rich solutions for city-wide data construction from the bottom up. They are also open to city builders, based on several intellectual bases, and are currently based on four development frameworks, with over 1,000 interfaces, 3 types of 198 software platforms and over 730 common components.
It would be possible to customize a combined application within three days, develop a data application within one month, build a business system within three months, and provide online and offline training courses to drive industrial co-development.
Haikang, after observing low use of traffic data, lack of digitization of urban traffic management, and a pattern of police action, worked with partners to develop corresponding smart traffic solutions based on the user’s business scene. Heikang achieved real-time road network operation monitoring, road network operation patterns analysis and statistics, road networks, etc.
Forecasting and supporting decision-making and aarview command four basic business functions. Collecting traffic, average speed, head distance, drive space occupancy, etc., by video, microwave radar, geomagnetic loops and other collection equipment (e.gps data for floating vehicles), capturing information on events such as road congestion, traffic accidents, road construction, etc.
Integrating road traffic information to provide clients with intelligent traffic data analysis and to improve command-of-custody efficiency; ultimately, visualization of traffic data and real-time monitoring of traffic video flows can be achieved on a network: real-time monitoring of road networks, regions, business circles, road congestion and traffic
Real-time monitoring of the situation, showing traffic conditions and traffic along the various sections of the road, showing trends in regional congestion indexes, road blockage index rankings and traffic rankings, etc., to enable traffic managers to capture the real-time performance of urban roads; 2) Road network operating patterns analysis and statistics: historical data on traffic operations can be analysed to help the Department of Management
(c) Road network forecasting and auxiliary decision-making: this can be based on traffic operations data and current traffic events over the same period of time, predicting the performance of the segment and providing decision-making support for traffic command and control movements;
4) Ar scenery command: A full-scale video of the location of the incident can be retrieved in real time, based on current traffic anomalies, as well as a precise commanding schedule based on real-time video for first-line work. 4.2ebg: Digital transformation of enabling enterprises to build a second growth pole in operations
The ebg operation, which covers such areas as smart architecture, human rights, energy metallurgy, business and industry, financial services and so on, has benefited from the acceleration of demand for digital transformations in enterprises, lower efficiency and machine-to-man changes, and the growth of the ebg business has been strong. Since 2018, ebg has become a solid and well-growing section of the three major industries, with gdp.
The connection is low, and even as a result of the epidemic and the supply chain, there has been an increase of more than 20% in recent years. In 2020, the ebg industry achieved business income of $151,800 million (+20.56%) and business income of $7,219 million (+22.07%) in the first half of 2021, representing 29.54% of domestic business income, representing the overall revenue ratio.
With a 21.29 per cent focus, the future income will be higher than the pbg business group.
4.2.1 The digital transformation needs of business users, driven by national circumstances and policies, are clearly identified. On the one hand, the digital transformation needs of business users are influenced by national circumstances, current trends in population ageing are evident, demographic dividends are diminishing, business efficiency is declining and machine-to-man needs are rising. On the other hand, they are driven by policy ends,
In 2022, the 14th Five-Year Plan for Digital Economic Development focused on eight tasks that focused on the full development of the digital economy, clearly setting out development goals, and by 2025, the core industries of the digital economy will have a value added of 10 per cent of gdp; and planning will emphasize the optimization of the digital infrastructure.
Distinguishing data elements to push for the digital transformation of industries, accelerating digital industrialization, and continuously increasing levels of digitalization of public services, among others. The global digital transformation of enterprises is a huge market.
Of the countries with a five-year compound annual growth rate of 16.7%, the United States and China will be the two largest geographical markets for digital transition spending, accounting for more than half of global spending in 2019. Four industries will account for nearly half of the $1.25 trillion in global digital transformation expenditure in 2019:
Separated manufacturing ($220 billion), process manufacturing ($135 billion), transport ($116 billion) and retailing ($98 billion).
First, moving from a less complex industry to a more individualized industry: the initial phase of the business digital transformation lacks a large number of standardized templates, so the less complex industries start with applications such as energy, materials, etc., and second, the more concentrated industries move to more fragmented ones;
The same type of digitized programme that can be applied in industries with a high concentration of industry has a higher degree of coverage and an even more significant initial effect. Third, when the front customer solution matures, it advances to the waist, and the front customer applies a better amount of money to the literal and the wrong scene, and when the transition programme is relatively mature, it moves to the waist.
Businesses. Moreover, different industries have different development features in the digital transformation process.
For entry points, the technological dimensions of equipment health management, intelligent production, product quality testing, and supply chain synergies, the digital transformation of enterprises faces three stages, with different levels of intelligent transformation. In the first phase, the digitalization of enterprises is mainly in the form of erp, crm, scm, mobile Internet, etc.
The main focus is on the management of intra-enterprise data, helping enterprises to achieve such goals as precision management, reduction of efficiency gains, but this phase is focused on backstage, where business data are not linked to perception data. Phase two, by combining perception, is the realization of perception intelligence, and the digitalized form of the enterprise is digital.
Intelligent applications are further upgraded, deep learning algorithms are upgraded to achieve cognitive intelligence, and digitized forms of business are expressed in the form of a mixture of letters and intelligence.
4.2.2 Digital solutions: ai engineering + low-code engine + multi-dimensional perception + digital world ui digital enterprise solutions for comprehensive perception, intelligent association, integration of goods and letters, building a comprehensive system of perception products, building on aicloud architecture for iengineering innovation and delivery, building low-code software quotes
ui, a digital world based on a cloud vision platform to deepen business-level saas services.
A landscape application programme, the solution of which has been implemented in a number of industries such as coal ore metallurgy, commercial real estate, manufacturing enterprises, tobacco and alcohol salt, logistics, retail chains, education and teaching.
Heikang built on the “ai engineering + low-code engine + multi-dimensional sensing + digital world ui” capability to create digital resolution programmes, using the combination of smarts and letters to drive the digital transformation of the industry. 1)ai engineering accelerated the landing.
When ai senses results and software engineering combines to form a management closed-ring and mechanical engineering combination. The company created aai engineering innovation service, which uses the ai open platform as a visual sensing engine, to bring the ai technology in close alignment with multi-dimensional perception, soft engine, data intelligence, mechanical automation technology, to drive the bond perception and business closure.
Motion control and decision implementation, data engineering combined to enable the industry to truly realize cognitive intelligence. 2) Low-code engines efficiently deliver digital applications. The trend in intelligence networking is low-code engines that can support fast-changing and digital applications in the business sector with low-coded applications.
The low-code search engine reduces the threshold for enterprise application development by providing an abstract business model, a rich configuration template and a visualized template. The low-code engine is essentially an application for intelligence networking, and most projects, through low-codes, can reduce 90% of past customization and help users quickly achieve a digital application based on object networking.
In 2021, the low-code engine had landed in hundreds of users; in the case of inspection engines, it had been widely applied to a number of industry scenes such as social sector property inspections, business safety production management, and general education security supervision. Multi-dimensional integration opened up the information port.
Multi-dimensional sensing technologies such as light, open the sensor information input port, and combine big-scale sensing data with business data. Combined with large-scale equipment access, smart-ass, data-assembly capabilities provided by industry application platforms, supporting the digital world ui ui achieves a digital world of ui and enhances real technology integration.
Technology, integration of ui network data, construction of digital world ui, and digital twin experiences. Companies provide a digital workshop solution for manufacturing enterprises, an arc ring map solution for chemical parks, and an arc landscape orientation solution for tourist attractions. In 2021, companies are expected to further launch new landscape applications.
Chart 78 Seaconebg core technology 5) Clouds provide enterprise-level saas services. In 2018, Haikang Clouds came online to provide saas cloud services for a segmented industry such as chains, social districts, epochs, logistics.
The number of users of services and the level of access to equipment have continued to grow at a high rate. By the end of 2020, cloud vision had accumulated more than 150,000 retail shops, 1.6 million community owners, 1.3 million student heads, more than 10,000 office space, 450,000 logistics nodes, 2000 developers; and the cumulative access to nearly 1.6 million facilities
Terminals are available. And the main developers of cloud vision have built the corporate ecology, and more than 2,000 developers have developed saas applications for a comparable breakdown of the scene through clouds, with interfaces calling more than 30 million times a day. As of 2021, the latest data from the official network, clouds have been connected to the tunnels, amounting to 3.0307 million.
Links provide companies with services such as video-networking, inspection and evaluation, passenger flow statistics, document retrospectives, ai scene recognition, etc., to help them build a system of smart shops, regulatory management and digital operations; service companies have over 2,000 users, with over 2 million access to surveillance routes.
Department, which provides services such as intellectual security, smart class, intelligent lighting, intelligent management, intelligent school; primary schools, teaching institutions, kindergartens, over 5,000 schools, over 3.2 million pupils and teachers, over 100 types of access equipment. 3) Clouds-community services to build/renovate districts, property companies, and provide cloud talk, cloud ban, cloud clouds.
Parking, cloud alerts, cloud visitors, cloud industry, cloud video, etc.; over 3,000 service community users and over 80,000 access to equipment, such as restricted doors. 4) Clouds - Logistics for logistics companies and businesses own logistics, rich material networking data and ai capabilities, for logistics parks, courier shops, delivery cabinets, logistics vehicles, etc.)
A variety of scenarios, such as warehouses, provide cloud services for digital operation and management; obtain approval from a number of logistics headlines. 5) Clouds-lite is a free and light application with a letter-in-bill vehicle that provides small and medium-sized enterprises with personnel management, door control, attendance management, video preview return, equipment management, etc.; and provides doors to 100,000 users throughout the country.
Services such as no-go, attendance, video, etc. Chart 79 Sea Concubine Products Centre ebg operations are based on the above core technology, focusing on value inputs, proposing value delivery methodology and enabling users
Delivery, value realization. Ongoing deep-cultivation energy metallurgy, business, financial services, education, health care, intelligent communities, etc. Land-based applications, enabling digital transformation of industries; e.g. digital upgrading of production management in the energy sector, upgrading of risk management capacity in the financial sector, support for educational information 2.0 landings, and promotion of site-wide data
Transforming. Setting up a value system for “pull management distance, increase operational efficiency, regulate operational behaviour, protect against security risks” and promoting the digitalization of the set of scenes. Figure 80ebg promotes the digitalization of the set of scenes.
4.2.3 What is the advantage of Heikang’s digitization in comparison with its competitors? Business’s digital transformation course is vast, and many players in the market are developing. The current Heikang is facing shocks from several categories of competitors, the first of which is leading companies in the ict field, such as Ali, Huaihu, Hudu, Peidu, etc.;
The second category is urban construction companies that spend more abroad in the field of digitalization, such as ge, Siemens; the third category is the one that is also based on the i-competitive, such as commercial soup, vision, cloudy, idiosyncratic, etc.; the fourth category is the trio-level industry that focuses on the dichotomy of industrial digital transformation, and the group that is beautiful.
In comparison with competitors, Heikang has a leading edge in video perception, dress system, downstream channels, industry understanding, and hardware and hardware integration:
1) Video Sensitization: The foundation of the digital transformation of an enterprise is first and foremost the ability to access external perception information, video perception, based on this core competitiveness, and the future accumulation of more electromagnetic spectrum frequency senses, which will provide a fully-informed data source for the digital transformation of clients.
In 20 years of development, Haikang has built up a complete marketing system in the market, combining products, system research and development, production, and full business access from the research and development end to the user end.
The company will address the more complex needs of its clients and create a larger operating system. 3) Downstream channels: downstream demand for digital transformations is widespread across industries, and demand for transformation solutions will be more diversified in the future.
Sinking and rapid response capacity is indispensable, with Haikang starting with the government and gradually expanding its business base, and the advantages of the past accumulated channels are expected to be demonstrated. (4) Industry understanding: When perception data are acquired, it needs to be combined with business data according to the characteristics of different industries.
Therefore, the company needs to continue to work with its clients, and to develop past models to make them more relevant and faster to land. To meet client needs, ebg covers a wide range of highly fragmented and fragmented industries, with operations in 150 countries worldwide. Based on the adapted research and development organization structure of Haikang, the company can be fielded in various industries, directly.
In-situ in-depth projects. By working with downstream enterprises for a long period of time, companies have accumulated deeper business interpretation and have been able to fully cover the scene as the client demands evolve. 5) Software and hardware integration: in the process of digital transformation, the industry characteristics of the project and customization programmes are much more demanding.
. In this dimension, a simple algorithm company has insufficient capacity to develop software, a small number of engineers are highly paid and cannot match sufficient personnel to help its clients dig demand, 10,000 product models, and continuously upgrade the basic and industry applications platform at the end of the software, through standard+customs
By using resources efficiently in the debris market and achieving economies of scale to reduce amortization costs. 4.3 smbg: Double power of the offline channel to capture the small and medium debris market smbg through direct sales, specializations, on-line operations, and many small and medium-sized enterprises in the field of pan-security.
The Internet, through dynamic video distributors, professional agents, 3c distributors, service agents, etc., caters to the needs of MSMEs terminals. Smbg is thin and widespread, with larger income elasticity, and in the first half of 2021 Smbg achieved operating income of $6,174 million (+105.80 per cent), accounting for 25.27 per cent of domestic business income.
Figure 82 smbg as a share of income of the business group. Figure 81 smbg as an operating income and growth of the industry.
User needs are dispersed, project particles are low, individual projects are small, and the overall number is large; however, security features determine that they are highly customized and therefore difficult to standardize fully, and operations are difficult to scale.
In the past, Heikang was faced with MSMEs clients who, on the one hand, met downstream customers through the previously accumulated standardized programme plus customized needs; on the other hand, accumulated new standard templates in the experience of expanding the small scenes. Now, he was transformed from a direct provider to a platform vendor, relying on a second-tier dealer, combined security.
Practitioners, third-party eco- and small and medium-sized enterprise users work together to create an open, shared, cooperative and win-win industrial Internet platform to address some of the fragmentation needs.
On the basis of its already existing strengths in the hardware and software class, Haikang has opened channels on and below the line in a standardized + customized model, horizontally integrated industrial products, vertically integrated whole-of-industry chains, opened through channels + product + scenario. With regard to the bottom-line layout, as of 2020, Hekangway has set up 32 provincial operations centres in the country.
Business decision-making and software customization development capability moved ahead, with over 300 city branches; with a wide range of multi-level partners covering a wide range of markets, working closely with more than 6,000 distributors, 10,000 integrated operators, 300,000 engineers, 400,000 installers, and more than 1,000 service providers worldwide.
In terms of online layout, the smbg online platform is based on industrial synergies, and the past marketing channels have shifted from direct to direct customers to direct to industry and workers. In 2021, smbg actively promoted online access to speed up the fight.
The two main platforms, the fb2b, are connected to the seacomb (b2c) and are further transformed from a direct-supply identity to a platform that builds a unique saas-based advantage based on the former seacomb Paas platform and promotes an increase in the number of customers online, truly reaching the needs of customers, empowering them b-ends, and serving smb clients.
The two main platforms, Haikang Clouds and Hykang Connect, are designed for b- and c-end customers, Haikang Clouds Interconnected with seacom's data-based and business-based platforms for b- (distributors, engineers, installers) and c-end (smb users). The two platforms are driven by each other to upgrade the entire channel.
Flow integration, eco-marketing. 1) Haikang Clouds, located at (f+b)2b, companies work together for a second-tier distributor, for engineers and installers.
As of 2019, Haek Conkung has downloaded more than 3 million copies, covering more than 400,000 defense practitioners. According to industry information, the current Haik Conk Chamber platform can live up to 15,000 daily, with 5 million online devices, and it is expected that more than 80% of first-tier distributors will be on board in the future.
Line and cloud traders platform to stimulate platform saas properties. 2) Seacon interconnectivity: position at b2c, i.e., former sea and condensed cloud tubes for smb users. As a cloud management tool, the application support engineer, installer, etc. efficiently completes business implementation and applies integration equipment
Management, application configuration, solutions, value-added services and content acquisition capabilities to provide one-stop-shop solutions, online interactions, content marketing and services to SME users. 4.4 Offshore operations absorb epidemic shocks, emerging or dominant markets
Overseas operations are another important part of Hae-Con's operating income, with Hei-Kang entering the overseas market in 2007 and making his first jump to the top of a & s global security list in 2016. As of 2020, Hei Con-Veh has set up 19 regional functional centres with 66 branches and State-owned marketing, service and research and development units.
Capacity, providing services to 155 countries and regions, with products including hardware and solutions. In 2019, Haikang was added to the list of United States entities, and while overseas operations were affected by the new coronary epidemic, the company’s earnings from overseas operations remained robust.
The second is that Hae-Kang's overseas operations account for less than domestic operations, especially in the United States, and that the list has a weaker impact on corporate income as a whole. In 2020, Hae-Shu now earns $17,697 million overseas, and in the first half of 2021 $9,467 million overseas, accounting for the total.
The share of revenue is 27.87 per cent and 27.92 per cent, respectively; by contrast, the share of China abroad has been higher, and has remained at around 40 per cent in recent years. Third, Haikang’s overseas operations have been adapted to local conditions, and the type and volume of projects delivered across countries have had a dispersive effect, with Haikang advancing well in new and emerging countries, such as South-East Asia, in urban-level projects.
In Europe, for example, products are distributed. With the gradual easing of the impact of the epidemic, and with the strong supply chain control capabilities previously demonstrated by Haikang, Heikang is expected to continue to promote pan-security operations in emerging markets abroad, leading to changes in charts 85 and China’s overseas income.
Figure 86 Haikang, the change in the share of overseas revenue in China5 expands innovative business with light as its axis, with significant synergies, and seacom innovation grew from the main industry, with high growth in innovation in the first three quarters of 2021.
Business income was $9.24 billion, an increase of 88.6 per cent, or about 16 per cent. Innovative business in Haikang, with light as its axis, consists mainly of three incubating directions: 1) Seakang technology-related (e.g., fluorescent networks, seacom robots, seacom cars electronics, seacom cars electronics, seacoats, etc.).
Seacom's original visual perception technology is used in the area of disaggregation. Security operations are at the end of the spectrum, with the perception of the visible field becoming more mature, and seacom continues to develop other optical opportunities, mainly light. The fluorescent network locates families, captures c-side security opportunities, and expands the home ecology by cutting cameras.
It's mostly in the industrial visual field and in the agv robotic field. Haikang's electronics are visual-based, dynamic, front-loaded and back-loaded visual products, and are gradually extended to other senses. Hyconomical medicine relies on visual support, enters the medical education field, and gradually expands to the surgical scene.
(2) Sharing of customer resources (e.g., Haikang Wikwok, Haikang Fire Protection, and Security Clients Reuse).
3) Upstream/downstream synergies (e.g., seacomb microfilm, seacomb intellectual storage, reflecting upstream/downstream synergy). In this, seacomb microfilm is based on infrared spectroscopy, where profits are growing significantly in the context of the epidemic, and gradually expands to other optical idm models. Seacom intelligence storage is based on safe storage needs, and stores its own stored products.
Innovative business is growing rapidly, and it is expected to grow into another pillar of Haikang in the next 10 years, rising to half. In 2022, Amino is expected to be on the market, robotics are expected to be on the market, and the rest of the innovation is expected to be on the market, and the value recognition of innovation is expected to rise further in the future.
In addition, Heikang uses innovative business to operate a subsidiary, with a consistent equity structure, 60 per cent controlled by Heikang and 40 per cent by employees (40 per cent divided into two parts, of which 32 per cent are planned as a plan, 8 per cent as plan b, with only the staff of each innovative operation as a follow-up plan);
The model of participation is to give employees a new share each year, each with a specific share according to certain conditions and a certain price. Under a broad, time-limited equity incentive policy, the confidence of employees is further boosted to promote innovation in business and parent companies.
Diagram 87 Sea Conway Viewing Innovative Business Matrix 1) misperceptions about seacom's location.
Large hardware products, combined with industry's understanding of increasing software capabilities, unifying open perceptions, data, and platforms, will always be smart companies that integrate soft and hard edges in the future. (2) Underestimation of downstream market space
We believe that the existing market in Haikang is no longer confined to mere security, and that its products and solutions have been extended to the pan-security-related domain. With the corporate-ai open platform upgraded again, market space has become wider, driven by the advantages of algorithmic capabilities and hardware, and new opportunities such as the construction of intelligent cities, digital transformation terminals, and lines.
Upwards will create a new growth curve for Haikang. 3) Supply chain control capabilities that cannot be ignored. We believe that markets have supply chain controls for seacom, and cost controls are neglected.
The performance of Haikang and related enterprises during the period showed that Haikang had a strong supply chain control capability, a well-developed system of suppliers, and that it was accompanied by an enhanced capacity to gradually reduce its dependence on external supply, and therefore profit margins have been uniquely forward-looking models of incubation of innovative business over the years.
Heikang is forward-looking in incubating the layout of innovative business, almost all of which are related to the main business without duplication, making full use of the main business technologies, customers, and industrial advantages. In addition, corporate capital invests in the upper sector, which will further enrich the list of suppliers, improve the ability to organize the industrial chain, and drive the industrial company and Haikang.
Heaconway is a video-centred smartness network solution and big data service provider, which focuses on smartness networking, big data services and smart business, builds open cooperative ecology, provides services in the public service sector for households, business users, small and medium-sized enterprise users and c-end customers, and provides soft and hard integration, cloud-side integration.
Intelligent goods networking products and services, which provide products and services for large data platforms that integrate, multi-intelligent, and are dedicated to building intelligent cities and digital enterprises that integrate cloud edges, multi-intelligence, multi-intellectual integration; expanding intelligent homes, mobile robots and machine visions, auto electrons, intellectual storage, infrared thermal imaging, smart fire protection, intelligence security,
Innovative business such as smart medicine. With the growing clarity of the trend towards the digitization of industries and firms in the 14th century, ebg and smbg have become the second growth curve of Haikang, while a well-established system of equity incentives, based on light, has driven the continued expansion and growth of innovative business and has charted a promising third growth.
In the process of increasing urbanization, g-side security needs have increased, and companies have grown faster than gdp in the past.
Since 2021, pbg has opened up new business opportunities from the perspective of building smart cities, and in the distribution of the Pan-Advanced City Project, innovative integration projects are gradually replacing the traditional security projects of the past. The urban brain, the digital government, the digital twin, the community of the wise, the city of the wise, etc., will fill in the project collection of projects such as the Snow of Peace and Light.
We expect to generate $18,489 million, $20,153 million, $21,765 million in business income for 21-23 years, respectively. Key scenario 2: ebg operations, which cover areas such as intelligent architecture, human rights, energy metallurgy, business enterprises, and gold-mining services, which have benefited from the acceleration of the digital transformation of enterprises, the reduction of efficiency gains, machine-to-man changes, etc.
Ebg’s business growth is strong. Ebg builds digital solutions based on “ai engineering + low-code engine + multi-dimensional perception + digital world ui” and uses the combination of smarts and letters to drive industry’s digital transformation. Compared to competitors, the Haikang digital transformation program is video perception, marketing system, downstream channels, industry understanding, and soft.
We believe that the digitalization of ebg, driven by national circumstances and policies, has just begun, with business revenues projected at $192.36,24.718 million for ebg in 21-23 years.
Many small and medium-sized enterprise industries use the Internet to meet the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) through dynamic video distributors, professional agents, 3c distributors, service agents, etc. Haikang, based on its already existing strengths in software and hardware class, opens the line and the line in a standardized and customized model, horizontally integrates the products of industries and vertically integrates the whole product.
Business chains, opening the market space through channels plus products plus scenes. By accelerating the construction of the two main platforms, the Sea Concords (fb2b) and Sea Concords (b2c), direct supply identities are further transformed into platforms, building a unique saas edge based on the Paas platform in the Sea Conn. We expect revenue from operations in 21-23 years for smbg, respectively.
Key assumption 4: Overseas operations, the organization of companies abroad, a country-by-country approach, are moving faster in emerging countries, and in advanced countries such as Europe and the United States, are dominated by steady growth. We believe that the strong supply chain control capabilities demonstrated by Haikang during the Epidemic and Entity List constraints, as well as a robust forward-looking approach, are essential.
Globalized layout, estimated overseas revenues in 21-23 years are 22,656 million yuan/26,187 million yuan/30,384 million, respectively, based on the company's access to security, products, size advantages and the company's retention of an input advantage of around 10 per cent per year.
Power. The company had previously guaranteed a growth target of 15% per year in equity incentives, while the company ' s main product based on its competitiveness covered hardware and software products and was delivered in a solution-oriented manner, with security, artificial intelligence, material networking, etc., so that we chose large shares in security operations, a focus on voice-type artificial intelligence.
1) Uncertainties arising from the changing global situation 2) The development of artificial intelligence technology is not as advanced as expected 3) The systemic risks associated with changes in supply chains
(4) Domestic economic development is not as predictable as expected, using legally compliant information, and the data and information used in this report are presented independently and objectively from open market information, without any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, and without any change in the information and advice contained therein.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.