The q3 guide is significantly higher than expected: the performance update forecast for the first three quarters of 2018, the net return profit achieved in the first three quarters, the success rate for the new product rapidly upped, and the performance of the q3 was significantly higher than expected.
q3 single-quarter net profit of $74-850 million, an increase of 86-113 per cent over the same period, significantly exceeding the expectations of the city, mainly as a result of: 1) large clients ' shipments met expectations, company o3 began to import new items such as the ecstatic antenna, wireless chargers, linear motors, etc., and we judged the speed of the climb of the company's new products.
Rapidly, the rate of improvement is higher than expected; 2) production is more efficient with the increased share of acoustic products in the new machines of large clients, and the scale effect is apparent; 3) o3 RMB continues to depreciate and the trend towards improved profitability in exchange rates and Māori is expected to continue in the future.
At the end of October, we judged that the company’s higher-than-expected improvement in profit margins would continue in q4. At the same time, both the company’s roe and net interest rates have been evaluated accordingly, and we believe that efficiency gains are becoming apparent as sophisticated internal automation continues to progress.
At present, profitability will continue to improve in the future.  High year-round performance growth, with a strong consumer e-head with core competitiveness, is consistently strong. q3’s high-performance expectations also reflect, to some extent, that large clients are delivering as expected, and q4 as one.
In the middle of the year, where consumer electronics are the best season, and where improved profitability has led to greater elasticity of performance throughout the year, recent markets have become more concerned about trade wars and shifts in consumer electronics industries, we believe that, on the one hand, the responsive and highly flexible nature of domestic supply chains is best suited to consumer electronics, and, on the other hand, we believe that there is a need for a more flexible approach to consumer electronics.
1 “Standing Up” (002475): Even if there is a shift in some industries, consumption power with core competitiveness, which is represented by a move in the field, the transfer of fpc from the Pearl Sea will create a double.
Subheadings will also play a leading role in achieving sustained high growth with strong executive and managerial capacity. Winners are expected to grow faster over the last two years in the Division, and the recent adjustment of the 18-year valuation is already very good.
3 “Standing Stewardship” (002475): full power and maintenance of sophisticated manufacturing platforms.