High revenue growth, full power to consume electronics, communications, motors, hardware and equipment, high profit growth in information technology technology, full power to consume electronics, communications, motors, etc.
Events: Three-quarterly reports, with companies achieving revenue of $22,113 million in the first three quarters, a rapid increase in profits in the same three quarters, a rise in net interest rates relative to the same ring, and a sustained increase in profitability. Three-quarters, $10,105 million in operating income, a rise in the same/ring.
80.08 per cent and 52.6 per cent, with net profits of 860 million yuan achieved in the third quarter, which is an increase in the same/ring ratio, based on precision manufacturing capacity, which continues to grow out of product categories and against the market; the company spends 801 million yuan on R & D in the third quarter of the company and continues to invest more in R & D.
Accurate automated manufacturing capacity continues to improve, efficiency gains are evident, and profits are stable - 002475-a-quarter reports - loss of currency - sustained growth in R & D inputs, fixed assets, construction progress in an orderly manner, laying the foundation for future growth
Quarter performance, consumer electronic multi-line flowering. R & D inputs are a first indicator of company growth, and the first three quarters of the company's R & D cost inputs lead to long-term growth - 20180425.
The Department's investment in research and development has been increasing and has grown into an intellectual research and development company. The fixed assets of $8,908 million, the lop antennas, wireless chargers, motors, acoustics, etc., have continued to expand their production capacity, showing a healthy asset-liability ratio and a low risk of pledge by major shareholders.
If the major shareholders buy the e-assets of the cars under the flag of the efu and the viewing cameras under the flag of Taiwan, the overall pledge rate will be low, there will be plenty of room for the alert line and the silo line, and the new products of the consumer e-business will be expanded, good rates will increase rapidly, and major profits will be generated.
During the reporting period, the company made great strides in audio science, motors, wireless chargers, and icp antennas. In acoustics, it became the main supplier of Appleiphonexr, and in the airpod, the rate of improvement: in linear motors, the rate has risen to the desired level: wireless charging has become the desired level.
Apple's exclusive supplier: the icp antenna solved all technical problems in August and started to produce in bulk. New products were released in the second half of the year, guaranteeing q4 and next year's performance.
High revenue margins, full power of electronics, telecommunications, automobiles, etc. In the case of base stations and filters, there has been a significant gain of 5g from the lurking period to the long term. In the case of light power, 400g products have been supplied in small quantities.
Year-round performance is optimistic, and future growth paths are clear. Companies disclose a total year-round performance of 2018, with options of $51.5 million, and 80 million assets from a win-win fpc factory in Pearl Sea.
Impairment losses and higher real net profits. Companies, based on sophisticated manufacturing capacity, reduce “old customers,” new products; old products, new customers, new markets” strategies, consumer electronics, new products such as motors, wireless chargers, lop antennas, communications and car electronic collars
In the future, the Institute will continue to grow robustly.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.