Three-quarterly performance rating for 2018 (first) Multi-level precision manufacturing platform to maintain high performance growth throughout the year
Events: The company released its tri-quarters report for 2018. The company collected $22.131 billion in the first three quarters.
The net return to the mother of $831 million in the single quarter of the quarter was higher by 113.19 per cent on the same year, exceeding the second quarter of the year, s0340188060023 and so on. We believe that there are two main factors contributing to the improvement in performance, the first being a new product from a large client's mobile phone.
Steady, two new iphones have been marketed better than in the same period last year; and second, new products such as the lcp antenna, wireless chargers, electro-models, linear motors, etc., have been able to climb smoothly and are now in the production phase, with a marked improvement in the turnover of assets and an improvement in product excellence, adding dynamic energy to the growth of corporate performance.
Profitability has remained stable and cost controls have improved. The company ' s Māori rate has remained stable in recent years, and the impact of rising and new imports has resulted in a Māori rate of 19.70 per cent in the first half of the year, which is 2.1 percentage points lower than in the same period last year; however, continued advances in precision automation technology have led to a smooth climb of new products, with the company on board.
(a) The Māori rate improved markedly in the third quarter, with a single-quarter Māori rate of 21.95 per cent, the same level as last year;
The cost of R & D is shown separately and the management cost in terms of the original statistical calibre is 10.16 per cent, a slight decrease from the same period last year. In addition, companies continue to add codes to their R & D inputs, and in the third quarter they build multiple sophisticated manufacturing platforms, with a comprehensive layout that will contribute to future development.
In the fourth quarter, iphonexr’s delivery is expected to further enhance corporate performance, while communications and automobile operations are expected to continue at a high rate.
In response, the company expects to achieve a recommended rating for the first time in 2018 for its return coverage. The company has a strong platform integration capacity, is increasingly linked to large clients, and high-value-added operations, such as communications, cars, are moving fast and are looking forward to future development.
In addition, the company’s current valuation has reached the bottom of its history. So, for the first time, it covers the recommended rating.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.