Loans grew at an all-time high, with a steady drop in negative indicators: on the evening of 28 March, the PBRD disclosed its 2023 financial report: operating income in 2023 PBN (601658)
In late 2023, Xiaohui Xiaohui bank loans totalled $8.15 trillion, a 13 per cent increase, up from an all-time high.
Corporate loans totalled $3.21 trillion, an increase of 20.42 per cent over the previous year, mainly in the priority areas of advanced manufacturing, strategic and emerging industries, specialized and new industries, inclusive finance, and green finance, while at the same time increasing the volume of micro-finance services; at the retail level, the total amount of personal loans from the PSB totalled 4.47 trillion at the end of 2023
The same growth rate of 10.5% was achieved for consumer loans, microloans, credit cards. Small loans grew by 22.6% compared to the previous year, rising by more than 20% in four consecutive years, mainly in the form of loans.
Redevelopment of rural areas by the Post Office over the years, systematization and differentiation to meet the financial needs of farmers; credit cards increased by 20.3 per cent over the same period, mainly to strengthen clients in the context of the reform of credit card mechanisms by the Post Office
In the three agricultural areas, the Postal Bank responded positively to the rural sector.
By the end of 2023, the net balance was 2.01%, leading six major lines. Interest income was $28.8 billion, an increase of 3% from the previous year.
After a one-time factor in the transformation of net-valued products, net revenue from processing fees increased by 12.05 per cent over the same period, increasing profits at a higher rate. Of this amount, agent handling fees earned $20.86 billion, or 24.16 per cent over the same period.
Retail customers aum alum ar23 trillion, an increase of 9.65% compared to the increase of q3. Savings agent rates fall again and costs fall further. In 2023, operating expenses were accounted for.
The savings agent fee was $114.9 billion, an increase from 2022, mainly due to a decrease of 18bp per year as the agent's network absorbed deposits. The post's passive adjustment of the deposit agent fee slotting rate in 2022 resulted in some cost savings and future savings agent rates as the interest rate on bank deposits was lowered.
Looking to continue to decline and reduce the pressure on its costs. A strong asset build-up, with sustained asset quality excellence, has a negative rate compared to 1 bp down at the end of the previous year, with capital indicators rising from the end of q3.
At the end of 2023, the Postal Bank had a poor rate of 0.83%, and the net profit growth ring had improved. The quality of the assets was continuous, down from 1 bp at the end of the year, with mortgages, consumer loans, credit card failures.
At 0.85 per cent, at the same level as at the end of the previous year, the coverage of the provision fell slightly to 347.6 per cent compared to the end of q3, with a steady decline in the negative indicators. As at the end of 2023, the core-level capital adequacy rate under the Standard Law of the Postal Bank, the Sinda Securities Company Limited, had been reduced.
I don't know, cinda securitiesco. ltd House No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing.
Improved storage capacity. Bad rates are evener than at the end of q3, asset quality as a whole is robust, risk offsets are adequate, and we expect net profit gains from the company from 2024 to 2026 to grow at a rate of 5:q4 single-quarter net interest income (billion yuan)
Figure 6: q4 single-quarter net revenue growth (million yuan) Figure 7: q4 single-season net profit increase (billion yuan) slightly down from q3 at the end of q3
Figure 10: Poor rates as compared to the end of the previous year (millions of yuan) Figure 11: Declining trend in provision coverage Figure 12: slight recovery in capital adequacy at the core level
It covers mainly the banking sector, including listed banking investment logic, finance industry and finance, asset liabilities, wind control, external environment, etc.
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the financial sector.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.