Larger shares (600160.sh) Refrigerant Association and export prices have risen and companies have grown significantly over the last four quarters.
Basic Chemical & Chemical Products & Investment Ratings: Better than Major Markets (Maintenance) National Cadastre Views: 1) Downstream demand such as domestic air conditioning is growing rapidly, supply is subject to quotas, and company refrigerant product prices are realized in 2024
(b) Non-refrigerant chemical products such as fluoropolymer in 2024 show an overall “weak demand and supply” pattern, with high competition leading to downside prices, with an expected improvement in the supply and demand structure in 2025; and (c) the company will establish a refrigerant marketing centre to be responsible for the marketing of the company's entire range of refrigerant products in order to effectively leverage the company's refrigerant intensive operating effects and consolidate the company's market leadership in refrigerant products.
Investment proposals: The company, as the leader of the fluorine industry, has a well-structured, well-costed and well-equipped industrial chain. In the case of the fluorine industry, the company’s refrigerant quota is the highest in the country and will benefit directly from a long-term increase in the temperature of the refrigerant. In the case of the fluorine chemical and fluorine materials industry, the fluorine product is unique in its properties as the living standards of our people improve and the strategic and emerging industries develop rapidly.
Applications and market space are expanding and demand is growing steadily each year. Given the company’s own endogenous benefits, the company has continued to increase the price of CFC, advanced chemical materials development, high-end extension of the industrial chain, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, continued optimization of the industrial structure and product structure, and increased core competitiveness and competitive position.
The net return to the mother is $573-767 million. The increase in the net return to the company is mainly related to the company’s outward sales of refrigerant products and price upswings, with an increase in the income from the main business and the Māori rate of the product. Downstream demand, such as domestic air conditioners, is growing rapidly, supply is subject to quotas, and the company’s refrigerant product was up in 2024.
In 2024, the domestic CIF market began to turn back in August, spurred by the State Replenishment Policy, and entered the end-of-the-quarter phase of the bailout; offshore markets were affected by the high summer temperatures in Europe and the United States, the continuing demand for offshore refills, the United States interest-rate-stimulating consumption, emerging markets, and especially South-East Asia and Latin America, with a rapid increase in domestic AC sales in 2024. The first half of the year was expected to be off-loaded by the State Replenishment in 2025.
There is still room for growth in goods; exports will continue the previous growth momentum. According to the industry online report on domestic air-conditioning discharges, 7,240,000 domestic air-conditioning products were sold in January 2025, i.e. 1.1 per cent of the year; 6,690,000 in February, i.e. + 10.2 per cent of the year; 13.9 million in March, i.e. + 12.5 per cent of the year. 9.9 million domestic air-conditioning exports, i.e. 10.1 per cent of the year, were exported in January 2025; 7.71 million in February, i.e., + 23.3 per cent of the year.
11.8 million units, equivalent to +10.0 per cent. On 16 December 2024, the Ministry of Eco-Environment issued the Bulletin on the Distribution of Production, Use and Imported Substances of Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer and Hydrofluorocarbons for 2025, of which R22 had a production quota of 149,000 tons, compliance had been reduced by 31,400 tons, or 18 per cent; and the Eastern Group had a production quota.
A total of 43.39 million tons, or 29.46 per cent of the total; 25.3 million tons in megashares, or 31.28 per cent of the total. R32 production quota, 28.03 million tons, or 7401 tons; r143a production quota, 4.73 million tons, or 1781 tons. We believe that the seriousness of the refrigerant quota policy will continue and that, in the context of long-term constraints on supply, we see a continuation of the long-term landscape of refrigerant products, which is expected to benefit from the larger enterprises.
Figure 5: Three generation R125 production quotas for refrigerants. With the recovery in the price of refrigerant products, the share of the company ' s refrigerant business in the main business structure and profit structure increased significantly, from 2023
In 2024, non-refrigerant chemical products, such as fluoropolymers, showed an overall “weak supply and demand” pattern, with high competition leading to a downward price, and it is expected that the supply and demand structure of the four major fluoropolymers, ptfe, pvdf, fep, fkm, will improve in 2025.
As a result, the sale of fluorinated polymers by companies in 2024 increased on a quarterly basis, but the prices went down on a seasonal basis, accelerating the industrial transformation of supply-side policies for corporate income, industry, and the replacement of high-end products in the long run; however, there was no growth in core demand in the short term, mainly for contract orders and purchases; as of 22 January 2025, the price of suspended particles was $37,000-40 million/tonne.
On the other hand, supply-side performance was abundant, domestic production was inefficient and new production was still being released, and there was no change in supply oversupply status, but firms were forced to shift the cost pressure to the terminal because of rising prices of upstream raw materials and long-term losses in production; as of 22 January 2025, paint was on the 22nd day, the faep crowding market was close to 4.7-50 million yuan per ton. In the long run, the East-West count helped to upgrade fibre optics.
The specifications and requirements of the on-site network are expected to be upgraded, and the future demand outlook remains broad as an ideal material for power line cable insulation and protection. Figure 9: fluoropolymer sales of mega-stocks and changes in ring ratios (right axis) Figure 10: fluoropolymer prices and changes in ring ratios of mega-stocks (right axis)
The company will establish a Refrigerant Marketing Centre, which will be responsible for the marketing of the company ' s entire range of refrigerant products and for the effective use of the company ' s refrigerant portfolio, in accordance with the company ' s Bulletin of Decisions of the Board of Directors at its Nineth Thirteenth (Media of Communications) Session, issued on 20 January 2025, to effectively leverage the company ' s refrigerant portfolio and consolidate the company ' s market leadership in refrigerant products, in order to meet the market operating needs of the HFC quota system,
The Board agreed that the company would establish a refrigerant marketing centre as a business arm of the company, which would be responsible for the marketing of the company's entire range of refrigerant products (including its controlling subsidiary). The company was authorized to set up specific programmes and organize their implementation. We believe that as the company establishes a refrigerant sales department, or increases the direct sales ratio of the company's refrigerant products, it would raise the level of Māori sales and net interest rates.
The price differentials for the dominant refrigerant varieties have continued to rise, depending on the long-term landscape of the refrigerants As at 20 January, the price difference was R.32 at a rate of $42,000 per ton/34260 per ton, compared with 2 per cent per to 28 per cent at the beginning of January, R22 at a price of 2 per cent per ton per ton compared to 33 per cent at the beginning of January, and R134a at a price difference of $44,000 per ton and $34386 per ton per ton compared to 2 per to 19 per cent at the beginning of January;
r152a price difference of 23,000 yuan per ton / $104335 per ton compared to + 21 per cent per ton at the beginning of January; r143a price difference of 43,000 yuan/t$314336 per ton compared to + 21 per to 32 per cent at the beginning of January respectively.
Figure 14: Prices and price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r134a (RM/t) Figure 19: Monthly average export volumes and export prices of r134a (right axis)
See, the company’s refrigerant quota is the first in the country and will benefit directly from a long-term increase in the temperature of the refrigerant. From the fluorine chemical and fluorinated materials industry, as the living standards of the country’s people improve and the strategic and emerging industries develop rapidly, the fluorine industry’s products are growing with their unique properties, applications and market space, and demand is growing steadily.
Development, high-end extension of industrial chains, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, continued optimization of industrial structures, product structure, weak core competition, weak demand for fluorinated workers, insufficient progress in project delivery, sharp drops in product prices, etc. Giant shares (600160.sh) - three generation refrigerant quotas tightened and product prices increased significantly - 2024-08-23
Megashares (600160.sh) - Consolidation of the status of the fluorinated giant, leading the refrigerant industry to regenerate - The author assures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.