The refrigerant industry has reached its upper cycle, the fluorine leader sails, the domestic fluorinated industry leads, and there is a clear advantage in the integration of the industrial chain. Companies are the only ones in the country.
Basic Chemical Enterprises 1 to 4 Generations of Fluorine Refrigerants Series. Second Generation Refrigerant Production Quotas 2024
A total of 47,467 tons, or 22 per cent of the national production quota, and a domestic production quota of 35005 tons, or 27 per cent of the national domestic production quota; and a three-generation refrigerant production quota and a quota for the production of the main monolithic species
In the first place (with a much higher rate of occupancy than in other enterprises); at present, the country has two main product production units, with a capacity of about 8,000 tonnes per year, that are industrialized using proprietary technologies.
The three-generation refrigerant quota programme is officially in place. The company ' s refrigerant business is gaining momentum, based on the opportunity to develop a complete industrial chain of new chlorofluorocarbon-based materials, including fluoropolymer, fluorochemicals, fluorinated fine chemicals, chlor-alkali-specific new materials, etc.
Ministry of Ecology and Environment, Circular on the Production, Use and Import Quotas for the Production of ODS and Hydrofluorocarbons in 2025, 12 mtha share of the price range. The total amount of the three generation refrigerant production quota in 2025 was 79.19 million.
Tons, with an internal production quota of 3896 million tonnes. Larger shares have a three-generation refrigerant production quota, with an increase in total annual quotas and shares. We believe that the company's shares in the future three-generation refrigerant market have been compared to 300 in the last year.
The advantages of the medium production quota are evident, with the industry warming, the company’s profitability is expected to expand, and high-value-added fluorinated materials continue to grow. Product lines continue to expand: 100 kt/a polyvinyl chloride high-performance barrier materials project in 2023 (part II, paragraph a),
Synthetic ammonia feedstock routes and energy-efficient technology adaptation projects, 120,000 tonnes/year organool expansion projects, 7,000t/afkm, 30kt/a refrigeration plants abroad, etc. Decision implementation New 10,000t/a high-quality molten fluorable resins and accompanying projects, 44kt/a high-end fluorinated polymers
Project a, 40kt/atfe, 500 tonnes/year per perfluorosulfonate resin project, 250 tonnes/year project 20kt/a polyvinyl chloride high performance barrier materials project, etc. A new package of high-performance chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) is expected to be launched in the future with the release of product line capacity.
The three-generation refrigerant quota programme is officially in place, and the industry landscape is opening up; high-end fluorinated materials are in high demand, companies are about to release a wide range of high-value-added products, and future profitability is expected
Momentum: projects under construction are not progressing as expected. 1 Fluorine industry champions, with the advantages of size and integration highlighted by 1.1 leading fluorinated industry champions in the country
Zhejiang Giant Co. Ltd. is the leading domestic fluorinated industry, an advanced manufacturing base for new chlor-alkali chemicals, a major business in basic chemical materials, food packaging materials, and the development, production and sale of fluorinated materials and subsequent products.
Industrial self-conforming systems for fluorinated industries such as sulfate, coal, basic fluorinated, and so on, resulting in complete fluorinated industries including basic raw materials, fluorine refrigerants, organic fluorinated monomers, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, etc.
The fluorinated industry, the fluorinated refrigerant company, is in the forefront of the world and is a national brand.
Quotas for production of HFC-22 are second in the country (of which Quotas for Internal Use are first): Quotas for production of HFC-3 and for production of the dominant single species are first in place (the rate is much higher than for other enterprises): market share of company blended small packaging refrigerants
The company is the first in the world. The company is a domestic company that uses its own technology to industrialize HFC-IV. It owns two main product production units with an annual capacity of about 8,000 tons, and delivers it for many years. In addition, the company has a capacity of 35,000 tons of hydrocarbon refrigerant, which can be used as a company's current product.
The company’s fluorine polymers are in the lead domestically. hfp, ptfe, faep, fkm are in the lead industry.
With steady growth in comparison and successful entry into the lithium headlines supply chain, the industry has grown steadily. With the introduction of the company ' s fluorine series of technology modifications and new projects, it is expected that the future company ' s fluorine polymers project will continue to grow rapidly, further laying the ground for domestic leadership.
The chlor-alkali industry has established a fluorinated industry, a chlor-alkali strategy, a transition from basic chlor-alkali to fluorinated industry packages and new chlor-alkali materials dominated by pvdc.
Trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene, methane chloride, and vdc production are world leaders. vdc, pvdc, the industry, has the highest capacity in the world, with products gradually diversified, high-end, finalized, domestic market holding, and combined competitiveness at the top of the country.
The company ' s coalified industrial products, mainly liquid ammonia, methanol, etc., are essential raw materials to support the company ' s fluorinated industrial development and now possess 350,000 tonnes/year of total ammonia production, 100,000 tonnes/year of methanol, 100,000 tonnes/year of carbon dioxide, 16,000 tonnes/year of liquid nitrogen, 350,000 tonnes/year
The company is the only synthetic ammonia and methanol production company in Zhejiang province, the company's liquid ammonia production area.
Local market demand has stabilized, regularized sales have been extended to Zhebei and coastal areas, and the Zhejiang market continues to have a voice and branding influence. The company ' s petrochemical operations currently produce 100,000 tonnes/year n.propanol, 45,000 tonnes/year a.i.
ethanol, 110,000/year tonnes of cyclohexone, 60,000/year of ketamine, 150,000/year of oxyamide, 240,000/year of ammonium sulfide, 75,000/year of epoxy-chloropropane.
The company has three major production bases, all located in Zhejiang, where the county production base is the company’s main production base. Zhejiang is the country’s vast resource area, based on the mineral resources of the Ministry of Natural Resources.
National Mineral Resources Storage Table 2022, published in May 2023 by the Directorate-General of Care and Supervision. Zhejiang Province has identified 10,254.5 million flint deposits (calcium fluoride) in 2022.
Tens of thousands of tons (calcium fluorine) and 21 mines. Companies have good resources for the development of fluorinated industries.
As of the third quarter of 2024, they held 53.43% of the shares of the company, with a stable equity structure. The company held 35.2% of the shares of the company ' s various subsidiaries.
1.2 The annual rise in corporate revenue will result in a higher level of profitability - $5,983 million, or 28.97 per cent. The fluorinated polymers business has grown significantly, the fluorinated-value-added products of the Division are in production, and the fluorinated materials business collection is expected to increase further.
The company ' s overall Māori rate is stable, with greater volatility in the breakdown of business Māori, with higher Māori levels in fluorinated fine chemicals and basic chemical products, both remaining above 30% in 2022. Māori rates in refrigerant and fluorinated raw materials are more volatile.
Largely, in 2020, affected by low downstream demand, Māori rates for both operations have advanced in the development of industrial chain integration, and Māori volatility is expected to level off across operations. There has been a significant increase in sales of company-owned products compared to 2017.
In the first year of the base period, in order to compete for future production quotas, enterprises increased their sales of three generations of refrigerants at an average price of 136,000 yuan per ton in 2020, with an increase of three generations of refrigerants, and with a return to rationality in the supply and demand of the market,
Average prices of company refrigerant sales have also returned to normal levels in previous years. Figure 11: Sales of fluorinated fine chemicals, Figure 12: Basic chemical products and other sales
Figure 13: Average price of company block sales (millions/tons) 2.3 generations of refrigerants into quota age, industry up-to-date 2.1 environmental policy drivers and refrigerants facing replacement
Refrigerants, also known as refrigerants, refrigerants, refrigerants, snow species, which are working substances that are recycled in the refrigeration system and are cooled through their own changes in state. Refrigerants vaporize by absorbing heat from the cooling medium (water or air, etc.),
The heat is passed to the surrounding air or water in the condenser and condensed. Fluorine has good heat performance, is widely applied in the consumer domain of refrigerators, household air conditioning, car air conditioning, etc., and dominates the refrigerant market.
Environmentally sound assessments of ozone depletion potentials (ODPs) and gwp values (GWPs) can be broadly divided into four categories according to the use process. Indicator baseline: 1 unit at r11 odp and 1 unit at gwp CO2.
Third generation HFC refrigerants are hfcs (HFAs) with main varieties of hfc-134a, hfc-125, hfc-32 and blended refrigerants (e.g. r410a with:1 with: hfc-125 and hfc-32). hfcs has an odp value of zero for the ozone layer.
However, hfcs are a greenhouse gas and have been listed by the Kyoto Protocol as one of the six greenhouse gases to be controlled. Although hfcs currently account for only about 2% of the global total of greenhouse gases, it is not likely to be the same.
However, the high gwp values of some hfcs, the rapid growth in global hfcs consumption with the phasing out of ods such as cfcs, hcfcs, etc., and the increasing emissions of hfcs, which would have greater global warming risks, have been of great concern to the international community.
Legislation and measures in place to control F-gases, including phase-out or reduction of specific high gwp hfcs for specific uses into quota age for the use of 2.2 generations of refrigerant production, have been introduced in the EU, USA, etc.
The Kigali Amendment was adopted on 15 October 2016 in Kigali, Rwanda, to bring hydrofluorocarbons (hfcs) under the control of the Montreal Protocol.
The Chinese Government accepts the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer. The amendment will enter into force for China on 15 September 2021 (not applicable to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China for the time being).
67.5 per cent and 73.2 per cent of the baseline level for the phase-out of production and use of controlled uses of hcfcs (average annual production and use of controlled uses in our country, in units of ozone-depletion potential, 2009-2010) respectively.
97.5%, or 2.5%, of the reserve is used to meet the demand for servicing and other uses. For HFCs, China needs to freeze production and use of HFCs at baseline levels in 2024 (i.e., annual average of HFCs plus HCFCs in 2020-2022).
In addition to the reduction process provided for in the Kigali Amendment, several countries, such as Europe and the United States, have enacted national legislation to accelerate the reduction of hfcs-type refrigerants.
U.S. EPA Final Act on F-gases: 2024 prohibits the use of r134a/r410a in cold water machines and the use of r404a/407 as refrigerant in January 2023.
1234yf Refrigerants Substitution of r134a Refrigerants r134a has been banned in 2017 for new vehicle air-conditioning systems in vans and light trucks Japan F-gas Amendment: High gwp Refrigant Ban since 2018
2.3 Refrigerant demand is stable and prices are moving up the road, and the three main areas of application for domestic refrigerant downstream are air conditioners, refrigerators, cars, of which r32 is used mainly for air conditioners refrigeration, with a consumption ratio of 70 per cent, followed by blending.
Refrigerants accounted for 30 per cent; r125 was used mainly for blending refrigerants, which accounted for 70 per cent of total consumption; r134a was one of the currently dominant car refrigerants.
The market accounted for the largest share of the market, 78 per cent. According to the National Statistical Office, China ' s air-conditioning production in 2023 was 25,887,600, an increase of 12.77 per cent over the previous year, and the national production of 9,942.25 million refrigerators in mid-2023, a rise in the same year.
14.75%. Although the air conditioner and refrigerator industries in our country have passed the stage of rapid expansion of demand, the existing stock market is large and, after a long period of use of refrigeration equipment, there are situations in which refrigerants are insufficient to affect the effect of refrigeration, which requires refrigeration.
The system is replaced or replaced with refrigerants. We believe that the future refrigeration maintenance market will contribute to an additional demand increase. Figure 17: Domestic domestic refrigerator production and acceleration (million)
Thanks, inter alia, to the growth in the sale of new energy vehicles, in 2022 the country registered an annual increase of 3.57 to 2.74 million vehicles and an output of 2023 to 3.01 million vehicles, which is expected to sustain the growth and future demand for refrigerants for vehicles is expected to increase.
According to the latest industry online production report: 13.7 million domestic air conditioners were sold in March 2025, an increase of 11.4 per cent over last year ' s performance; 1,387 million were sold in April, an increase of 12.8 per cent over the same period; 14.5 million were sold in May, an increase over the same period.
Intra-air-conditioning production began to grow in March, and is expected to be effective during the season. For export-related production, 11 million domestic-air-conditioning units were produced in March 2025, an increase of 9.2% over last year’s export performance for the same period; for export-related production in April.
10.4 million, an increase of 5.7 per cent in the same year; 9.73 million exports in May, an increase of 7.2 per cent in the same year, in regions with low air-conditioning penetration rates abroad, where demand has grown significantly, with the impetus of global warming and economic recovery, giving more room for market growth; and in 2025,
Exports will continue to be an important driver of growth. In 2024, the country implemented a large-scale policy of switching consumer goods to old ones, subsidizing consumer goods such as automobiles, home appliances, etc., and the need for domestic domestic air conditioning to upgrade the country’s air conditioners.
In January 2025, the Joint Department of Finance issued a report on the implementation of large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer goods in 2025.
The New Policy Notification, building on the policies issued in 2024, has led to an era of 2.4 quotas, with three generations of refrigerant prices rising steadily, with lower downstream demand following the 2018 highs, while 2020
Refrigerant companies began to compete for quotas, with significant expansion of production capacity, but lower demand for downstream effects of the epidemic led to a downward trend in the refrigerant industry, with three major refrigerant products, r32, r125, r134a, with different prices and price differentials.
In the first year of volume management, three generations of refrigerants, represented by r32, r134a, began in early 24 years, with a marked increase in the price hub, and since our accession to the Montreal Protocol in 1991, we have actively participated in ods.
Phase-out (ODS) with second-generation refrigerants (hcfcs) being ozone-depleting substances, our country officially frozen production and consumption of hcfcs in 2013 and introduced quota management with effect from 2015. R22 (hcfc-22) is the second largest.
Alternative refrigerants, mainly used for equipment such as commerce and industry, home air conditioning systems and refrigerators, are replaced by hfcs because of their incremental market, which is currently dominated by stock markets such as post-sale maintenance of the supporting refrigeration equipment, and market demand is relatively stable.
The price rose from $10,000/t in early 2017 to $33,000/t in early 25, a rise of more than 200 per cent; in contrast, we believe that there is still considerable scope for a rise in the price of three generations of refrigerants. Moreover, as the second generation of refrigerants is still being reduced,
The price increase for three generations of refrigerants for their alternatives would be faster.3 The use of fluorinated new materials is widespread, the demand for fluorinated new materials for future periods is diverse and the application area for downstream applications is wide.
Fluorinated chemicals and new fluorinated materials are used in thousands of species around the world, and fluorinated new materials refer mainly to high fractions of hydrogen in the main chain of organic highly molecular compounds, in the side chain, connected to carbon atoms, which have been replaced in whole or in part by fluorinated atoms.
Subpolymeric matter. Due to the low polarisation rate of the fluorinated atoms, the most negative electrons (4.0), the smaller van der Waal radius (1.32a (o)) and the new materials containing the c-f base group have excellent high temperature resistance, long-intensity corrosion, durability, durability, solubility, durability, durability.
Inactivity, low flammability, low friction, low capacitation, low surface energy (no oil or water), low desorption, super-oxidability, high-intensity cogent properties such as fluorinated industrial products and new fluorinated materials in defence, aviation, space, navigation, etc.
The manufacture of equipment such as automobiles, chemicals, oil, nuclear energy, environmental protection, communications, electricity, electrical appliances, etc., and the industrial fields such as nuclear materials, special rubbers, refrigerant manufacturing and high-tech agriculture are new and beneficial uses.
The main fluorinated molecular materials currently on the market are: polytetrafluoroethylene (ptfe), polyfluoroethylene (pvdf), tetrafluoroethylene/hexafluoropropylene (fep), tetrafluoroethylene-perfluoroethylene (pfa), polyfluorochloroethylene (pctfe),
Polyfluoroethylene (pvf), ethylene-trifluorochloroethylene (ectfe), ethylene-tetrafluoroethylene (etfe), tetrafluoroethylene-hexafluoroethylene-trafluoroethylene (thv) and tetrafluoroethylene-hexafluoroethylene trifluoroethylene (tfb) etc.
In terms of the structure of the domestic market, ptfe is the largest market among the fluorinated polymers, with 56 per cent of the market, followed by pvdf, with 24 per cent. According to the data from the Banchon al-Wushu, the total capacity of ptfe in 2023 was 1991 million tons, or 1177 million tons;
Pvdf has a total capacity of 146,000 tons, yielding 9.4 million tons. ptfe: the largest fluorinated polymer in the market, with a variety of applications. Polyfluoroethylene (ptfe) is a polymer of tetrafluoroethylene (tfe), an important organic material.
Fluorine material, with the name "Cluster King". The main molecular chain is made up of c-c keys, all of which are c-f keys. Of the known high molecular keys, c-f keys are one of the strongest; at the same time, ptfe molecules are all symmetrically symmetrically high linear molecules, molecules.
Unpolarity. The unique structure of ptfe determines its performance with a variety of excellences: high chemical stability, insoluble to any acid, alkaline and organic solvents; extremely high tolerance for cryogenic properties, long-term use at -180 ~250 °C; good electro-insulation and aging resistance; high nutrients.
Slideless: Radiation resistant, etc.. Polytetrafluoroethylene products are materials made from the ptfe resin-forming process, which maintain a variety of good properties at ptfe and are widely used in defence, aerospace, petrochemical, electronic, mechanical and medical applications.
The chemical industry accounted for 44.5 per cent of the total, followed by the electronics sector, accounting for 16.8 per cent, and the demand for corresponding high-frequency low-mediad materials increased as the 5g communications technology spreads and continues to grow. Fluorine materials are highly insulated and are not easily dry.
Disturbing, fluorinated polymers with good low-mediatic power and low-deflation factors under high-frequency conditions can provide ultra-high-frequency (UHF) for data centres, signal towers and personal electronic equipment, and, according to China Connect, the 5g station density is expected to be at least 1.5 times that of 4g.
The number of 5g macro stations in the country will be 6 million, and the number of 5g base stations worldwide will be more than 8 million. The pcb board is an important component of the 5g base station, which is not an alternative to the transmission speed in terms of transmission properties and signals: the pcb board will be specially used in the production process.
resins, the most important indicators for base station pcb are the characteristics of the medium, signal transmission, speed of transmission and heat resistance, and ptfe is the best organic material found so far in the medium, and the excellent medium is conducive to the complete and rapid transmission of the signal from this perspective.
In words, ptfe is an excellent resin material for the 5g-era base station pcb. As the 5g network progresses towards commercialization, auto electrons, mobile communications, smart households, military electrons, air industries, etc., the ptfe material industry is used; therefore, we believe that the ptfe material industry is used by the ptfe industry.
pvdf: market demand is wide and applications are wide. pvdf (polyfluoroethylene) is a polystyrene polymer or a confluoride of fluoroethylene and a small number of other fluoroethylene-based monomers.
Polymer, a combination of fluorine and general resin properties, in addition to good chemical-resistant corrosion, corrosivity, oxidability, tolerance, radioactivity, special properties such as voltage, intermediate, thermal, etc., which are listed as production in fluoroplastic plastics
Second-place products. Pvdf can be made of paints, glues, diaphragms, film sheets, filters, pipes, accessories, etc., using different forms of plastic processing, which are widely applied to long-lasting coatings, chemical preservation, lithium electrode material, lithium diaphragms, water treatment, bioprospection, etc.
The fields of detection, electrical and electronics, construction, military and industrial are industrially indispensable specialized workers with 3.2 fluorinated cooling fluids: the construction of large data centres like fire, impregnated liquid colds, the rapid development of our digital economy in recent years, and the explosive growth of the size of the data.
The role of data centres as an important infrastructure for the storage and computation of data is becoming more prominent in promoting economic and social development. The 14th Five-Year Plan and Vision 2035 outline of the indicators clearly suggest accelerating the construction of the national integrated Grand Data Centre system and strengthening the accounting system.
The data centre has grown rapidly in terms of industry size.
According to data from the National Institute of Information and Communications Technology, in 2021, the number of installed data centres in China reached 5.2 million, an increase of more than 1 million since 2020. The three-year action plan for the development of the new data centre (2021-2023) states that by the end of 2023, national data were available.
According to the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the size of China’s data centre market exceeded 150 billion yuan in 2021, and the size of China’s data centre market in 2022, which is about to break by 190 billion yuan, shows a faster growth trend.
In terms of energy consumption, the growing size of the data centre as the primary storage and operation processing entity for big data and the critical issue of energy consumption have led to the development of a green data centre in our country, which is committed to the green development of the data centre.
In recent years, the green development process of our data centres has been accelerating, the level of energy efficiency in data centres has been increasing, and the efficiency of power use has been increasing, according to the Ministry of Information and Communications's three-year action plan for the development of new data centres (2021-2023).
By the end of 2023, the new large and above data centre pue was reduced to less than 1.3, and our green data centre development policy also states that there are plans to reduce the overall level of central energy consumption.
As 30-40 per cent of total energy consumption, the highest-level data centre infrastructure module, improvements in data centre infrastructure technologies such as refrigeration, improvements in refrigeration efficiency and reductions in the energy consumption levels of the refrigeration system are the way forward.
As the core of the equipment in the data centre is semiconductor, it will continue to heat up, with the primary core being the calculator cpu, which handles the master chip line, memory, i/o, etc.
The internal environment is stable and the data centre is functioning properly. Liquid cooling is a liquid refrigerant that transmits the heat generated by the internal parts of the data centre's equipment to the outside of the equipment and cools the heat component of the equipment to ensure its installation.
A cooling mode to operate within a safe temperature range. By comparing existing data centres with cooling technology, liquid cooling technology with the obvious advantages of wind cooling, more energy-efficient, land-efficient, less costly and more stable operation of the liquid cold data centre, with impregnated liquid cooling techniques.
The advantages are more evident in the direction of future data centre infrastructure cooling systems. As can be seen, impregnated cold has more obvious advantages in terms of pue, power density, environmental requirements, etc., and is consistent with the country’s high-power, high-calculation trends.
No liquid cold can then be divided into phase-impregnated liquid cooling and non-phase-impregnated liquid cooling. In recent years, infrastructure development in the IDC and IDC centres has been rapid, and major data providers such as Hwa, Wave, Convergence, Ali and others have been promoting the IDD centers.
The process of commercializing the infrastructure, the liquid cold data centre and its infrastructure from 2016 to the present, is gradually being used in large-scale commercial applications. According to Sadie's consultant, in 2019, our central market was 26.9 billion yuan and is expected to reach 12.32 billion yuan in 2025.
Top; China ' s ICDC base market size was 6.47 billion yuan in 2019, and is expected to reach 24.5 billion yuan or more in 2025, according to the OCD manual. For liquid cooling technology, the choice of a suitable and efficient cooling medium is for the system.
Operating is essential. Fluorinated fluids have very high intermediate power strength and superior material compatibility, and the physical constants of long-term use, such as viscosity, voltage, etc., remain stable and are suitable for long-term use by enterprises and are the ideal option for liquid cold system media.
Larger shares have now developed a series of e-fluorinated liquids, including hydrofluorided and perfluoropolyether jht products, and the company is building a 5kt/a giant core cooling fluid project.
The Division contributes to a sustained increase in performance.4 Refrigerant production is well ahead of sales, with the fluorine industry at the forefront of 4.12 and 3 generation refrigerant production, with the advantage of quota management
The company is the only one in the country with a series of one to four generations of fluorinated refrigerants, of which the cfcs type of refrigerant has been phased out for severe damage to the ozone layer: hcfcs, with a total production quota of 47467 tonnes in 2024, according to the company ' s annual report 2023, is the only one in the country.
22 per cent of the national production quota and 3,5005 tons of domestic production, or 27 per cent of the national domestic production quota; third-generation production quotas for HFC refrigerants and mainstream monomer production quotas, for hfcs, are in the first place (the rate of occupancy is much higher than that of other enterprises): mega-equity utilization
In addition, the company has a capacity of 35,000 tonnes of hydrocarbon refrigerants, which could be a useful complement to its existing HFC refrigerant products.
The company is now a strong leader in the three-generation refrigerant industry and, in response to the Montreal Agreement ' s baseline year of the 2020-2022 generation refrigerant quota in China, actively competes with the market, pre-empts the quota, and the company ' s exports of hfcs were larger in 2020
Increase in the range, according to the company ' s annual report, 25,650,000 tonnes of hfcs produced in 2020-2022: the three-year baseline year for the hfcs quota was successfully closed, with companies having a greater competitive edge in production and industry leadership in the distribution of three generation refrigerant quotas in the country
According to the company ' s annual 2023 report, the total production quota for three generations of refrigerant in 2024 was 74.78 million tonnes, of which the total production quota for domestic uses was 34.190,000 tonnes.
37.28 per cent of the quota, or 13.01 million tonnes, or 38.04 per cent of the total intra-industry quota; of these, the dominant three-generation refrigerant varieties r32, r125, r134a, according to the Ministry of Eco-Environment Report on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer and Hydrofluorocarbons, 2025
In 2025, the total amount of three generations of refrigerant production was 79.19 million tonnes and the domestic production quota was 38.96 million tonnes. The mega-stocks had a three-generation refrigerant production quota of 2990,000 tonnes, or 37.86% of the total industry quota.
With a production quota of 151,000 tons, or 38.77% of all domestic quotas in the industry, we believe that the company’s share in the future three-generation refrigerant market is clear and that the company’s profitability is expected to continue to increase as the industry’s climate warms.
4.2 The company's product lines are expanding and the advantages of integrated industrial chains are evident. Fluorinated industrial chains are rich, and organic fluorinated fluorinated chemicals consist mainly of fluorinated fine chemicals (e.g. pesticide intermediates, dye intermediates, pharmaceutical intermediates), fluorinated molecular materials.
(fluoride resins, fluorine rubbers, fluorine coatings): Inorganic fluorinated fluorinated compounds are mainly fluorinated salts (the volume of fluorine-type fluorinated materials also varies considerably. Figure 37: Comparison of the value of different fluorinated materials (thousands of yuan/tons)
Larger shares have gradually been transformed from a basic chemical industry to a leading Chinese fluorinated industry, leading domestic fluorinated industry, chlor-alkali industry, coal-chemical complexed fluorine, and advanced manufacturing base for new chlorinated materials, with industrial clustering, base-building, recycling.
It has built up a number of competitive advantages in the development of new fluorinated industries and chemical materials, such as space layout, industrial chains, scale technologies, brands, markets, resources, management, etc.
Autonomously controlled, industry-high-end extension patterns and trends, company core competitiveness with basic packaged raw materials, fluorinated refrigerants, organic fluorine monomer, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, unique new chlor-alkali materials, etc.
The chain of industries, which forms an appropriate self-conforming package of the original supporting materials, and a co-development of the main supporting industries, the leading domestic cluster of new CFC-based materials, and the transformation of product competition into industrial clusters, the extension of low-cost operation of firms, low-cost development and high-end industries.
Figure 39: Pb-band (1) Changes in refrigerant sector policy: Global variation in refrigerant policy and reduction targets, if future production restrictions and quota restrictions on refrigerants
Lower than expected or changed, resulting in changes in the supply and demand patterns and climate of the industry, which in turn affect the profitability of companies and refrigerant enterprises. (2) Downstream demand is less than expected: companies have more business and downstream areas such as
As a result of the future economic recovery, both domestic and foreign, the sale of corporate products will be affected and the level of corporate revenue will be affected. (3) Prices of raw materials are highly volatile: companies produce raw materials that involve large quantities of commodities and fluorescents.
Important mineral resources, such as stones, which have significant fluctuations in raw materials, have an impact on the company ' s level of profitability over the long term. (4) Projects under construction have not progressed as expected: the company is currently building more projects if the project
The company’s financial statement projections are summarized and the author has either a securities investment advisory qualification or a considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent professional attitude and independence and objectivity.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.