A steady growth in credit, precision service entities Events: 28 October, Construction Bank issued 22q3 financial statements. 22q1-q3 bank revenues of $630.54 billion, yoy+1.0 per cent; net profit to mothers of $247.28 billion, yoy+6.5 per cent; negative rate of 1.40 per cent, provision coverage
As of 22 q3, the yield-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-per-quarter-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-percent-per-per-percent-percent-percent-per-percent-percent-per-percent-per-per-cent-per-per-percent-per-per-per-per-per-per-percent-per-per-per-per-percent-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-cap-cap-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-cent-year-year-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-year-year-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-year-per-per-per-per-per-per-year-per-year-per-per-year-year-year-year-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-per-year-per-per-per-per-per-year
The model expanded steadily, with net interest income continuing its positive growth momentum in the first three quarters of the year to +7.7 per cent, at the same rate as +2.8 per cent; and a small decline in the middle to +1.8 per cent, mainly due to the proactive implementation of the reduction in fees, bank card fees, consultants and consultancies.
The balance of gold is a solid expansion of credit to effectively service the real economy.
+0.7 pct, the steady credit geese effect continues to be highlighted. Research assistant in Bovin credit structure, speeds up credit investment in the real-service economy, with more than 11 trillion dollars in public referendums as of 22q3.
1. The construction bank (601939.sh) reported in mid-2022 that: a billion yuan housing rental fund had been set up to further advance the implementation of the housing rental strategy.
2. The construction bank (601939.sh) reported in 2021 that the asset quality was excellent and the level of provision was adequate. The failure rate of 22q3 was the same as the 22h1 ring, which was the end of the year.
-2bp, for the best historical level in the last five years; provision coverage has remained stable, with a strong buffer against late 21 years + 4.0 pct, and a stable risk offset capacity.
In the first three quarters of the year, the net return profit increased by 6.5 per cent over the same period and performance continued to be high; credit was robustly expanded to effectively serve the real economy; asset quality continued to be optimized, the level of provision was adequate and the potential risks were continuously addressed.
Figure 2: Growth in the performance of construction banks up to 22q3 (single season) Figure 3: Net interest income and rate of increase in revenue up to 22q3 and up to and from construction banks (cumulative) Figure 8: Level of provision for construction banks up to 22q3
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.