\triangleright field sales prices fell through the competitive environmental impact of the industry’s cost line, and companies faced operating losses in the first three quarters of 2025.
Price regulations require silicon companies to continuously raise their prices above the combined cost line. According to the silicon branch, at the end of September, the average cost of the N-type repackage and the particle silicon was $5.32 and $505 million per ton, respectively, compared to June.
The price of silicons rose, and according to infolink, at the end of September 25th, the profit of silicon silicon silicons was improved. The price of downstream components slowed slightly, with topcon Jubaino at the end of September.
The average price of the component is 0.693 yuan/w, which is 2% higher than the average price at the end of June, and the profit from the operation of the 25q3 component is still under pressure.
The announcement to regulate price incompetence and to maintain good market price order re-emphasized that, as the “reverse inner volume” continues, the silicon and component links are expected to sustain price repairs and gains.
The firm technology bc leads the way and continues to promote bc efficiency and capacity-building. The company continues to promote bc efficiency gains in the production of \triangleright, and in the first half of 2025, the company bc battery efficiency was 27.81%.
bc component R & D efficiency out of 26%, re-renewing the global record of crystalline silicon cell and component efficiency. Based on the state of the bc product technology, companies have developed a differentiated competitive advantage, bc penetration has accelerated, 1. Lungi green energy (601012.sh) is reported in semi-annual 2025.
Leading the high-value market layout of the industry. Companies continue to expand their advanced production capacity, and through technological upgrading, companies anticipate: profit phase pressure, firm bc product lead layout - 2025/08/25.
By the end of 2025, the Hpbc 2.0 battery will have produced more than 60 per cent of its output efficiency, and it is expected that it will be the first to complete the one-quarter evaluation of the product round: profit phase pressure, bc2. \triangleright
\triangleright Review: Large impairment drags profits, focussing on hpbc 2.0
The report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.