New retail model: regain control through cloud platforms; strong buy-in (summary) is hard to imagine a business offering nearly half a profit to a dealer, but that's what happens in Guizhou. Many of them are with us.
In the medium and long term, we believe that this should bring real benefits to companies, including improved pricing capacity and smooth profit growth, because
In this model, supply and demand are better matched and generate new income opportunities. With this in mind, we double the target.
There has been little change in the system, which has affected the ability of companies to price, stabilize prices, and effectively adjust supply, making it difficult for them to really understand the final consumers, and preventing companies from entering the new market. However, the new retail model of companies now requires distributors to put 30% of their quota on the market.
Taiwan, which will strengthen control over distributors, will enable companies to raise prices on a more regular and sustained basis, crowd out excessive profits from distributors, and significantly raise their own levels of profitability. In our two ongoing price increases (a new retail model each year would better match supply and demand, increase transparency, and help companies to understand who and where they end up buying it)
We keep the profit forecast constant. As we switch the valuation to 18 years and turn the target multiple upwards from 23 to the expected market surplus in 2018.
Asia-Pacific strong purchasing of lists has business relationships and continues to seek to develop them. Investors should therefore take into account the potential conflicts of interest that their companies may have that could affect the objectivity of this report and should not be considered as part of this report.
Information disclosure appendix, or contact your investment representative.
I'm sorry, mate, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, kids. 90% of the subjects produced by thirdpartiesviafranchisedistributorsandfranchistores and only 10% of the affairsdirectly by the company.
Onlyasintermediariesbutasspeculators, hoardingbottlesofthespiritaciesrisesandthen offloadingthemaspricatarttofall-accreditingpricemovementsineachdirection.second, toutaifinditsiseisetsex-factoryprices (i.e., thatsotechargedtodributorinas)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Gottleofmoutaiboughtinthehighstreet, kweichowmoutitaitstrostrosprofitofc.rmb760, distriburtorsrm580, andretailersrm100.thisprofitacruingtodistributremsdisproportatelylage, and theirrossmargin (currentlyat 45%)
I'm sorry, hetonicaverageof 23%. Source: companydata submarry: levelaginge-commercetoboostandsmoothearnings
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Beonearning, wedonotyetreviseourearnings. However, wedogivemoutacreditfortheimprovementsinpricitingpowerevisionsecuritysetoutbelow-reisingourtarinterlableto 25xtrom23x.wealthorolllforwardby
18% tormb881. Toframetheopportunityifmouticanfulyleverageitstrategy, we alreadyouttwollcasecasesforstainablepriceikesovertenextsources. the firstssummasa 10% Annualpricehike-offerafurtherrm211tovalutionandtheseconda
15% annualpricehike-offeringrm311ontofourbasecassevalluration.bluesky: wealso provideacasestudyoofhermes, asamanufactorofscarceluxurgygoods with strongpricing power-whochhastradadatanaverage33xforwardpeoverpast10yearsandhasseen
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
30% undermooutai'snewQuotaforproductstosoldonline, priceisdeterminedbymooutai (rmb1,299now).
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, beplaced with otherealthingsproductssoldonlinelineviaitsplatplatplatformaresupliedby distrobutuscertifierd bythemoutaicompany-givingconsumersgreatertrustintheseproducts and boostingdemand.
I don't know, accesstobigdataconsumers tovéonlinexouldboost thenumberofiividualcustomersasfewerbottlescanbe orderedonlinethantakenviathetradionalofflineistburtchannels.the companyyextects
Onlinecustomerstoreach3mn, from thecurrent 250k.thiswillalllowmotoutaitotogetatter pictureofetscustomersandalllowototalilits produitandmapping, basedonconsumers' prefences.thiswillparticulsoamongtheyouungerdegrafic (25-35yrsold)whomake
Up 50% ofsalesonmooutaicloulde-com.understantanescoullowthe companytoincreasespenetrationamong theyoungerppulationandtapintoarisingconsumer investmentcaseinanutshell–reiteratebuy(cl)
Afterwardourbuy (convictionlist)onkweichowmoutaionseveralkeydrivers: (1) sustainable highendspiritdemandrowth, drivenbyrising numbersofpeopleintheffluentandupper Middleincompopulsioncohortsinchinina; (2)tightsumply/demandbalabilityinthenethenextple
"newretail" model. Keydatalyststandenextnewquatersinclude: the finalistbuctormeatingon18thth
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
90 per centofmoutai'srevenuein1h17,are: (1) franchisedistributors,whoarethemaindistritionchannels; (2) franchistores.somefranchistoresaownedandsuptailedbyfranchisedistributors;
Theresaresuppliedbythecompanyhas2800+distributors, including 1600+franchistores. theremaining10%comesfrom:
(3) e-comphannelscondoughmoutaie-company (25% stop), whichincludesab2cmodel (operatedandsuptailedbymoutaicompany). in 2016about 1% ofrevenuesfromtheb2cmodel.
(4) Self-ownedstores, theseastoresedandsuppliedbythecompanity.geventheree only30+self-ownedstores,weestimatethatrevenuecontributionfrommethischannelisonly 1% of totalrevenue.
(5) offlinedirectsales, includingcustostoughmoutaboutustomization company, and saleswith permissionnoteswrittenbymanagementandsolddirectly atthedisvilley. These cobinedtogetherconfutesabout 8% omoutai'stotalrevenue.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, oro2operatedviatemoutaicloude-complatform.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's 60-70% of mooutai'sssales, mostlycolpolates. source: companydata.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Intheofflinechannel, distribersselfeitianmoutaiathewholesaleprice, whichisabout rmb1,400crently, rmb580aboveex-factoryprice.weestimatethedistritionsysteméarnsa
Totalrosprofitofrm28.7bn, orabout63%ofmoutaispiritrosprofit.weestimathatdibutorsarntonetprofitofrb20.5bn, orabout92%ofoutaispiritnetprofitin2017.exhibit6: mooutai'swholesalepriceirskrb581aboveex-
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Exhibit8: andtheirnetprofitisabout92%ofthethatofmoutaispirit mooutaispirit'srossprofitdistribution (2017e)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like it's just that, you know, it's just that, you know, it's like, it's like, you know, it's like, like, 23%, and it's like, 45% where it's happening.
However, more importantly, the keytoitsabilizationistisesex-factorypricionsently willbeitsmoveinthothecluud—whochdistributorsmayfindhardtoresist.weexplantaindetailhenthenextextaction.
If you don't like it, you can't have it, because you can't have it.
I don't know what you're talking about, stopform, andweexpectmorewillowinfuture-includingnewdistributors.thishugenemberof distrectorsandsspecialtystores constetutesa comprehensive,deplypenetratedandconned salesnetwork.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it because I don't want to do it, but I'm going to do it because I don't want to do it, because I don't want to do it.
November 15, 2017, newretailmodelsettochangeballaceballofpowerer wethinkits"newretailmodel"willovertimeallowoutaitowretrebackcontrol
I don't know what you're talking about, overpricing - paving thewayforsustainable capacitationtolitex-factorypricees and smoothearnings.
Well, it's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(2) Bigcustomsandspecuratorstendtostockpileinventorywhatcan makeifficultforgenerconsumerstoetholdofottle.moreovercenthepricestartto fall, speculatorsoffloadtheirstock -accreditingpricevolatabilityofbothwayupandtheway
- (exhibit 11) (3) moutaslittingforformationofwhoboughtmoutaiandonconsumercharacistics - meeting itfinddidifficulttotailoritsmarkingandpromotionofforts.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, clairingbackalargershareof the profitpoolfromistributors.
I don't know, multipleto 25xfrom 23x. in the following pageswefirfirstplanoutai'snewstrategyandtensetoutthepotential benefits flying to the company
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Allofmoutai'se-combusinesses, includingemaotai, flagstoresandmooutaicloude-complatform, areoperatedbykweichowmooutaiggroupe-commercecompany, whichis 35% owned by parientoflist-co and 25% ownedbythelist-co.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Two-combusinesswasstablistias2010, includingself-ownede-com platformsemaotai.com,weishang (emaotionWechat), aswellasvariousmooutai flagshipstoreson3rdpartye-complatslibabaandjd.com.sofar, however, in
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
30% of them remainingquatasfor22017throughmutacloudataprideflamm1,299/bottle.thestrateworked well-to-allestateshurttermationpressationmodonoutai'sretailprice, Butthasmuchdeperandlongterm
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever seen you, but I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one.
Wethinkmooutaicloude-complatformformisthecornerstoneofmooutai'snewretailstrategy, because thethroughthisplatformformovabletomoveasignificantportion (30% +)ofitssales online (30%)
Keybenefitsinclüdeobtainingmoreconsumerpreferencedataforanysis, makingchannel pricingandventormoretransparent, stbilizingpricingsystemdingthecompanity's pricingpowerer.weelaborateonthebenefieldsintenextextsection.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
From 64korders.toralvistoemaotai.comwere8mn, with 12mnclicks.ttalmemmembershipis 740k.revenuein1q17wasrmb390mn, <875%oy.ttaltransactionvalueonthemoutaicloude-complatformformwasrb2bnin2016, madeup
From 30k+orders.theewere732offlinestoresand 150kmembersasendof2016, accordingtoindistrymediatjkx,totaltransactionvalueofmooutaicloude-complatform reachedm 1.12bnin1q17,alreallife2016transactionvalue.management
Extractstotaltransaction Valuein 2017treachrm8bn, up250%+youy. weestimattattattattaltransactionvalueofmoutai'se-complatformswillreachrm10bnin 2017. 30% dostribritorquoteagoingonlineremainsunchanged, webcastive
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm not talking about it, and I'm talking about it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Wethinkmooutai'snewreilmodelhillfinalchangement.forthe 30%quata soldonline, the prismistdeminedbymoutai (rmb1,299now).more, ashecompanynow.
Hasdaoncustomerors, Futuredistributorquotascanballocatebassedactualdemand ratherthanthatreportedbydistributors (whohaveanincentivetoover-order), allowing
I'm going to have to do it again, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
Fromrm 1500 + torm1 300-1400inlessasthanament, reflexivenessofthenew retailmodelinstabilizingretailprice. should the companyincreasethequotalineto 50%, the controlretairepricoubledbeevenstronger.
I don't know what you're talking about, noteonsupply.addingsuplytakeasmotaitaitsatlelast fiveiveyearstoreeachMature.currentsuplyislimitedby thesupplylaiddownthebeginningofthecrackdownon Graftstrattattaoutfoveyearsago.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Allocateeachdistributor'sannualquataex-ante.distributeplacersmonthlywhille the companycontralsthepaceshipsccordingdistributororors. Wethinthisimedmodeltenstosmatchsupplyanddemand.forexample,ifwelokattheannual
Quotaallocationlaninacentatainyard (weuse 2012asanexample), guizhouandbeijingwere thetoptworegions, accoundingfor 15/10%ofofftalsalesvolume.geniventhatguizhou'sgdpis only 1.5%ofchina'stotalgdp (albeitthehomeofmooutai),wethinthatheremightbesomeme
I don't know, missathere. while the company hasbeenactivelyjusting thequataallocationsincesen, November 15, 2017 with thefasttranationofconsumptionoftheconsumption
Wethinkthenewretailmodelcannelthecompanity: (1) more thanasalyacquiretheexact geographicallocationssofconsumers, soothitcouldadjustitssalesquatasindiffentregions more efficiently, and (2) betteradesttheminimigoforderexulation, projectsandevenproduct
I'm sorry, Jackingbasedonlinedata. Source: companydata (3) accesstobigdata-buildinganauancedpictureofcustoms
Wetinkmooutai'snewretailmodelwillwivemoutayaaccesstobigdataontheirconsumes, allowingthemtobuildabetterpictureofconsumerprofuelsandbettergettheirmarketingandpromotion:
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, distribers. the companyexpects the Numberofmutacloudmmerstoreach3mn, from thecurrent 250k.
I'm not sure you're gonna be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know, from datareleased bymall.com, youungconsumers account for more than 50% of the population. Theseyoungconsumerswillbe themajorityofmoutai'stotalconsumers infoure, soitis everyuseofunderstandandtheirpreferencesnow.
15 November 2017: tmall.com (4) improvechaneleability
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, stores, beingliston thecloudplatformiseffefectiveveltyandorsentatcancottcosastcredibility amongconsumers. (5) expansedvevenuepolformoutai
Wethinkmoutai'snewretailmodelmightalsoexpandtervenuepoelofmoutai.notonlycan unappendeddemanbedbettermatchingwith subpply, butwealthinkshortageswillbe lessofapromduetoironoutregionalmisallocation.
Anotherhappy by-productmightalsoberplaceplacementof'faakemoutai' (of whichtheiesa greatdeal, insource) with anotherealthing.becauseproductssoldonthecloudplatplatformare supliedbydistributorswhorecetieriedthoutoutai company, consummersshouldplace
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what the newretailmodeldoesn't change while the newretailmodelighthaverelievedsmepressureonrisingpricefortheeveragein
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The newretailmodeldoesnotchangethecustomercompositionofmoutai—thisis, access customersmakeup themajorityofoutai'sprchasersbyvolume, meeting business entrymandwillbeethiefdriveofdformandformooutai.
Inthalongterm,wethinkmoutai'sretailpriceshouldgoupinline with anotherisingdisposable incomorefurbanemproyees, consistentwith mgmt'strategyofryingtomakemooutafordableforcommoncizens (whomaynlybuyonebottreadforthelurnewyearear).
To remainatheethehistoricversion(3.3x) inhenextfeewyears, meanotheretailpricell increargelyinlinewithcitizens'risincome.
{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFFFF} {\cHFFFFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF00} {\cH00FFFF00} {\cH00FFFF00} {\cH00FFFFFF00}
I mean, it's not like it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing.
He/shecanpuy thesameproductontaoboorjd.comfortsameprice.moreover, geven limiteinvestintheapprelativetotessuchastatoubaoorjd.com, theuserexperienceon
Theyoutaicloude-comappisunderwhelming, inourview: responsetimesslowanditisnot easytofindout wheretobuymoutai.inaddition, consumerscannotbuyinlargevolumesonthe app: ordersonthecloudplatplatformarinalillimitedto 5botles (sometimesevennly 2botles)
Somostrogroupbuyingcustomswouldstillneedtogoofflines. versionofemoutaicloude-comapp, which shouldbeaseiertouseandfocusmoreonvalues—suchasinformationpromotionreleasesandprofessionalconsultservices
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, adjustonlinepriceinlinewithofflineprice. online-offlinearbitrage welearned throughhourchannelchecksthatsmeridistriburtors placeorsonmooutaicloude--
30% salesonlineqickly, andvenarbitragonthepricegapebetweenlineandoffline. the consecutorhattacistcannotetholdoftheproducts.thecompanywillned
Tomproveitsconsumerification processocopewiththisproblemsproblem.
I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Incorporated to thecloudplatform publicly thecompanyrequiresistributorsell 30% if theirquataviathecloudplatform.it's
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I've got a lot of stuff to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
I don't know if it's true, but I don't know if it's true, but I don't know if it's true, but it's true.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
It's 25%. It's 35%. It's 35%. It's 35%.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
It's time to get to the bottom of it, but it's time to get to the bottom of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to say, but I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's not----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thatsaid, geventhetimeredvisibilityontheeffetechenewreilmodelonearningintheforecastperod,wedonotereviseourearningsestimats.however,wedoprovidescenarios thatfactoriannualex-factorypricehikesof 10% and 15% (seeebelow).
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, either.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm just...
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Inourbasescenario, Weassumeanex-factorypricehikestorm999 (fromrmb 819atpresent) in ept2018andnomorepricekesthereafter.weshowtwobulcasesinwhochweassumaa 10% pricehikeeachyyearfromseptem2019anda15%hike.astheisfinitesupplyof
I don't know what you're talking about.
Basecase (zeropricehikeafterseptemb2018)netincomerm56.9bnin2021.bullcase1 (10% annualhikefromseptemb2019)
Netincomermb70.5bnin2021(i.e. 24% abovebasecase) fullcase2 (15%) netincomermb76.9bnin2021(i.e. 35% abovebasecase)
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, and we're not going to be able to do it.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Wevaluethockonlongtermedisaccountbackto 2018e (previouslyto2017e), andraiseour 2021exitmultiplom 23xto25x(c.10% premiumtoindustryaveragetargetexitmultiple)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Laojiao, supported by higherrowth (27 per cent 2006-16epscagrvs.19 per cent onaveragefor wuliangyeandluzhoulaojiao) andhigherroe (24 per cent-yearaverageroevs. 27 per cent); in 2017-21e,wecontinuetoforeastmotatotieadpeersinearningsgroveth (24 per centvs. 22 per cent) androe
(35% vs. 25%) with higherpricingpoweandtropicalforpricehikes.withthisinmind,weset ourpremiumat 10% downer-thanexpectedh-endspiritgroveth: macroeconomicslowdowndowndownworldresource
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"newretail" modelandimplementafdirect salesmodel, inwouldleelyhavevevengerpricingpoweandabletapapamuchlarger
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I've been working for a long time, and I've been working for a long time, and I've been working for a long time, and I've been working for a long time, and I've been working for a long time, and I've been working for a long time.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, speculestockpileventory.
The companydidnottevensuffer frevenalcrisisin 2008, reflexingitsabilitytosmoothrevenuegroveth.earningsgrothwasalso verytable (15% cagrin10years).
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know, I don't know, intermsoffincianmetrics, mooutaihaschaschuzhighergrossmarginandnetmarginsmargin, as implementationcostsforspiritsaresmall; butheshashigherassetturnover.thetwocompanies have similaroe.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
We, Liao-Yu, cfa, Dai, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the above-mentioned companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of some firms being acquired. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of companies becoming M & As (30-50%), two of which represent a medium probability (15-30%), and three of which are less likely (0%-Qantum).
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of single firms, or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries.gssstain50 is a list of concerns that we believe are based on excellent capital returns.
Reporting, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance) are expected to be successful in the long term vis-à-vis industry leaders around the world. Candidates are mainly based on screening for a comprehensive quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas.
a A share of consumer durables: Goli Electrics, Boss Electrics, American Group, Qingdao Haile, Sofia.a A share of food drinks: Gui Goong, Yoo River Shares, Kotai Kuo State, Jinzhou old cellar, Qing Qingqing, Shanxi Liquor, Qingji Island Beer (a), Five Grain fluids.a A share of media: Aufi Recreation, Light Media, Goehua Lined, Huashu Na, Blue Lights, Media South China, Media Division, Guangguo, Hua Soo Brothers, Mimax China, Phoenix Media, Orient Ming Ju, Fancy Science.
China’s consumer goods: Light milk, modern pastoralism, Huayun entrepreneurship, Dali Food Group Ltd., h&h International Holdings, Monx Milk Industry, Kang Shifu Holdings, Qingjia Beers (h), Unified Enterprises, China Wang Wang Wan, Wanzhou International, I Li, Zhou Black Duck International Holdings Ltd.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: Maotai, Guizhou (rmb 678.75); Goldman Sachs has an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Mato, Guizhou (rmb 678.75).
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.