The new car cycle continues, the joint venture autonomy doubles, the upward cycle continues, and business improvements take place. Corporate ownership and the joint venture brands are entering the product upswing cycle, which is expected to drive corporate sales and performance.
In terms of winding down, the corporate performance loss points are gradually reduced, and governance institutions are set up on a high-quality, autonomous brand, with both volume and profit. In 2019, the long-autonomous brand entered the upward cycle, relying on a series of cs, accelerator, accelerator, and the entire Oshan.
At the same time, the technological support of the platform, while increasing the competitiveness of the product, is expected to lead to greater profitability of the autonomous brand. The new series of unis is expected to be launched in 2020.
The company’s prices have rebounded in the upward cycle in comparison with the depth of 300. In 2019, a total of 184,000 vehicles were sold in Anfort, the lowest in history. With sharpness, explorers, explorers, etc.
In the medium and long term, Chang An Fort is actively promoting the localization of all aspects of R & D, manufacturing, marketing, etc., and is expected to have indigenous capacity to develop new cars in 2025.
The development of Anfort has laid a solid foundation. We expect to increase the volume of Enfort sales from 2020 to 2022, and the start-up scholar, Haaanresearch, has entered the upward cycle: with the boost of the cs series, the vagaries, and the full product system in Oshan.
At the same time, technological support from new power platforms, while increasing the competitiveness of products, is expected to lead to greater profitability of autonomous brands. In 2020, corporate ownership ushered in the replacement of cs55plus, swirling Plus, and swirling cc.
The product series ununi-t shows up, and the subsequent listing of more models will enhance the competitiveness of the un series. The autonomous brand is expected to grow by 13.7% per cent in 2020-2022.
With the arrival of the sharper, explorer, Lincoln, etc., the new product cycle of Chang Anfort is about to turn. In the medium and long term, Chang Anfort is actively promoting the localization of R & D, manufacturing, marketing, etc., and is expected to have indigenous capabilities to develop new vehicles in 2025, and to serve as a follow-on agent for Mr. Anders.
1- Long An: Start up the cycle and run improvements. The Chang An vehicle is the leading car group in the country, with autonomous brands such as the long An An Oshan, the long Aoshan, and the Kaichang commercial car, which started its third entrepreneurship plan in 2018 and gradually opened up its own brand.
In 2019, with new products like cs75plus, cs35, the autonomous brand started the upward cycle. At the same time, Chang-Ann has long Angford (50%), Chang-Ammadha (50%) and Chang-An-Suzuki (100%) under its flag.
In the second half of 2019, autonomous brands benefited from a steady increase in the share of cs75plus, cs35plus, etc., in the continued heat sales of new and heavy brands, before the joint-venture brands entered the week-on-week. In the case of joint brands, long Anfort gradually entered the branding readjustment period from 2017 to the end of 2018.
New Fox, which was listed in 2019 as a medium-term change in the world, was listed at the end of the year as a whole in New Ford, and in 2020 as a multi-car model, including Lincoln’s national production, so sales are expected to end in 2019 and rise in 2020. A total of 2019 Amadas, with a stable share of sales, have come to Anksela’s replacement model.
Corporate performance is on the rise and joint venture autonomy is expected to hit twice: from the historical collection data, corporate revenue began to fall in 2018, but with the introduction of heavy-pound vehicles such as cs75plus, the company’s autonomous brand, the growth rate was 7 per cent for the third quarter of 2019, 55 per cent for the fourth quarter and 6 per cent for the year as a whole.
On the performance side, the performance of the company is gradually deteriorating, as well as the overall performance of the company, as a result of the performance of autonomous brands and investment in joint brands such as the long Anfort and the long Anmazuda. But starting in the third quarter of 2019, with the advent of the autonomous branding cycle, the company’s performance was gradually stabilized, with the expected excess of the autonomous brand performance in the fourth quarter of 2019.
In the first half of 2020, the company achieved a net return of 2.6 billion yuan. Of this, the proceeds from the sale of new energy technologies were 2.1 billion yuan, the sale of the long Anpsa increased the return by about 1.4 billion yuan, and the net profit of the company’s shareholders in the Ninder era increased by about 1,775 million yuan. After deducting the non-recurrent gains and losses, the company is expected to earn the net profit of the shareholders of the listed company.
Net profit achieved in the first half of 2020 - 2.6 billion yuan, and major losses in the second quarter when sales increased by the same amount
Production cs75p, with a total capacity of 240,000; the main production of cs75 and cs95 in Beijing, with a cumulative capacity of 220,000.
Chang Anfort currently owns five production bases in the country, in Chongqing, Hangzhou, and Harbin. Chongqing has three factories, one in 2004, one in 2012 and one in 2014, with a total capacity of 1.15 million vehicles per year.
The Hangzhou base began work in 2012 and will be used in 2015 to produce large vehicles in both the acute and the Taurus sectors. Harbin base began production in 2016, mainly in Fox, among others.
Incentive plan. This equity incentive scheme has a total of less than 1,292 persons, awarding restricted stock numbers, first release period: 2019 net profit base, 2021 net profit year compound, second release period: 2019 net profit base, 2022 net profit year compound
Third release period: based on 2019 net profit, 2023 net profit year compound, self-initiated upward cycle, product strength rising steadily, industry bottom-up sales, policy booster. Big drop in domestic demand affected by the epidemic, most affected.
In January-March 2020, domestic automobile sales fell by 42% on a year-by-year basis, the largest downswing in history. The direct impact was a sharp drop in vehicle sales and a sharp fall in the performance of car firms in the first quarter of the year.
In terms of concrete measures to accelerate consumption, the stimulus of this policy is in the form of a combination of fists. We believe that the current domestic consumption of automobiles has gone through its most difficult phase, with a policy-driven industrial landscape with long-term autonomous brands entering the upward cycle: with the increase in product power in the cs series, the vagaries, and the Eusang whole product system.
At the same time, technological support from new power platforms, while increasing product competitiveness, is expected to lead to greater profitability of autonomous brands. By 2020, corporate ownership will be on board with a new power platform, cs55plus, swiped plus, smartcc, and a new product sequence, unid.
One model, uni-t, is already on the market, and the subsequent listing of more models will enhance the competitiveness of the uni series.
Cs55, cs75, which accounts for the more important share of sales. The company’s products have been in a vulnerable period since 17 years of pressure as the industry has gradually taken over. But the company’s research and development has been faster, and analysis and improvement of the company’s main products at the surface interior level has begun in 2017, with the introduction of curry in the interior in 2017.
The cs75plus model was designed by the former Mazuta Chief Designer. The new product began to evolve from the city ' s csplus series in 2019, targeting a higher-end segment of the former cs series, with a more accurate market positioning and analysis and a better understanding of consumer demand.
The first product will be sold at the start of the market. The subsequent listing of products such as cs35plus, cs55plus will further complement the competitiveness of the cs product line.
From the cash-engineing model, 96,000 vehicles are sold throughout the year, and the replacement-car-run Plus is officially listed. In terms of design, the fugitive plus follows the family design language of cs75plus, compared to the cash-engineing pattern, which makes up for the current.
On the power side, the latest blue whale ne1.4t engine plus 7dct power platform. On the security configuration, the acc-sg self-adaptation cruise, 360° E.V.R., pab-aided braking system, etc., are mounted. We believe that, in terms of design and positioning, it is possible to copy the vagabond plus.
Cars have always been a powerful area of joint ventures, and the more well-placed cars of autonomous brands for cars are the Cars of Gilley, the winner of autonomous branded cars in 2019, with more than 180,000 cars sold in the year.
The top five types of sales are Gillianthau, Jing Wei, Jing Wei, Jing Wei, Jing An Fu, and Jing Jianxie. We believe that the new fugitive Plus has made great progress in terms of product strength and is expected to break the existing pattern of competition.
Products. From product design, un-t is the first vehicle in a series of non-unis, developed jointly by the Department of Safety and Security and the United Kingdom Centre for Chang An, with a much more forward-looking product design, a younger target population, and a future technology suv like Gillicon. At the same time, un-t will carry the long blue whale ne1.5t engine.
The former Chang-Ann Autonomous Brand relies mainly on the sales performance of the cs series, while the un, as a whole new sequence of long-Ann vehicles, is expected to compensate for the shortcomings in product location, target groups, and so on. The un-t, as a whole new sequence of imported vehicles, pre-sold a total of 11693 orders for 20 days, with explosive potential.
2.2 The core technology is gradually being realized, with a steady improvement in vehicle profits, and in 2019 the company released the Blue Whale Power brand, which consists of blue whale engines, blue whale transformers, blue whale oil hybrids.
Engine platform; blue whale transformer includes blue whale 6-speed mixer and blue whale 7-speed dct transformer, with blue whale ne power platform design compatible with 1.0-1.8l discharges with a rate of universalization of up to 98 per cent, with a full-new cs35plus and high-speed plus carrying blue whales 1.4t engine and 7dct power mix, with a steady recovery of vehicle edges.
And the blue whale’s ne1.5t+7dct power configuration is embedded in long-s55plus, un-t, etc., and the advantages of driving product power and cost are gradually being demonstrated. The new product cycle leads to higher profitability: with the above analysis, the long-span autonomous brand is based on precision.
Market positioning analysis, excellent product improvements, a new csplus series that is higher than the original cs series in terms of product pricing, and leads to an increase in overall sales. At the same time, new technologies will gradually be delivered at the cost end, reflecting the advantage. We expect that in the next two years of the new car cycle, the company will be both open-sourced and profitable.
Three, Long Anfort has arrived, starting up the cycle, and Long Anfort has entered the adjustment period in 2017. Long Anfort's current flag type includes most of the models under the Ford global platform, and the product lines cover small cars to medium and large cars, cars, suv, mpv, all of them.
Car departments. Cars include Fox, Formes, Mondiaux, Taurus: suv with wings, wings, sharp lines, sharp lines: mpv with mpv with mpv with mpv. In terms of sales, it has benefited from the rapid growth of the domestic automobile market, and Enfort sales have been growing.
Starting in 2017, Long Anfort sales went into a long adjustment period, falling from 940,000 in 2016 to 180,000 in 2019 over a two-year period from 2018 to 2019. The main reason was the poor adaptation to China’s local market, which had not been introduced for a long time; and the investment of new vehicles.
The speed is out of touch with the market, with a long product gap in 17-18 years. In summary, Ford China is slow on localization, and, with 18 years of industry under pressure, Chang Anford’s deficit is magnified, and ultimately leads to a significant drop in sales.
In 2018, Chang Anfort began his internal reforms: in 2018, Ford China removed from Ford Asia and the Pacific, Ford cars repositioned companies in their global business, China and North America were listed as the two main global markets, and Ford China's strategic positioning reached unprecedented levels.
At the end of the channel, Chang Anfort set up the Nsds (Fort National Distribution Service) in 2018, and the management of the long Anfort distribution network became indigenous. Anddsd, since its inception, has been in stock control, return points, etc.
The interests of the distributors are safeguarded, thereby stabilizing the distribution network in the face of a significant decline in the sales volume of Chang Anfort. Beginning in early 2018, Chang Anfort made a significant de-stocking ahead of the industry, and its overall stock level is now more healthy than it is.
The new car is on the market, and the sales are going down. The whole new generation of Fox is on the market at the end of 2018, and it's starting a new product cycle for long Anfort. The 2019 Golden Bulls, the sharp lines, are moving in the middle, the end of 2019, the long Anfort heavy-pound vehicles are on the market, and the whole system is marked with a four-drive system, with 8at+2.0t on board.
The power platform, a four-drive joint venture with a first sale price of less than 200,000, has a strong value for money. Sales have risen steadily since the end of the market, and the current month has seen 5,000.
Suv, currently the flagship model of the Ford state-made vehicle. Explorers have long-term reputational accumulations, long-standing sales of 15 to 20,000 vehicles in the United States market, and national production has become more compatible with prices and designs.
There are fewer options, and the dominant vehicle on the market is the popular and popular Anko flag, one of which is a sticker, with monthly sales maintained at several thousand. Compared to the competitive car model, explorers have a larger body size and axle range, with 2.3t+10at at the same time.
In terms of specific configurations, the entry-level model is offered at a slightly higher price than the competitive model, but in terms of configuration, it is largely due to rivals. We believe that the national product explorers are in a better competitive environment, are highly competitive in terms of product strength, and are expected to become the long Anfort flagship.
Lincoln's state of the market has sold over 2,000 cars a month, raising Ford's brand: three cars are expected to be nationalized in 2020, the first state-made mkc is offline, the state-owned model is known as a adventurer, and the national product price is higher than the import price.
The version has declined, and the large suv pilot has also been nationalized to fill the gap between Ford Lincoln and the big suv, and it is expected that the navigator will be nationalized by the end of the year and the first half of next year to supplement the Ziford Lincoln product line.
Middle-riskers sell 47,000 xt4 on bid. We believe that, with Lincoln's brand nationalization, the long Anfort product line has been fully opened, which is expected to be a positive boost to the long Anfort brand.
Figure 39: xt 4 calendar year sales (vehicles) Figure 38: Cadillac year sales (millions)
In the medium and long term, Chang An Fort is actively promoting the localization of R & D, manufacturing, marketing, etc., and is expected to have indigenous capabilities for new R & D in 2025.
The growth of Enfort has laid a solid foundation. We expect that the growth of Enfort sales in 2020/2011 will be at a rate of four, open-source winding and heavy, and that the mix of asset structures will be optimized. In recent years, the business performance of companies has changed considerably with changes in industry. Suzuki, Suzuki, Suzuki, Suzuki, etc.
In 2019, the company began working on these assets in a gradual manner, and in 2019 it introduced strategic investors, reducing the share of Chang An's car to 25%. In 2020, the new energy technology introduced strategic investments.
At the same time, the company sells the entire share of the joint venture leader, Anpsa. In our view, the introduction of a war offer would not only increase the viability of the respective subsidiary, but also reduce the drag on the company’s overall operations. At the same time, the company actively optimizes its assets and sells the flag.
The next firm is expected to continue to optimize assets under the banner and further adjust the company’s strategic investors for the introduction of new energy to its subsidiary, with the GLA vehicle holding ratio down from 100% to 48.95%: the GLN account equity is 810 million yuan, with an assessment value of 2.72 billion yuan and a value added of 234%.
At the same time, Nanjing Yunko, the Jianjin Fund, the Sanjiang Fund, and the four strategic investors of the Yuzhmorgeologiya Foundation have increased their resources by a total of $2.84 billion. When the replenishment is completed, Chang An, Nanjing Yuko, the Jing Yukang Foundation, the Yujiang Fund, and the South Industrial Fund have accumulated losses of $580 million in new energy sources.
In the medium-to-long term, it can promote the creation of corporate governance, management and operational mechanisms for new energy sources that meet market demands, enhance the core competitiveness of new energy technology companies, and accelerate the implementation of the Shangri-La project.
The company transfers 50% of the holdings of the Long Anpsa to the Bounty Cars: the buyer's front sea is a powerful car fully owned subsidiary, the long Anpsa's net book asset is -520 million yuan, with an assessment value of -3.25 billion yuan, and the accumulated losses of the month's Anpsa $2.2 billion, which will significantly reduce the negative impact on the performance of listed companies when the transaction is completed.
Impact. We believe that the completion of the long Anpsa sale will reduce the company’s loss point and further optimize the company’s asset structure, in line with the strategic transformation of the company. The long Anpsa completed the stock transfer in the first half of 2020, with expected returns of $1.4 billion.
Assumption 1: We assume that long-and-fort sales in 2020-2022 will increase at the same rate as long-term sales in anticipation-led companies, with a rapid increase in sales and performance, respectively. In terms of savings, the company’s sales of the company’s full shareholding of the company’s Chairman, Anpsa, and the completion of the energy mix, will gradually reduce the company’s performance loss point, and governance institutions are being optimized.
In 2020, the Chang-An car was 12 times more than the industry average, and given that the Chang-An vehicle business was on the rise, we believe that there is still room for it to rise. Given that the Chang-Aan car business is on the move, the first time it covers a “buy-in” rating.
(1) Automobile sales are not as high as expected: while corporate brands enter a strong product cycle, their overall performance remains largely influenced by the industry’s climate. The current domestic epidemic has been contained, so domestic car consumption is in the recovery period, but it cannot be ruled out that the recurrence of the epidemic will again have an impact on the auto-consumption industry.
(2) The progress and sales of new vehicles are not as good as expected: the company’s main logic is that the dominant brand will enter a strong new cycle, so that the pace of the new car market and its performance after the new car market will have a direct impact on the company’s subsequent sales and performance.
(3) Risks of mixed improvements and non-recurrent gains and losses are realized or not as expected: the company has now completed the mix of new energy technologies and the sale of the Chang Anpasa, and the subsequent mix will continue. The purpose of the mix is, on the one hand, to reduce industrial bleeding, and, on the other hand, to leverage assets through the introduction of combat investments.
The integration that has been completed is not ideal, and will have a direct impact on the performance of companies at the corporate level. The Huaan Securities New Energy and Automobile Research Group: covers the electricity and automobile industries, Song Wai Jian: five years of experience in the auto industry, a Master’s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and research areas covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy vehicles and traditional cars.
I'd like to place on the map: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of lithium electricity research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.