WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
Growth momentum to accelerate in 2H22E
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB185.17
Strong 1H22 results. WuXi AppTec reported 1H22 revenue of RMB17.8bn, up
(Previous TP
RMB185.04)
69% YoY (71%/66% YoY for 1Q/2Q22), attributable recurring net income of
Up/Downside
92.2%
RMB3.8bn, up 81% YoY (106%/65% YoY for 1Q/2Q22), and attributable adjusted
Current Price
RMB96.36
Non-IFRS net income of RMB4.3bn, up 76% YoY (118%/49% YoY for 1Q/2Q22).
China Healthcare
Earnings are in line with our forecasts with 1H22 revenue / adjusted Non-IFRS net
income accounting for 46%/51%, respectively, of our 2022 full-year estimates.
Jill WU
Revenue growth in 1H22 would have further accelerated by 7.2 ppts to 76% YoY
and adjusted Non-IFRS GPM would have improved by 1.9 ppts YoY to 38.1%
under constant currency exchange rates. The management increased its revenue
Benchen HUANG
growth guidance to 68-72% YoY from 65-70% YoY for 2022E, supported by its
solid RMB35bn backlog (+76% YoY) in 1H22.
interruptions, driven by strong growth from both COVID and non-COVID
projects. WuXi Chemistry revenue jumped by 102% YoY in 1H22, mainly
driven by the 145% YoY revenue growth of chemical CDMO services. Based
on our estimates, the Company booked ~RMB4.2bn revenue from commercial-
stage COVID-19 projects in 1H22, accounting for ~32% of WuXi Chemistry
Stock Data
revenue. Excluding the commercial-stage COVID-19 projects, the segment
revenue still achieved robust growth of 37% YoY in 1H22, indicating a
sustainable demand from non-COVID-19 projects. Driven by the successful
one-stop CRDMO business model, we forecast revenue of WuXi Chemistry to
Source: FactSet
increase 104%/11%/30% YoY in 2022E/23E/24E, representing a 43% CAGR
in FY21-24E.
Shareholding Structure
Cell and gene therapies (CGT) CDMO segment turned positive growth.
from a 3% YoY decline in 2021, thanks to the steady increase in the number
Share Performance
of CGT pipeline projects, from 57 as of end-2021 to 67 as of 1H22. The
Company's revolutionary AAV manufacturing technology, TESSA, has gained
large interests from global clients. Six large biotech/pharma companies are
testing TESSA technology and one large pharma client has already initiated
Source: FactSet
TESSA technology licensure in 1H22. Given the significant yield improvement
(30-40x) and cost saving (10-40x) compared with conventional production
12-mth Price Performance
method (i.e., plasmid transfection), we think TESSA has the potential to
(RM
603259 CHSHCOMP (Rebased)
become a game-changer in global CGT CDMO market.
Expedited globalization pace. Besides the ongoing constructions of large-
scale drug product manufacturing facilities in Delaware, US, WuXi AppTec
announced to further invest US$1.4bn in next 10 years to build full-suite R&D
and manufacturing capabilities in Singapore. Singapore sites will commence
operations by 2025/26 which will enable the Company to better facilitate the
Source: FactSet
growing and diversified client demand.
Maintain BUY. We maintained our TP at RMB185.17, based on a 10-year DCF
model (WACC: 10.94%, terminal growth rate: 3.0%).
Earnings Summary
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets. Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or is
this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her or
directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and
dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in t
research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this rep
interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does not prov
advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of
events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuat
the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strateg
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its affiliate(s)
report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor are
agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the inf
Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM has
ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The info
change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of its cli
should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be away
conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipien
be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended from
CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the independent of the control of the control of the control
research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Au
subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distrib
other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the Financial
Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research
under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an I
the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.