The net return on the mother's profits in the PSDB has increased by 14.88 per cent over the same period, making a significant contribution of non-interest, provision and size.
The first half of the year saw a fall in profit growth over the first quarter, mainly due to a smoother rate of income growth and higher cost growth. Corporate asset-end mortgages were relatively high, debt-end deposits were high, and there was insufficient demand for retail mortgages this year, and deposits grew faster at the macro level.
Under this scenario, the decline in demand for retail credit has affected firm size and interest differentials and depressed interest income; the continued rise in net revenue from savings and fees; faster-led savings agent fees and faster cost growth; and a slight decrease in non-interest-high growth versus hedge income.
Good asset quality remains the most growing species in the business, maintaining a higher rating. Wealth management continues to activate the stock pool advantage, fee revenue continues to rise, net fee income is $17.8 billion, an increase of 56.44 per cent over the previous quarter of the year, with an increase of 39.6 per cent over the previous quarter.
Proximity growth, activation of customer advantage, agency, financial management, and other high-growth contributions. Agent revenue grew by 19.07% over the year, mainly to accelerate the transformational upgrading of wealth management and to achieve rapid growth in the first half through the establishment of diversified wealth management product systems, proxy insurance, etc.
And the one-off push for a net-value product transformation led by the firm’s size of $92,2632 million, the impact of a one-time shift in a product supported this year, or led to a higher base next year. Bad related indicators went up slightly, while absolute asset quality remained excellent.
In the context of the impact of the epidemic and the weak macro-level environment, there has been a slight rise in the marginal pressure on asset quality, with absolute levels still high in the industry. The negative rate of 0.83 per cent, an increase of 1 bp over the previous quarter, is a 16 per cent increase over the previous year. The rate of normal loan migration is higher than in the whole of last year.
Based on the high potential of the company's stock customers, the strong deposit advantages and the excellent quality of its assets, we adjust the public and the recurrent epidemic, the downside of the economy leading to a deterioration in the quality of its assets, which is more than expected; and the regulatory controls, which are more than anticipated.
Bank: Large State-owned banksii
Summary of performance: The Medium-Term Return of the Postal Bank to Mothers in 2022 saw a 14.9 per cent increase in net interest income of 3.8 per cent over the same period, a 56.4 per cent increase in net fees income of the same year, a 10 per cent increase in operating income of the same year, a 9.9 per cent increase in total assets at the beginning of the year, a 12.9 per cent increase in loans at the beginning of the year, a 11.1 per cent increase in deposits, a 0.83 per cent negative rate, a 40.9 per cent increase in provision coverage and a 9.33 per cent increase in core-level capital adequacy.
The net profit return of mothers in the reserve bank grew by 14.88% over the year, and the contribution of non-interest, provision and scale was remarkable. Wealth development led to a 56.4% increase in fees and charges. The first half of the year saw a fall in earnings over the first quarter, mainly as a result of smooth income growth and cost increases. Corporate end-of-asset mortgages were higher, debt-end deposits were higher, retail mortgage demand was insufficient this year, deposits increased.
In a relatively rapid macro-environment, the decline in demand for retail credit has affected firm size and interest differentials and depressed interest income; savings have increased faster than savings agent fees and faster cost growth; non-interest-high growth has slowed off interest-off earnings, with a growth rate of 10.03 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and the firm ' s stock customer base has high potential, high deposit advantages and asset quality remain the most growing varieties in the industry.
Wealth management continues to activate stock advantage, fee income continues to rise, net revenue from fees is $17.880 billion, an increase of 56.44 per cent over the same period, an increase of 39.6 per cent over the previous quarter. Wealth operations continue to rise at a higher rate.
The transformation of rich management has been upgraded, with rapid growth in business income, such as proxy insurance, through the establishment of a diversified wealth management product system, which in the first half of the year amounted to $13.41 trillion in retail aum, an increase of 7.03 per cent compared to the end of the previous year. Financial management revenue of $5.416 billion, an increase of $3.294 billion, is an increase of $3.294 billion in the same year, and one factor in the transformation of goods has influenced support this year, or has led to a higher base next year.
The slowdown is due mainly to a slowdown in retail lending, weak demand for credit, and accelerated growth of instruments. Two quarter ring data are similar, retail is slower, notes are faster, differences are slower in the year-on-year ratio and deposits are slower in the two quarter.
Cost increases, or associated with increases in deposit speed and information technology inputs, are 13.7% higher than in the same year, resulting in a significant increase in profits by 6.1% before the provision, which is lower than operating income by 3.9 percentage points.
On the other hand, savings agent fees and other expenses increased by 14.37 per cent and 17.03 per cent, leading to an increase in cost, mainly due to the increase in the size of the postal agency network, which absorbs deposits from individual clients, and the increase in the cost of information technology inputs and market development, among other things.
In the context of the impact of the epidemic and the weak macro-environment, there has been a slight increase in the marginal pressure on asset quality, the absolute level of indicators is still good in the industry, the non-lending provision has contributed to the profit, the credit-deflated credit provision coverage has been smooth, the impairment loss on assets has decreased by 8 per cent on the same year, with the impairment loss on loans having increased by 64 per cent on the same year, and the non-lending component has decreased by 93 per cent on the same date, as can be seen.
Loans have been reduced, write-offs have remained high, with a loan provision coverage of 409.25%, compared to 4 percentage points in the last quarter, and a loan allocation of 3.4% is almost equal. The epidemic has been repeated, and the economy is over-expected.
Development affects the operation of the real economy, as well as the profitability, and thus the performance of the banking sector’s assets. Since 2022, the epidemic has been repeated, or has negatively affected economic data.
Financial regulation has been exceeding expectations. Since 2021, regulation of hidden government debt and real estate has intensified, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, but if financial regulation is either expected by the supermarket for concessionary policies, it will affect bank earnings performance.