The PBS win-win scheme, set at cost, was intended to transform it. On 30 September, the PBS issued a Board of Directors decision to announce the adjustment of the shares of the China Postal Savings Bank.
The bill on the agency-in-charge rate of savings in the renminbi's personal deposit business, which aims to optimize the structure of deposits and facilitate the transformation of wealth.
Activating client group advantage and asset quality is an excellent growing variety in the big business, maintaining a higher rating. Net fees continue to rise, resulting in a significant reduction in surcharges for two, three, five years, and actual impact or better than measurement in the context of deposit periodicization trends.
This rate adjustment has been significantly reduced by two, three and five years, respectively by 15 bp, 20bp, 30bp, 3 bp and 2 bp with small increases in demand deposits and one-year deposits. The company has published savings agency fees based on savings deposits in the 2021s, calculated at adjusted slotting rates, for 2021, 933.76.
The sum was reduced from 1.29 per cent to 1.27 per cent, and the rate adjustment was intended to guide the proxy network to enhance the marketing of current deposits, at the core of which was the “wealth transformation”, with 26.7 per cent of the individual deposits obtained through the proxy network in 2021, and the periodic range.
The rate adjustment has made the current deposit agent fee more advantageous than other types of deposits, and has helped to direct the agency network to enhance the marketing of low-cost liabilities, such as current deposits, with shareholders and bankers at the core pointing to a “wealth transition”, which reflects their strategic commitment and positive push.
The overall cost of the personal deposit by a deposit agent at the Postal Bank is the cost of the deposit plus the agent's fee, taking into account the interest rate on the deposit for the month of September The reduced deposit pricing and adjusted rate, the current cost + the agent's cost 2.58 per cent, and the other share.
The bill still needs to be followed up by a general meeting of shareholders, and the main shareholders in related transactions need to be avoided. The bill takes into account the interests of controlling shareholders, reserve banks, and investors, and is beneficial to the shareholders of the reserve bank.
On the basis of the market value collected on 29 September 2022, which also contributed to the improvement of the long-term liability structure of the Postal Bank, and to the transformation of its wealth.
Postal Bank: Continuing high net revenue from charges 2020823 Postal Bank: Sustained rapid growth in non-interest income 20220403
Bank: Large State-owned banksii
The banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. Since 2022, the epidemic has been repeated, or negatively affects economic data.