Postal Bank (601658): wealth management led by rapid growth in revenue and maintenance of sound asset quality
On 22 August, the Postal Bank published its semi-annual report for 2022, which enabled the collection and pre-resourcing of profits, the placement of the Postal Bank at the service of the Three Farmers, urban and rural residents and small and medium-sized enterprises at 13.35 per cent, an increase of 0.05 pt over the same period.
Industry, committed to providing services to the most dynamic client groups in China’s economic transition, and to accelerating the growth of revenue to data-driven, coordinated channels, batches, in size and non-interest-driven conditions.
The bank has excellent asset quality and significant growth potential, and China is leading the way. By profit break-ups, the main contribution to performance growth is a smooth expansion (+8.4%),
Large retail commercial banks. Faced with a promising period of strategic opportunity for economic and social development in China, the Bank will deepen its efforts to implement new development concepts, deepen reforms and innovations, and accelerate progress towards “specialization and integration”
The main drag (-3.9 per cent) is the consolidation, lightening, digitization, intensification” transformation, holding asset-end rates of return down, consolidation of end-of-debt advantage, and a small reduction in net interest differentials.
Continuing to improve the economic performance of service entities, investing in service clients ' ability to deliver 2.2 per cent, down 9bp from 2021, mainly due to interest-bearing asset yields and interest-bearing liability payments, working to build client trust, distinctiveness and soundness
The interest rate has remained stable. At the asset end: in the first half of the year, the impact of repeated epidemics, increased macroeconomic downward pressure, lpr whole, innovation-driven, high-value, large retail commercial silver subsides: 1h22 loan returns, 7bp returns on investment, and 7bp returns on investment, respectively, compared to 2021
The interest-bearing liability rate is at a flat rate of 1.65%; the cost of the liability is low and stable, reflecting the ability of the postal bank to lead the 52-week equity range. We believe that the current deposit ratio is significantly lower than that of comparable counterparts.
The equity bank is located in the “three farmers”, urban and rural residents, small and medium-sized enterprises, deep-ploughing the territory on the basis of the self-employment and agency model, and retailing features.
Since 2019, companies have been working hard to build wealth management systems, strengthening client stratification, forming teams of professional finance managers, improving product lines and integrated financial services, and promoting capacity-building in research and development.
The upgrading of the wealth management system has led to the gradual growth of sales, credit cards, trustees, investment banks, etc., where the assets are of sound quality and sufficient value to be provided. By the end of June, the rate of non-performing loans by the Postal Bank had been 0.83 per cent, and the ring had risen by 1 bp: the rate of non-performing loans generated in the first half of the year was 0.77 per cent, 17 bp more than in 2021, but still remains.
The low level is due mainly to a rise in credit card and consumer loan undergeneration due to higher downward pressure in the first half of the year, a severe employment situation, and lower residential incomes. It is expected that, as the impact of the epidemic subsides and the economy cools and recovers, non-performing retail lending will gradually improve in the second half of the year.
In terms of sex indicators, the concern about loan rates and overdue loans is 0.51% and 0.91%, an increase of 4bp investment proposals from the end of the previous year: Postbanks are highly retail and are more growth-oriented. Based on the self-employed + agency model, the company has nearly 40,000 business outlets, leading in numbers and sinking in depth.
S14801907002 has a solid client base and a liability advantage.
The wealth management strategy is well advanced, adding a stronger customer base, and is expected to lead to a rapid increase in tianxy@dxzq.net.cn in the growth potential of the retail business of good companies, as well as in the room for growth of roe brought about by market-based reforms of institutional mechanisms.
Maintenance of the “strongly recommended” rating. Source of Eastern financial and intellectual boom. Figure 2: Net profit of the 2q22 season by the Postal Bank by 11.8 per cent in year
Figure 3: 1q22, 1h22 performance split by PSB
Figure 5: Postal Bank net interest difference of 1h22 was 2.27 per cent, a decrease of 9bp from 2021. Figure 6: Reserve Bank provision coverage was 409.3 per cent at the end of June. Figure 7: Portfolio Bank non-performing loan rate of 0.83 per cent at the end of June, with a ring increase of 1bp
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the forest, the source of the forest, the source of the world's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east, the source of the world's wealth, the source of the world, the source of the world, the source of the world,
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Postal Bank (601658): The management of wealth leads to rapid growth in revenue and the maintenance of sound asset quality, and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.