On August 22, the Postal Bank issued a 22h1 report.
Youy+10 per cent; net profit for mothers is 47.11 billion yuan, yoy+14.9 per cent; bad rate is 0.83 per cent, provision coverage is robustly growing, and the rate of increase is strong upwards. As of 22h1, net profit for mothers is small by 0.1 pct, and net profit for mothers is equal by 2.9 pct, but remains at a better level of nearly 15 per cent.
Disbursing, influenced by narrow net interest differentials, net interest income increased by the same rate-0.3 pct; net fee income statement stands out as the same rate-up +16.9 pct, mainly driven by financial operations, whose income increased by the same year-on-year effect of income recognition; other non-interest income earned by the same rate-up-rate link has fallen but remains at 30.7 per cent.
The wealth management transition is “achieving”. The post office continuously promotes the implementation of the wealth management strategy, and the client has passed through the \triangleright Yusen.
At the camp, as of 22H1, the number of wealth clients had passed 4 million, compared to 17.5 per cent, with additional assets contributing more than 40 per cent in size; at the asset management level, the size of the net-value product of the medium post management was higher than at the beginning of the year + 11 per cent, or more than $850 billion; and at the same time, the build-up of the capacity of the cumulative investment system and digital services to promote retail customers aum
Research assistant in Bovin, with a strong credit and a small proximate bias towards inclusion, the net interest gap has narrowed. As of 22h1, total loans \triangleright
The same ratio +12.9 per cent and the ring is a small drop, but still leads by 3 pct of total assets, while actively pursuing the inclusive nature of the capital, with inclusive micro-enterprise loans equal to +22.7 per cent; at the end of the debt, total deposits at the same rate of increase are down at the beginning, and the cost ratio of interest-bearing liabilities is stable. The net difference is lower than at the beginning of the year - 9bp, mainly interest-bearing.
As of 22h1, the bad rate ring ratio +1bp, \triangleright 2. Postal Bank (601658.sh) explained in 2021 that:
But it is still better than comparable partners, and the rate of concern and delay is slightly higher than it was at the beginning of the year. The increase is mainly due to more outbreaks in the first half of the year, which have had a short-term impact on the quality of personal loan assets, including consumer loans and credit card rates.
\triangleright’s upswing has led to steady performance growth; wealth management transitions have been very effective, with good growth in client operations, size of finances, aum; and large-scale credit “geese”, inclusive micro-credit lending
\triangleright Figure 1: PSDB ' s performance as of 22h1 increased on a year-on-year basis Figure 2: PSB ' s performance as of 22h1 increased on a year-on-year basis (single season)
Figure 3: Net interest, net fee income as at 22h1 by PPB, as at the same rate of increase, Figure 10: Portfolio Bank ' s non-performing loan rate as at 22h1 Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.