Qu Xu Engineering Company (000425). q2 is out of the epidemic, and the year-end mix is worth looking forward to the semi-annual 2020 performance evaluation of Xu Xu Engineering.
In the case of cranes, revenue has risen by 11%, with many product markets having made a breakthrough. By branch, companies earn $12,692 million, or +10.58%, and the wheel crane market is the world’s largest; and the machinery of the builder earns $3.531 billion, or +3.75%, and spare parts for engineering machinery and others.
Market value in circulation (millions): Increased number of related party materials. 34.2 million vehicles were sold in the auto crane industry in January-July, compared to +26.38 per cent, and companies were consistently strong as industry leaders.
Don't increase by 5.7 pct, 8.4 pct, the share of the amortization market is 13.6 pcccct is the highest in the industry. Profitability is running smoothly, financial costs and bad debts are holding up profits.
During the first half of the year, the company calculated a total of 951 million yuan for various types of impairment (credit impairment + asset impairment), one of which is expected to be completed by the end of the year, and Xu's profits released in a flexible manner under the new mechanism. Xu, who is expected to be completed by the end of the year, has now signed a strategic cooperation agreement.
Quarterly reviews: The quality of assets continues to be optimized and the mix plan continues to move forward. Under the new mechanism of the Red Gene Plus Private Sector Scheme, Xu's profits will increase rapidly. We expect that after the mix, Xu's limited net interest rates will increase considerably, and the profits will be released.
In addition, after the transformation, Xu's quality capital, such as a limited excavator, miner, concrete machine, etc., is expected to accelerate the injection into a listed company with a further increase in the overall profitability and valuation levels of the company.
In the second half of the year, capital projects, funds, and the completion of the project have been the main objectives, the sale of engineering machinery has come again, and equipment needs remain high. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.