Xu's machine, loss of exchange and large impairments affect the release of profits, and then they're on the ground.
In the first half of the year, the impact of the epidemic, the strengthening of countercyclical adjustments, the push for two new ones, the renewal of equipment, the tightening of environmental policies and the change of machines were driven by many factors.
The engineering and machinery industry continued to have a high profile and corporate revenue grew by 12.6 per cent, but the net profit from the return was small compared to the net profit from the other year, with the core product growing in full reverse, the market for high-end products falling, mainly as a result of the global spread of the epidemic, which resulted in exchange rate fluctuations and more than sufficient impairment losses, q2, the company alone.
The value has risen steadily; the counterweight captures the quality of the business and the strong control of the business, and the net profit of the mother has increased by 17.9%.
The market for high-end, multiple high-end products was strong in the first half of the year.
The same-year-old growth of 5.7 pct, 8.4 pct, with a significant increase in the market share of the amplifier, 13.6 pcct remaining in the forefront of the industry; the first-highling, horizontal, steady-driving industry, with a 93.9 per cent increase in the volume of new products and well-drillers on the same basis; and the highest class of high-altitude fire-fighting vehicles continuing to be in the forefront of the industry, with sales of high-altitude platforms increasing by 104.6 per cent compared to 104.6 per cent and the highest ranking in the domestic arm market.
The overall increase in the market share of high-altitude operational vehicles was a good feedback from the Division’s adherence to a high-quality development strategy, with an increase in the market share of high-altitude operational vehicles up by 8.4 pct to the industry line.The cost rate for the company period was 10.0%, an increase of 1.8 pct over the same period, with sales costs, management costs, R & D costs, finance
Upgraded by 1.65 pct, the higher financial cost rate was mainly due to higher exchange losses due to exchange rate fluctuations, and companies continued to focus on the continued optimization of operating indicators, the capture of business quality and control of business risks, the decline in full-calibre overdue receivables at the beginning of the year, and the new business overdue rate was contained at less than 1 per cent in 2020. The overall Māori rate for companies in the first half of the year was 18.3 per cent, compared with the same base period last year.
The Māori ratio of the company ' s core products remained relatively stable, demonstrating high-quality and efficient business results, and was influenced by high-value and discounted inter-period rates, with net interest rates falling by 1.5 to 5.9 per cent in the first half of the year, against a background of lower prices for multiple engineering and mechanical products than in the same period last year.
Xu Xu is moving in an orderly fashion, energy efficiency is improving, and the company is expected to move on to a new stage after the injection of high-quality assets. Xu Xu Xu's limited number has been publicly listed on the Jiangsu Property Exchange on 24 June, and is expected to complete the transformation in the course of the year.
At the same time, the company’s parent company also owns high-quality assets such as excavators, concrete, towers, etc. The first six months of excavators grew by 0.9 pct over the same year, staying in the top 2 of the domestic market, where the market share of large mine excavators with a foreign brand of over 65 tons was raised by 6.3 pct to the top 5 worldwide; and the concrete mixes.
Merger sales increased by 106.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, market shares increased by 3.7 pct on a year-on-year basis; tower sales increased by 122.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, market shares increased by 7.1 pct on a year-on-year basis, and these high-quality new business assets are expected to be injected into the company, which will then become more diversified and subject to reduced cyclical volatility, and new operations will be spread to the company on a long-term, stable basis.
Global epidemic control is not as fast as expected, downstream recovery is not as fast as expected, industry competition is increasing, and capital and real estate investments are below expectations.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations