On September 22, the company released information from its controlling shareholders on the progress of the change, and after this change, the company's actual controller was Xu.
The Workers’ Group, this transfer of equity and replenishment project will not lead to changes in the physical control of the company.
On 22 September, the company ' s controlling shareholders had their boots mixed, and the equity transfer project had transferred only 18.41 per cent, 8.59 per cent and 6.14 per cent of the shares held by Xu to Jiangsu State Xin Group Limited, Xinjin Financial Assets Investment Limited, and Silver Financial Assets Investment Limited respectively. A total of 12 strategic investors were involved in Xu ' s limited replenishment project, with a total investment portfolio.
The sum of $14.79 billion, of which Xu's gold sails, as an employee holding platform, invested a limited amount of $868.5 million in Xu's shareholding, which will make it possible for the company to optimize its capital structure, improve its operating efficiency and make the equity structure more efficient in the long term.
Diversifying and making decision-making mechanisms more flexible and efficient. As the process moves forward, the injection of high-quality in vitro assets is expected to accelerate, with the sale of parent machines, concrete machines, towers growing rapidly in 2019, the ring comparison continues to improve, and the consolidation of in vitro superior assets is expected to open the company’s valuation space further.
The world-class champion of crane equipment, the international market, will be a bright sign of growth. Domestic crane sales are dominated by auto cranes, accounting for more than 70%, and the company’s domestic car crane market is 40%, leading the industry. In the short term, they will benefit from artificial replacement, new infrastructure and environmental emission policies.
We believe that in the middle of the epidemic, corporate engineering equipment is expected to be deployed. Corporate-wide mobile cranes are the world’s largest market, growing 26% in 2019 as compared to the same year in overseas operations, with the total number of products exported being industry’s first.
The “recommended” rating is maintained for world-class engineering and high-end product markets. Research assistant: Lighten up, demand for engineering machinery is lower than expected, and competition patterns in the industry are worsening.
2. Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425): Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
University Master ' s degree in civil securities, 2020; Kwang Liang, Research Assistant, six-year career experience in securities funds, covering engineering machinery, photovoltaic equipment, lithium electricity equipment, and Master ' s degree in applied statistics, University of South China, 2020 Allied Civil Security.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.