In the second quarter of the epidemic, performance continued to be high in the beneficiary sector: the company announced its semi-annual report for 2020, which generated a revenue of $35,068 million, compared to the increase in the same year; the engineering and machinery industry erupted after the epidemic, and the company's performance went up in the second quarter: quarterly.
In the first half of the year, the combined Māori rate for companies was 18.31%, up 1.83 pct compared to the same period last year, with a significant increase in financial costs of $564 million, mainly due to exchange rates.
The change resulted in losses; the net profit rate was 5.88 per cent, down 1.45 pct from the same period the previous year.
Co-development of firms and groups and increasing product competitiveness: company crane revenues of 12,292 million, an increase of 10.58 per cent in the same year, and wheel crane market ownership of the world ' s highest; stump workers ' machinery revenues of 3.5 billion, an increase of 3.75 per cent in the same year, and swing rigs, horizontally directed drilling of the country ' s top;
At the group level, the share of excavators has increased by 0.9 pct, and is stable in the interior of the country.
The roll-out will open up a new chapter in Xu's field; the concrete mixer has increased by 106.8 per cent over the same period, raising its share by 3.7 pct; and high-quality assets under the towers are expected to be injected and the business synergized.
Quality of assets, limited mix of Xu workers, active promotion of capital investment in the country after the epidemic, sustained high-profile beneficiary sectors: first quarter epidemic versus medium - 2020/04/30.
The country’s economy has had a significant impact, and the country has been investing more in infrastructure since the outbreak.
Beautiful, look at the high-quality assets of the Quick Start Group, the cumulative sales of 1,895 million heart-diggers in January-July, an increase of 26.73 per cent in the same year, the cars, the cumulative sales of 34.2 million cranes in January-July, an increase of 26.38 per cent in the same year, and still in place.
The company will continue to benefit as the second half of the season’s small peaks arrive, and the sale of engineering and machinery plates is expected to continue beyond expectations. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: we expect the company’s net profits for 2020-2022, respectively.
Practice Qualifications Code: Practice Qualifications Code: Performance upwards in the second quarter of the epidemic, continuing to benefit from the high profile of the industry
After the second quarter of the epidemic, the industry continued to benefit from high-profile industrial research and research in the industrial chain, especially in robotics and automation-related sectors.
Heart, in July 2017, was better placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Center, in September 2017, was better placed to take advantage of industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.