The second quarter is turning back to good, and the valuation space is expected to open.
Growth of 12.56 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of 2,062 million yuan, a 9.7 per cent decline over the same period; implementation of a counterproductive innovation development strategy under the epidemic and recovery of high growth in the second quarter.
During the first quarter of the epidemic, affected by losses on exchange and significant impairment of assets, the company experienced a sharp decline in net profits, which led to a reverse innovation development strategy and a 17.90% increase in net profit returns in the first quarter of the second quarter.
On June 24, \triangleright, the controlling shareholder, Xu Industries Group Ltd., publicly listed the mixed ownership reform replenishment project to raise $15,656 million from strategic investors and employee-owned platforms, which helped to optimize the capital structure of the company.
Increased operational efficiency, with more diversified equity structures and more flexible and efficient decision-making mechanisms. As the process moves forward, the in vitro injection of high-quality assets is expected to accelerate, with the sale of parent machines, concrete machines and towers growing rapidly in 2019, and future injections of listed companies will further open up the company’s valuation space.
At present, domestic crane sales are dominated by auto cranes, which account for more than 70 per cent of the total, and the company ' s domestic vehicle cranes account for more than 70 per cent of the total.
In the short term, we have benefited from the deployment of artificial substitution, new infrastructure, and environmental emission policies, and we believe that in the mid-to-end of the epidemic, corporate engineering equipment is expected to be deployed. Corporate mobile cranes account for the largest share of the world’s total, with an increase of 26 per cent in revenue from overseas operations in 2019, and total output exports are among the top in the industry.
With the expansion of overseas production bases, offshore operations will also be an important growth point for the future. Research assistant: Close the door to world-class engineering, and high-end product markets are growing, covering “recommended” ratings for the first time.
Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute and former Director of the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of State Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Agency