The sale of the npm copper gold mine to optimize the company's path to development — the company's incident assessment report in the Luoyang industry (603993.sh).
100% shareholding of fuhh@cfsc.com.cn, the company's fully-owned subsidiary Loma Holdings proposed to hold cmoc $105052307001
100% of the metalsoldingmited shares are valued at $756 million, and the dollar is transferred to unrelated third-party debt transfer, which is expected by the end of December 2023.
The company's capital allocation efficiency is enhanced by stripping the npm copper gold mine.
The net profit is $16.06 million and $1.621 million, respectively. In 2020, the shares entered into a deal with a third party through the fully-owned subsidiary, cmocmetals, in which the gold flow was the gold from the npm copper mine.
The company's current disposal of Australian assets and business, linked to the production of silver, will require the buyer to assume the rights and obligations under the previous contract for the shares and cmocmetals.
The net profits of the Npm copper gold mine, which accounts for a smaller share of the group’s production and net profit contribution, are reflected in the development priorities of the group, as well as in the reduction of the group’s asset-liability ratio.
The company's management and board of directors decided to strip the npm copper gold mine to increase the efficiency of capital distribution. On 5 December 2023, the Luoyang molybdenum industry sold its full capital for $756 million, the Luoyang molybdenum industry (603993): tfm copper.
100% of the company ' s cmocmining, cmocmtals. Cobalt re-exports, company ' s q2 performance ring re-changes Main elements of the transaction: (1) trade swaps for 100% of the cmocmining stock
(a) US$197,999,999 from copper and cobalt production capacity to be released from the main metal minerals.
(b) The buyer paid in cash; (b) USD 202,000,000 as cmoc financing to repay the loan it owed to the relevant shareholders of the company prior to the transaction, to be paid by the buyer to the company in the form of an unsecured loan it made to the cmocmining;
(c) The sum of US$ 356,000,000 was to be paid by the buyer to cmocmetas for an equivalent amount of an instrument payable to cmocmetas, which offsets an equivalent amount of an instrument issued by the Lomega Holdings to cmocmtals.
(2) transactions with a 100 per cent stake in cmocmetals are valued at US$ 1 and paid by the buyer in cash. (3) Between 1 July 2024 and 30 June 2027,
Revenue from the sale of copper from the npm copper gold mine under the cmocmining flag (based on 80 per cent interest of the cmoc mine at npm) is paid to the company for an additional exchange price (per quarter, paid on an annual basis) based on (a) the base copper price agreed to in the agreement (lme)
(b) 25 per cent of the revenue generated by copper produced in this range (above $4.00/lb) equal to or above $4.00/lb per day; (b) benchmark copper price agreed upon in the agreement equals or exceeds
4.25 US$/lb but less than US$ 4.50/lb, 35 per cent of revenue from copper produced within this range (up to US$ 4.25/lb); and (c) benchmark copper price of US$ 4.50/lb, as agreed in the agreement, produced within this range
45 per cent of income generated (over $4.50/lb). US$22,000,000 as a 100 per cent equity exchange for cmocmining This profit forecast is slightly lower than in the previous period, mainly due to company tfm products
Export restrictions have affected sales, and the average sales price of corporate cobalt and phosphorus products has fallen. We believe that the company's copper and cobalt mineral volume will continue to grow at a high rate and copper prices will remain high, thus maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating.
1) Risk of significant price reductions for products; 2) Copper Cobalt expansion and reptiles are less than expected; 3) Introduction to New Materials Groups Overseas, The Strategy and Six Years of New Energy Research Experience.
Du Fei, a member of the carbon neutral group, a Bachelor of Science from Nakayama University, a Master of Science from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, and responsible for research on color and new materials, reflects my research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.