New industries: gradual improvement in the country, sustained high growth abroad, operating income of $3.428 billion, an increase of 0.39 per cent in the same year; net profit return of $1,205 million and net profit of $434 million for mothers, a decrease of 9.72 per cent in the same year; net profit deduction from non-return of $410 million, a decrease in the same year
In the domestic market, companies achieved income of $1,955 million in the first three quarters, down 11 per cent from the same period, largely affected by the phasing of centralized purchases and test packages.
In the context of measuring the pressure, the company, thanks to an increase in its market share, recorded a reverse increase in the last three quarters, demonstrating greater operational resilience. In the last three quarters, the company completed 1144 fully automated chemical luminators, of which 78 per cent were large, and the same configuration was optimized.
Total stock/flow (billion shares) Cumulative loaders of the product satlarst8 stream have significantly exceeded the total market value/flow of water for the entire year 2024 (billions)
The rapid release of the current water line marks a substantial breakthrough in the market expansion of the company ' s large domestic medical terminals, and is expected to gradually lead to a steady increase in the sale of conventional reagents.
In the overseas market, the company achieved principal operating income of $1,467 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 21 per cent over the previous three months. Reagent operations performed particularly well, with 37 per cent growth in revenue over the same period, driving the combined overseas gross interest rate up to 69.49 per cent, exceeding domestic market levels.
<New industry: Continuing growth in sea travel, domestic operations, 2,631 luminous instruments, and sales of large- and medium-scale luminous instruments up to 76%. >--2025-09
The growing influence of cards, with companies focusing on high-speed machine models x 8 and x 6 and stream lines t8 reporting in < New Industry < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < > > > ; promotion and application among large end-users of domestic operations; continued upgrading of client equipment is expected to be significant.
The company’s medium- and long-term growth has laid a solid foundation. < < New Industry Stocktaking Report: The share of medium-sized and large-scale instruments has gradually improved compared to domestic trends and is expected to return to warmth. >
The second quarter was the most significant stage of the drop in end-testing; the logical testing project was gradually resumed, with the issuance of guidelines for test-sets in the provinces.
At the price level, centralized purchases cover tumours, thyroid, gland and infectious diseases.
The effect on reagent prices, for example, has been reflected since the third quarter of 2024, so at the Research Assistant: Li Shui-Iwai, a collection of impacts. Cost of sales, overhead, R & D, financial costs, etc.
New industries: domestic gradual improvement, high growth overseas, new industry: domestic gradual improvement, high growth overseas Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
This report is issued only to the signatory clients of the service agreement with the Pacific securities, the exclusive research product of the Pacific securities-contracting customers, and if you are not a Pacific securities-contracting customer, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any information in this report. Pacific securities will not be considered a Pacific securities customer by the recipient as a result of receiving, reading or paying attention to the content of this report in the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies referred to in the report, and may also offer licences for any of these companies. ]