The company is a domestic low-pressure electrical and household head business, with a steady increase in operating income and a small profit.
The company is the provider of low-voltage appliances with the largest domestic brand and the largest household photovoltaics downstream of low-voltage appliances, covering several economic pillars, with a domestic market space of 91 billion in 2025.
Low-pressure power supply. Among these, low-pressure appliances are dominated by “triple-up” products, market size, fast-loading, high-speed demand for low-pressure appliances in wind and light storage, new energy vehicles, and steady growth in market demand in traditional real estate, construction, and business.
The market space for low-pressure appliances in the country is projected to accelerate the replacement of domestic production in 2023-2025, and market concentration is rising gradually. In 2022, the share of top foreign investors, such as Schneider, Delisi, and abb, together stood at 33.7%.
As the first low-pressure electrical provider in the country, the share of companies rose from 12.1 per cent in 2011 to 14.8 per cent in 2022, raising by 2.7 pct. In terms of market concentration, the concentration of low-pressure appliances has gradually increased, and the share of the country’s leading markets has continued to rise.
The household photovoltaic market is growing at a steady rate, with the city of Cheyenne continuing to take the lead. The company is leading the household utility industry, which in 2023 grew by more than 12gw, with a corresponding increase of 67 per cent, with the city accounting for 29 per cent, ranking first on the market for many years. We expect domestic households in 2024-2026 to be the year 2024-2026.
In 2023, the domestic photovoltaic installation market was about 86 per cent, with a more stable industry pattern.
The company's share in the domestic market for low-voltage appliances is about 14.8 per cent. It is the largest supplier of low-voltage appliances in the country's brand, and in the case of new photovoltaic energy plates, the company is mainly involved in the sale and operation of domestic photovoltaic plants and centralized photovoltaics. In 2023, the company's share in the market was nearly 30 per cent, and it was the largest household photovoltaic.
The corporate equity structure and the major subsidiaries The corporate equity structure is stable, the parent company Jung-Thai Group holds a share of 96.32 per cent of the Cheong-Thai Electric, and the real control of the South’s stocks is vested in the Jin-Thai Electrics, which together hold 53.00 per cent of the company’s shares directly and indirectly.
The main subsidiaries of the real-time low-pressure electrical plate include: 1) Nojak Electric is an internationalized brand in the middle and upper end of the market, mainly responsible for products such as new energy sources, electricity, data communications, industrial projects, etc.; 2) Construction Electric is responsible for construction appliances such as smart building equipment, smart homes, etc.;
The instrumentation subsidiary is responsible for measuring products such as instrument instrumentation, smart terminal equipment, etc. 3) Heung-tae Electric is a subsidiary of Jung-tae under the flag responsible for the transmission and distribution of electrical equipment and ultra-high voltage equipment.
(c) The direct development, production and sale of products such as photorestrictives and energy storage equipment, which were collected in 2023 by a publicly held company of the real-estate electrical appliances.
In addition, in 2022, the company completed the stripping of the company's photovoltaic component business.
The director of the company, Yugeshi Nam, was a founder and representative of the National People’s Congress, Vice-President of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Consultative Council and the All-China Agricultural Federation, and served as President of the Board of the China Industrial Economic Union, Vice-President of the China Mechanical Industry Federation and Vice-President of the China Electrical Industry Association.
Director Chen Kuo Liang is currently also the Director and Director and Managing Director of the Chuo Tai Group, the Managing Director of the Cheong Tai Group low voltage electric power industry, the General Manager of the small circuit breakers company, the Vice-President of the Gang, the General Manager of the Chue Tai Electric Entrepreneurship Department, the General Manager of the Marketing Centre, and so forth, and has extensive industrial and corporate management experience.
In February 2024, the company simultaneously issued its 2024 Staff Holding Plan, covering 82 persons, including the Assistant Director-General of the Investment Development Centre, General Manager of the Department of Electrical and International Trade, Secretary of the Board of Directors.
Including eight executives, the number of shares was 1%. The increase of $13.90 in the employee holding plan was mainly due to the growth of household photovoltaic plates, and the company’s operating income from low-pressure electrical services remained stable.
The net return to the mother was $1,081 million, corresponding to 6.3 per cent, or the seasonality of a company ' s home-based photovoltaic operations, which, in terms of company-owned products, contributed more steadily to low-pressure electrical operations, which accounted for 3.2 per cent less than the three-year compound increase in the area of land completion, and lower-pressure appliances, where investment slowed.
Demand is higher. In 2023, companies collected $20.14 billion in low-pressure electrical operations, an increase of 3.1 per cent, or 35.2 per cent of the total, while the gross profit on low-pressure electrical plates contributed $5.65 billion, or 45.6 per cent, to the high demand for domestic photovoltaic markets in recent years, and three years in 2020-2023 for additional domestic photovoltaics.
The compound growth rate was 62.9 per cent, with companies growing faster in photovoltaic operations. In 2023, the company collected more than RMB 1 billion, or 54.4 per cent.
The primary raw materials for low-pressure appliances are copper, silver, etc., which account for about 45% of the cost of low-pressure appliances, and the volatility of raw materials leads to a decline in the company ' s Māori ratio. 2024q1 Māori ratio is 22.9% compared to 1.7 pt, ring ratio + 3.57 pt, mainly from late 23 years to the present, the demand for low-pressure appliances for electricity grids and new energy sources is rising at a lower rate for companies.
The digestion of the stock of ballast appliances is evident, as a result of price increases for low-pressure electrical products. Figure 8: Comparison of the Māori rate of each business section of the company (%) Financial analysis such as the cost of the company
Electric presses and home-based photovoltaic head companies, which are leading and growing faster in the capture-scale industry of the same product, with marginal effects from size, have effectively reduced the overall cost-rate level of the company. The rate for the 2024q1 period was 11.4 per cent, an increase of 2.2 pct, a decline of 0.2 pct over the same period, and a steady decline in the cost-rate level.
The rate of growth in the company’s revenue growth rate was faster in 2020-2023, with a rise in the share of photovoltaic operations, resulting in a downward shift in the overall net interest rate of the company, while low-pressure electrical services continued to decline in the company’s roe/roic level as the price of raw materials continued to rise.
The company’s operating net cash flow/business income continued to decline between 2020 and 2023, and the company’s stock turnover days continued to rise, owing to the relatively slow turnover of household photovoltaic power stations, which were accompanied by rapid growth in the company’s utility operations, a decline in the company’s operating cash flow/business income, and inventory.
In terms of corporate dividends, listed companies have continued to redecorate their cash to date, cumulatively 38.770 billion, 2019 to date low-pressure appliances: the overall level of downstream growth, new energy sources and electricity grids, the entire social power supply is a fundamental driver of growth in the size of the low-pressure appliance market, and the global economy is growing steadily.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) expects global electricity demand to grow at a rate of 2.7% per year, more than double from 25 trillion kilowatt-hours in 2021 to close to 54 trillion kilowatt-hours in 2050. If electrification is taken into account, it is expected to increase at a rate of 2.7% per year.
The global market for low-pressure appliances in 2023-2027 is projected to increase steadily from $405.2 billion to $45.51 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 2.9 per cent for the industry, according to a successful electrical advisory agency.
The Americas (including Oceania) and Europe are the two largest markets for low-pressure appliances worldwide, accounting for more than 60%, followed by China, which accounts for 20% + of the overall market. As a result of the steady economic growth of our economy, investment in fixed assets has grown steadily, and our market for low-pressure appliances has grown steadily.
The 10-year compound growth rate of 4.1 per cent, except for the rest of the year, which was affected by the low profile of industries such as downstream real estate in 2022, figure 16: Market size and acceleration of the domestic low-pressure electrical industry (comparable to macro-data acceleration) Trends in the low-pressure electrical industry
Low-voltage appliances, which are dominated by a " three-by-one " connection, are the cornerstones of the distribution system structure. Low-voltage appliances are mainly bound to communicate 1,200 v, straight-flow 1,500v, and will be used below the limits to achieve switching, control, protection, detection, transformation and regulation of circuits or non-electric objects.
The structural building blocks, most of the industrial, agricultural, transport, defence and general power sectors, use low-voltage power, which is transmitted through high-voltage circuits, have to be downgraded by the power substations at all levels, then distributed through the distribution systems at all levels, and eventually enter the end user. The main product structure of the low-voltage appliances is a “triple-on-one” frame breaker, plastic.
Shell breakers, mini-breakers, contactors, “triple-up” products account for about 86% of the market size of the overall low-voltage electrical product. Low-voltage appliances downstream cover construction, industrial projects and multiple economic costs such as oems, power generation and grids, and infrastructure.
With the steady growth of our national economy in recent years, investment in fixed assets has led to steady growth in our industrial, construction, and social use of electricity. At the same time, with the recovery of the economy following the epidemic, the “double carbon” and digitalization of the country’s real estate, industry, electricity grid, infrastructure, etc.
The strong growth has driven the country’s rapid growth in the low-pressure electrical sector. According to the winning data, the decline in the number of infrastructure projects in 2022 has led to a decline in our low-pressure electrical industry in 2022, and the market for low-pressure appliances in 2022 was 85,550 million yuan.
The share of the construction sector in the downstream market was highest at 31.7 per cent, followed by the accelerated replacement of national production by industrial projects and a gradual increase in market concentration. The share of top foreign capital, such as Schneider, Delisi, and abb, in 2022, was 33.7 per cent, and for many years, the national brand, represented by Jung-hye, continued to rise as a national product.
In 2015-2022, the domestic market for low-voltage appliances grew at a rate of 4.8 per cent, and in 2015-2022, it was used as a low-pressure electrical tap with a combined growth rate of 7.6 per cent over the period of business income.
In terms of future market size, the demand for electrical appliances in wind storage and new energy vehicles will grow at a high rate as the volume of light, wind and power storage in the new energy sector rises rapidly.
216.88gw, a year-on-year ratio of +148 per cent, and about 390gw, a year-on-year global increase of 71.8 per cent. As countries around the world continue to work actively on "doubt carbon" and work to increase the share of new energy sources in the energy mix, we expect that the number of new photovoltaics will reach 458,526.7.595gw in 2024-2026.
On 1 March 2024, the Standing Committee of the Council of State considered the adoption of the Programme of Action for the Promotion of Large-scale Equipment Renewal and the Exchange of Consumer Goods for the Old, which proposed “encouragement of consumer goods, such as cars, to replace them with old ones, with an effect of renewal on scale”.
With a combination of factors such as the centralization of new models, the continued increase in the value of existing models, and policy support, the sale of electric vehicles is expected to continue to warm. We expect that the domestic sales of new energy vehicles will reach a high level in 2024-2026.
On 29 February 2024, at the twelfth session of the China-China Political Bureau, the Secretary-General of Xi Jinping stated: “In order to adapt to the energy transition, build new energy infrastructure networks and speed up the construction of a network of charging infrastructure to support new energy.
We believe that, with policy support and real demand combined, the number of power-filled pillars is expected to grow steadily. During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the National Plan for the Power Net was to invest 2.4 trillion yuan in the current grid, and the Southern Plan for the Net was to invest approximately 670 billion yuan in the grid, and two major grid companies.
On 1 March of that year, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency issued guidance on high-quality development of the grid in the new context, stating that by 2025, the grid racks would be stronger and clearer, with a reasonable capacity to supply and distribute, and that the capacity and flexibility of the grid would increase significantly, with a new energy distribution of around 500gw and 12 million.
We believe that new energy infrastructure networks will be further built in the country in the future, that smart infrastructure will be transformed and that smart microgrids will be built, that the capacity of grids to absorb, configure and regulate clean energy will be enhanced, and that grid investments will be expected to grow steadily.
In 2023, according to the cnesa data, the capacity of the new storage capacity increased by 215% compared to 52.5gwh. In 2023, the capacity of the domestic storage capacity was 82.8gwh, compared to 26.5%.
Figure 25: Investment in national grids, Southern grids "135" and "145" grids
The growth of the downstream market and the high rate of income from new energy-related products; the shrinking size of the traditional housing sector in real estate and the continued growth of the industrial and industrial construction markets; the increase in the electricity grid along with the construction of the grid; and the increase in the number of low-voltage electrical panels in companies, with the Māori rate for each product ranging from 20 to 40 per cent, with the end-use and distribution of electrical appliances.
Figure 28: The company’s contribution to low-voltage electrical block gross profits is divided (millions of dollars) The company’s dynamic and new-productivity track, and the industry continues to be in the lead. The company uses the two brands of Genta + Noyak for product strategies, deep-ploughing the New Specialized Market, focusing on high-value-added projects, Heconda, Sunshine Power, Upper Energy.
Top customers in the electrical sector, leading to business growth and the completion of new energy, 5g & data communications, electricity supply lines, and analysis of major enterprises based on merit success, sold in 2022 in the new energy and electricity grid domain to a total of 1.57 billion and the market was ranked first.
The sales model for the low-pressure appliance industry includes direct sales by large customers and distribution by distributors.
In addition to this, some of the manufacturers are focusing on the supply of low-pressure electrical equipment and ancillary services directly to downstream customers in the form of programme solvers and system operators.
By the end of 2022, the company had 500 plus first-tier distributors, 5,000 plus second-tier distributors, more than 100,000 end-courses and 96% coverage at the local and municipal levels.
The above. The spread of costs when the network of corporate distributors is completed is more pronounced than the sales patterns of large customers, which keeps the cost of sales in the same industry at a consistently higher level. In addition, the public sector relies on brand advantages and has a strong premium on distributor customers, which also makes the repayment cycle for distributors relatively more favourable.
Figure 32: Corporate “iron triangle” distribution channel network (as of late 2022) Figure 33: Gen-tae (low-pressure appliance) versus comparable company sales costs (%) For low-pressure appliance business costs, copper, silver and other metals are the main raw materials and commodity prices affect products
Māori rates. Low-pressure appliance manufacturers mainly purchase parts such as metal, plastics, electronics, basic raw materials dominated by copper, silver, steel, plastics, raw materials cost more than 45% of the total cost of the product, and fluctuations in raw material prices have a greater impact on the Māori rate of low-pressure electrical operations.
Figure 35: The company’s low-pressure power plate Māori ratio is associated with fluctuations in raw material prices.
Investment in renewable energy in major global economies has increased significantly since 2021, reaching a total of 2022, while the developed economies have also registered some growth in total grid investment, but the gap with electricity generation from renewable sources is widening; in China and other developing countries, investment in the grid has been relatively flat or even declining.
Future transitions in electricity consumption and electrification pose some constraints. Thus, in order to provide sound transmission security for low-carbon energy transformations, grid investment needs to follow the development of renewable energy sources and end-use electrification to increase investment intensity.
In order to meet the future demand for extensive electrification and the growth of renewable energy sources, the intensity of investment in the grid needs to be increased significantly. With the acceleration of investment in electricity facilities, such as overseas power grids, companies have continued to work on low-pressure appliances out of the sea in recent years.
A global business architecture has been established with regional headquarters and localization subsidiaries at its core. By the end of 2023, subsidiaries had accumulated more than 30 overseas localization companies, with more than 2,000 active global channels and project clients, and more than 20 international logistics centres, with more than 140 countries covered by global operations.
At the same time, the company has deepened its global manufacturing-capacitation scheme to boost its overseas regional headquarters, which now has seven overseas manufacturing bases. In 2023, SETI achieved $4.47 billion, an increase of 18.7 per cent over the previous year.
Growth: 51%; West Asia: 23%; Greater Europe: 13%; Greater Asia: 12%; Latin America: The same as in the same period. Over the years, the rate of growth in the international collection of real estate has been higher than the rate of growth in the corporate low-pressure electrical business as a whole, and in 2023 the ratio of the international share of low-pressure appliances in the company was higher.
Figure 40: Revenue growth in the international sub-region of Jinhai in 2023. In order to increase customer stickyness and raise corporate brand visibility in overseas markets, the company organized several overseas fairs, marketing conferences, industry forums, technology promotions, etc.
The Philippines Power Authority’s ngcp and other power grids have worked closely with clients to provide them with efficient and stable low-pressure equipment and services to help them secure their electricity supply and energy security. In recent years, companies have continued to accelerate their drive to sea to promote the implementation of the Heat-Thai low-pressure electrical brand, and globalization has been a remarkable success.
Photovoltaics in households: Domestic household use of additional installed machines is increasing faster, market situation of domestic household use and industry trends. According to the National Energy Agency, in 2023 there were 216.9gw additional photovoltaics in the country, an increase of 148 per cent over the same period.
As of 2023, the country ' s total capacity was 115gw, or 20 per cent of the cumulative capacity of the distributed photovoltaic units, corresponding to 2024-2026.
The market concentration for domestic photovoltaic installation is high, at about 86% in 2023cr.5. According to the annual rate of urban consultations, which is 29.0%, the market is ranked first.
As of 2023, the main subsidiaries of the Heterovoltaic plates were: Chetien, a subsidiary that could do household sales and operations under the flag of Jung-thai, which is currently being marketed, and Chuthai, a subsidiary that is mainly engaged in the development and operation of centralized photovoltaic power plants. In addition, in 2022, the company completed its listing.
On 6 September 2023, Chetien was able to submit a public offer (statement), and Chettien was able to make a public offer of no less than 271 million shares (11 per cent of the pre-issuance stock) to raise $6 billion for 2gw.
After a successful distribution, it is expected that the share share of real-thai appliances in Chethai energy will decrease from 64.13% to 56.29%, and that it will remain the controlling shareholder of Genteo-Teon.
The main provinces of the country have been covered by the Photovoltaic Distribution Channel of the Cheyenne family, which has been built to sink to the counties and towns, and the Department has set up a tight and wide distribution service system, with a cumulative end-user of more than 1 million households. On the basis of strong distribution channels, there are two business models for the Cheyenne family, one of which is the development of a high-quality household photovoltaic power station.
For self-supporting, and for the development and sale of household power plants, each of the two business models is superior, and companies can choose a more suitable home power station development model based on specific projects.
116 per cent, or 33.2 per cent (after deducting the gains and losses of a minority shareholder in a minority of a minority of a small company) and a net profit of 2,603 million yuan in 2023, an increase of 48.5 per cent, or 45.3 per cent (after deducting the gains and losses of a minority shareholder in a small group of a small group of a small group of a group of a small group of a group) in a single company.
With regard to centralized ground and commercial power stations, as of the first quarter of 2024, the energy of the newzhenghai power station held a centralized capacity of 1.8gw and a commercial capacity of 0.49gw. Compared to household photovoltaic operations, the company collects a smaller volume of medium ground and commercial power stations.
With regard to the operating costs of the household photovoltaic power plant, the main cost consists of photovoltaic components, inverters, photovoltaic silos and agent installation development services. From 2022 to the present, the cost of the company ' s domestic photovoltaic power station has remained largely stable, and the cost of the company ' s domestic photovoltaic station installation in the first half of 2023 was approximately $2.83/w (excluding taxes), but the cost structure has occurred.
The annual rate of 62.3 per cent fell to 54.8 per cent of 2023h1; while the difficulties of household power station development and grid-connection have been increasing year by year, high-quality household power station resources have become scarcer, and the cost of installation and development services by corporate agents has increased faster, from 20.3 per cent in 2022 to 27.0 per cent of 2023h1.
Figure 53: Cost structure of PV stations for corporate use in the first half of 2023 ($, %) Figure 54: Cost structure of PV stations for corporate use in 2022 ($, %)
The annual growth in corporate low-pressure electrical revenue has been steady, with three-year compound growth rates of 3.0 per cent per annum and a six-month growth rate achieved by the company in 2023, mainly as a result of the company’s gradual adjustment of low-pressure appliances’ low-value Māori orders and the adoption of a variety of further production measures to reduce efficiency gains.
The Māori rate is at the same level as the industry at the leading level. Figure 56: Comparison of Māori rates of companies with comparable companies (low-pressure electrical plates, %) Business income from company photovoltaic operations and Māori rates are at the same level as industry averages from 2020 to 2023.
A rapid growth in business income, with a three-year compound growth rate of 37.3,2023 for the company, Māori rates continue to decline, mainly due to changes in the company ' s photovoltaic block collection structure, which is lower for household sales than for photovoltaic operations, which are affected by faster growth in household photovoltaic operations.
The company’s total gross gross profit ratio is at a level of industry leadership compared to comparable companies, and the gross profit ratio is at an average level in the same industry. Figure 57: Comparison of business income of companies with comparable companies (photos, billions)
Figure 58: Corporate-comparison Māori ratios (PV, %) Overall Māori rates and net interest rates of companies are higher in the industry. In 2023, overall Māori ratios of companies were 22.0 per cent, compared to comparable companies, where the profitability of companies has been higher in the industry over the years, mainly through continuous optimization of production by companies
Structure of goods as a result of sustained production measures to reduce efficiency gains. Figure 60: Comparison of net interest rates of companies with comparable companies (%)
Low-pressure appliances and home-based photovoltaics, leading the revenue-scale industry for the same product, and increasing the scale effect have been effective in reducing company rates and cost levels. Figure 61: Corporate versus comparable corporate management costs (%)
Figure 62: Comparison of the cost of sales by companies with comparable companies (%) The company ' s operational capacity is at the industry average. The company ' s fixed asset turnover, inventory turnover, accounts receivable turnover, accounts payable turnover are at the industry average, mainly in the light-voltaic flats of the company.
In recent years, companies have fully achieved a lean production model, improved on-site processes and more efficient management of their production logistics, which will further improve the overall operations of companies, as shown in figure 65: Ratio of fixed asset turnover to comparable companies (subsequently)
Figure 66: Comparable corporate inventory turnover (sub-) Figure 67: Comparable corporate accounts receivable and notes receivable (sub-) Figure 68: Comparable corporate accounts payable turnover (sub-)
The ratio of assets and liabilities of the former company showed a small upward trend, at an average level compared with that of comparable companies. Short-term debt service indicators show a continued small increase in the ratio of company flows and a continued small decline in the rate of speed, all of which are currently in industry figure 70: the ratio of companies to comparable flows (%)
Figure 72: Comparative equity/interest-bearing debt of shareholders belonging to parent companies Figure 71: Comparison of firms with comparable firms ' speed ratios (%) Low-pressure electrical operations: accompanying the rapid development of photovoltaic, wind, storage energy markets, and global electricity
As domestic low-pressure electrical head companies, leading the corporate globalized layout industry, we expect the period from 2024 to 2026 to be open: with the development of the domestic photovoltaic industry, the company’s photovoltaic operations will continue to grow steadily.
On the basis of the above-mentioned major operating income and Māori projections, we are more sensitive to the company's current costs, tax rates, dividends. The absolute valuation method vis-à-vis the wacc and constant growth rates, the sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation is presented in the table below.
Divisional valuation: $23.1-25.3. We value the company's low-pressure electrical operations and photovoltaic operations. For the company's low-pressure electrical operations, we select good-faith shares in electrical equipment such as low-pressure appliances from the main battalion, gold dishes.
Technology, tristar medicine are comparable companies, with 14-31 times as much of a comparable company that received the main low-voltage electrical business as it did in 2024. For the head of the domestic low-voltage electrical industry, we give the company the low-voltage electrical business, and for the company's photovoltaic business, we choose the primary cytology technology, crystals technology, Southern Net energy.
Multiplier. The value of plant development is lower than the value of power station operations, while the share of household power stations developed and sold is higher in the light-voltage business of real-thai appliances, and the proportion of self-held power plants operating is smaller. We gave the company a five-to-seven-fold dynamic pe zone in 2024.
Using absolute and relative valuation methods, a combination of multiple angles has been used to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company, which is based on the calculation of the company ' s free cash flow over the next few years, the calculation of the weighted average capital cost wacc, the assumption of the rate of sustainable growth and the choice of the valuation parameters of comparable companies, which incorporates many individual judgements and leads to the selection of the parameters of the company ' s valuation.
The risk of bias in the valuation, as follows:1 The risk of optimistic estimates of future better earnings and profit growth for the company over the long term, resulting in high free cash flow calculations over the next 10 years, leading to optimistic valuations;
2. The weighted average capital cost Wacc has a greater impact on the company ' s valuation, and the no-risk interest rate of 3.0 per cent that we used in calculating Wacc is likely to be low, resulting in lower Wacc calculation values, leading to the company ' s valuation,3 and the assumption that the company ' s tv growth rate would be 2.0 per cent 10 years later, with the company ' s main industry being low-pressure appliance.
The industry and household photovoltaic industries, which are now growing well and have a high downstream demand profile, but in the future face the possibility of industry growth slowing down or even falling, the company ' s continued growth is either low or negative, leading to a relative valuation of the company ' s 2024 valuation, with a comparable average of the company ' s 2024 per cent.
Risks of falling prices/māori rates: There may be a risk of a sharp fall in product prices if the domestic market is more productive in the low-pressure appliance sector, leading to increased competition in the industry: there may be a risk of less than expected sales of company power stations if domestic follow-up takes place.
There may be a risk that the company’s household power plant operations will not be profitable enough because of insufficient capacity to absorb electricity grids and a decline in support for household photovoltaic power station development and connectivity. Policy support: New energy, construction and grid project development are asset-intensive, long-term inputs for each.
There is a lower-than-expected risk that the low-pressure electrical industry will grow at a lower-than-expected rate if domestic support for the development of electricity infrastructure projects is low.
There is a lower risk than expected. If domestic follow-up increases in the price of grid connection to domestic photovoltaic power plants are higher than expected, there is a risk that the domestic photovoltaic industry will increase more than expected.
Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author