Direct increase in volume & retail price differential repair, focus on natural gas mains, NAC shares (600803.sh) • Direct gas growth & retail price differential repair, focus on natural gas masters, maintain a “buy-in” rating
The company published the 2023rd quarterly report, which achieved operating income of $95.9 billion in the first three quarters of 2023, i.e. 10.0 per cent of the year; the direct sales volume increased its contribution performance by increasing its contribution performance, and the retail fairs mechanism continued to improve. The direct sales of gas in the previous three quarters and q3 increased profit by 3.67 billion in the first three quarters of 2023, compared to 3.67 billion in the same period.
One hundred and twenty-one million people, compared to 6.2 per cent in 2023, were able to raise the price of gas from the population, and the cost-effective mechanism was smoother. One, 61 projects under construction, sold 24.43 billion kilowatt-hours of cold, heat, electricity, etc., compared to 34.2 per cent in 2023.
Shipsan Receiving Station: In 2022, the company completed the M & A of the Arksan lng receiving station, with an actual processing capacity of 7.5 million tonnes/year, with an additional 3.5 million tonnes/year in three phases, and with an actual processing capacity of over 10 million tonnes/year after construction.
Two million tons of JCLU decision-making contracts came into effect, and Chevron and Daudar had set prices for the next five years and signed medium- and long-term purchase contracts and cooperation agreements with China Oil for the use of the canoe facility.
Gas Eco-Operator: Companies form an upstream gas source - medium-stream storage - downstream distribution of the physical industry that optimizes marketing patterns by integrating domestic and foreign resources.
Corporate confidence – company-to-company reports – an integrated smart operating platform, with a significant increase in the sale of a combination of energy, such as cold, heat, electricity, etc.
In terms of asset divestiture, the completion of the transfer of the new energy mining stock in October, it is expected that $10,505 million will be received, with a further focus on naturality in the future.
Annual Corporate Report and Quarterly Review. Direct Marketing & Coal Major Contribution, Three Quarterly Cores. Large Increases in Profit - The Company's Three Quarterly Report.