The coal industry has been removed from its main focus and the direct sales industry has been growing at a high rate.
In August, the national gas consumption showed an increase of 25,981 million, or 7.4 per cent in the same year.
In the last three quarters, the company achieved 3.671 billion direct sales, an increase of 33.30 per cent over the previous three quarters (1.396 billion, a decrease of 18.2 per cent; 2,275 million, a rise in domestic direct sales, a combination of real paper, which pre-empted long-term resale price differentials, and the trend towards a marginal rise in gas prices in Eurasia in October).
\triangleright compared to +16.3 per cent, corresponding to -67.4 per cent, with $7.9 per million/million in heat difference; the difference between tttf and hh has widened since entry into q4 and the difference between October has increased to $9.9 per million/million in heat.
On 12 September 2023, the company issued an announcement to transfer 100% of the company’s share of new energy mining holdings to Kai.
On October 20, the company announced that it had received the full transfer of the shares paid by Kei Hung, and that it would complete the new offer.
Sinda Securities Inc. is able to register a business change of 100% of mining interest. We believe that through this equity transfer, the public cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
In Beijing, the Director of the 9th House of the House of the City of the City of the West Side, the coal business was removed and will focus more on building intelligent ecological operators in the weather industry; obtaining cash flows; supporting the development of the company ' s natural gas business; and providing guarantees for the company ' s bonus scheme.
The company has now signed five hh-linked agreements with American suppliers, with a total contract value of 7.4 million tonnes/year; the company’s capacity is currently 7.5 million tonnes/year.
With the scale of domestic direct sales, and against the background of rising gas prices, the profits of high-freight overseas resales are expected to continue; after 2025, companies are expected to grow rapidly as a result of a large number of low-price-linked hhs and the expansion of the canoe receiving station.
Integrated energy operations are growing rapidly, looking at the future market space for integrated energy under the “doubt carbon” target. By the first three quarters of 2023, companies had cumulatively launched 270 energy-inclusive projects, bringing a total of 24,430 million kilowatt-hours of combined energy sales to companies, such as cold, heat, electricity, steam.
34.2% At the same time, the company has 61 general energy projects under construction, all of which are being built and delivered after delivery, with potential combined energy sales expected to reach 46.5 billion kWh. We believe that as our carbon approach continues to land and build low-carbon transformation and industrial parks, I will continue.
The country’s integrated energy services market is expected to open up continuously.
Price volatility supports sustained robust growth in profitability. Upstream sales have hh connections to the low-priced union, and with the opening of domestic markets and more low-priced-market implementation, the high growth of direct-marketing is expected to continue; and the corporate retail gas pool is expected to continue.
Plural stability, sustained improvement in downstream prices; benefits from a return in international gas prices and a recovery in the domestic economy.
The source market is expected to open. We predict that the company's net profit share for the period 2023-2025 is a risk factor: the domestic economy is falling sharply and the gas consumption is increasing at a slower rate than expected; the receiving station \triangleright
Lower-than-expected progress in construction of the project; lower-than-expected domestic gas prices; combined energy sales; Dr. Zing Ming, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals and Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, member of the China Price Association's coal price ad hoc committee and former coal worker in China
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of industry associations (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He is responsible for research on the coal sector.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal Economics and Finance Research Institute, and Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, Chinese University of Mines (Beijing), former Minister of Investment and Investment in Secondary Sub-enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked for many years in coal mining production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, 2022
Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in June of that year for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States, and Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Study in June 2022
In July 2022, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal and electricity sectors.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, working in the coal and coal industries Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, working in the petrochemicals sector.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, from Lee-Wing, cpa, the University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, Master of Accounting, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, September 2022, and worked in the coal industry Tang Xiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics, April 2023.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.