Qin Railway (601006.sh)
In May, the Qin line was close to full capacity and looked forward to the summer coal season. On June 8, the Qin Railways announced the May production and operations data bulletin: in May 2017, the company’s core operated assets, the Qin line, completed the shipment of 37.65 million tons, an increase of 46.96 per cent.
1.21 million tons. In January-May 2017, the Qin line accumulated 174.29 million tons of cargo, an increase of 30.31 per cent over the same period. Coal supply ends were gradually restored, and the Qin line continued to operate at a near full capacity in May: daily average for the Qin line in May
Delivery of 1.21 million tons continues to reach full capacity. The recovery of coal supplies upstream in May, the resumption of work on coal mines in the western and central parts of the country after the spring season, the completion of the build-up of the Qin pipeline at the end of April, and the resumption of rail transport capacity have led to an upturn in coal rail traffic in May, while coal is also on the rise.
Port stocks have also been upgraded to a higher position; the average inventory of coal in the port of Qin Royal Island was 5.76 million tons in May, a 14 per cent increase in the value of the 5.6 million ring in April, compared to 1.
16 days in April have gone up to 20 days in May. With the recent fall in coal prices and the summer of July/August, 2. "The Qin Line in April is running at full capacity, looks forward to the valuation repair - it is expected that downstream power plants will start the stock-up cycle in late June.
It is expected that the volume will remain fully loaded. 3. "The volume profit runs out, the fundamentals of 2017 are fully recovered -- the profit implications of the downscaling surcharges on electrification are limited, and the year-round performance is coming back steady: as of 1 June this year. "
The cancellation of the Electrified Railways (EDRC) loan repayment price for the Qin Railways in 2017 was reduced by a downward revision 4. "Long-term fundamentals are still good, waiting to be valued for repair - the addition of a reduction in operating income of about 950 million yuan, and the cancellation of the loan price lowers the cost of electricity of about 360 million yuan.
In 2017, the net return profit fell by about $440 million (an annualized profit decline of about $765 million), with limited impact. The current period has seen a reduction in the diversion effect of the Scholl/Chang Tang Line, the high road treatment rate, the ban on air transport in Tianjin port, and the determination of the Qin Railway Company, 201.7.10.
Coal has contributed to the return of road coal to railways and higher power generation from fire to coal, which has led to a similar increase in Qin line traffic. Observing that Qin line traffic has been better than expected in January-May, the forecast for profits on the Qin railway has been raised to 415 million tons for the entire year.
The return of coal to the highways and the optimization of the coal market is largely directed toward Su Bo-hung.
Coal demand continues to weaken; railway reform is less than expected; and there is a serious diversion of the line of call. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.