On May 31, the Qin Railway issued an announcement on the implementation of the integrated national railway for the company, starting on June 1st.
On May 27th, the National Development Commission issued a report on the cancellation of the supply of electrical railways.
Notification, with effect from 1 June 2017, of the cancellation of the electrical railway supply support project to repay the price of the electricity.
On the one hand, lowering the surcharge on electrification will affect the company’s income. According to the company’s business objectives for 2017.
On the other hand, the cancellation of the price of the electricity service will reduce the company ' s electricity costs. The company reported $2.6 billion in 2016 for the release of electricity and fuel costs, of which the railway will repay the electricity.
With 12% to 20%, we estimate that the cost of electricity and fuel will be reduced by 182 million yuan to 300 million yuan in 17 years. Companies are expected to reduce the cost of logistics energy by eliminating the price of the railway power supply, and to reduce the negative impact of the reduced electrification surcharge and, by cutting the electrification surcharge this time, reduce it.
In aggregate, we expect a reduction of about $400 million in post-tax returns in 2017, with a limited impact on profits. The expansion of electricity procurement channels has a neutral long-term impact.
The Circular explicitly encourages and supports the participation of railway companies in electricity market transactions and the purchase of electricity by third parties, such as companies that own or commission grids and companies that sell electricity, through market-based methods. Companies can in the future reduce the negative impact on profits by expanding access to electricity procurement through market-based options, reducing electricity costs, and reducing the additional costs of electrification.
At the same time, as a result of a surcharge for electrification imposed by the Iron State, the direct competitive route of the Qin Railway is not collected by the Qin Railway, which has effectively reduced the price difference between the Qin line and the competitive route, and has increased the Qin Railway: the full price.
In January-April 2017, traffic on the Qin line continued to be high, and the rail coal transport market was very large.
Hundreds of millions of dollars, equivalent to 0.73, 0.79 and 0.83, respectively. Considering the number of shipments and the rate of increase in the volume of shipments and the rate of increase (cumulative) on the Qin line, which was cancelled this time,
The Qin Railway has a daily average of Qin Qin's daily traffic, and the Qin Railway's operating income for the period 2015-2019 is well aware of the policy and development of the lost sector, conducting field research on nearly 100 listed companies, insisting on value investments and making recommendations at the bottom.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.