Qin Railway (601006.sh)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
On the evening of 26 April, the Qin Railway published its annual report for 2016 and its quarterly report for 2017: in 2016, the company achieved operating income of 44.620 billion yuan, a 15.05 per cent decrease in the same year; and in the first quarter of 2017, the company achieved operating income of 12.45 billion yuan, an increase of 51.8 per cent of the net profit on shareholders belonging to listed companies.
In 2016, coal shipments were lower and higher than in 2016: in 2016, the company showed an upward trend, with average daily traffic on the Qin line averaged 880,000 tonnes per day for the first nine months and 1.19 million tonnes per day for the next three months; in the whole, there was a 14.2 per cent decrease in the first half of the year, mainly due to the opening of the caustic and Quan Tang lines.
A diversionary effect on the Qin, coal production, accelerated substitution of clean energy, and a downward revision of railway coal prices since February due to the low coal market; in the second half of the year, road overcrowding, end of winter.
The end-of-fire storage of coal for seasonal heating and the end-of-water period has led to a repair growth in the coal market. However, as companies are heavily asset-based, fixed costs have been higher, and the decline in business has directly increased by 3.
This has led to a decline in the Māori ratio in the main industry from 30 per cent to 17 per cent and a sharp decline in net profits on a year-on-year basis. Coal demand has been low, and cargo volumes have increased significantly in the quarter: in terms of prices, February 2016, 4. " Volume upswings are over-expected, with low valuations suggesting attention - large
The price of coal has been revised downwards, the original price has been restored since 24 March 2017, and the prices have fluctuated in the first quarter of the year.
5. October Warming of Goods at Base Point - Qin, with an increase of 1.15 million tons per day, 26 per cent over the same period. We believe that the main reason for the large increase in the current period is (i) the early spring season, followed by the resumption of work at the factory, and the onset of the spring season.
As is clear, the demand for coal has risen significantly over the same period. (2) As a result of this year’s rains, electricity generation from hydroelectric power has fallen on the same level, indirectly stimulating the increase in demand for electricity from the fire. 2017 Total recovery on the fundamentals: company prices rose in 2017 to a certain level of certainty and roads throughout the year.
In the current period, we expect 400 million tons of coal to be transported along the Qin line. In view of the long-term trend in the coal transport market, environmental protection and road management are returning to the railways, and coal production is improving.
The return of road coal and the optimization of the coal market will help.
Coal demand continues to weaken; railway reform is less than expected; and there is a serious diversion of the line of call. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.