(irities) Qin Railway (601006.sh)
In April, the Qin line was operating at full capacity and expected valuation repair Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company basics (RMK)
On the evening of May 10, Qin Railway released data for the month of April: in April 2017, 32.91 million tons of goods were shipped by the company's core operating capital, representing an increase of 32.43 per cent. The daily average was 1.1 million tons. In January-April 2017, the cumulative volume of goods shipped by the Qin line increased by 13.664 million tons.
In April, the Qin line operated at full capacity: the company’s Qin line was undergoing a 25-day spring review from 6 to 30 April, during which the power was cut from 9 to 12 p.m. The overall transport capacity of the Qin line was affected.
In this period, the weakening of the shawl/Jan Tang line diversion effect, the increase in road excesses, the return of road coal to iron routes, and the increase in the amount of electricity generated by fire, together contributed to a higher than average increase in Qin line traffic compared to the same period last year.
Road Coal Reflow Railway, a definitive year-round recovery: Qin Railway prices have risen year-round to a definite event. In terms of shipping prices, one point per kilometer has been raised on 24 March to about 350 million tons of coal transport along the Qin line for the year prior to February last year, and it is expected to reach 400 million tons in 2017, the main reason being that the prices have been raised on 24 March.
3. " A quarter of less than season for coal transport, full annual value is (1) 7-43 per cent of the price of the road overscaling coal road, starting in September 2016, and its rise is determined - Da Qin Railways " , 2017.4.10
The short-range route is much more affected. “The Three Wests” transport coal to the Kyushu area on the Kyoto highway every year. 4. “The price of the shipment has been restored to a higher level, and the price has risen to an established level of approximately 100 million tons of carbon, 50 per cent of which is expected to be consumed in the province, converted to a full range, and is expected to be overtreated.
Sexual event - Qin Railway Company Review, 2017.3.27, which affects the annual diversion of roads to railway coal to 20-30 million tons. (2) The day of May 1st of this year, 5.
The port of Jin is prohibited from receiving gas coal, of which approximately 20 million will be transported from fire to Tianjin, while the Qin line will benefit less from technical and administrative problems; another 20 million will be diverted from other railway lines to other ports, with priority given to the Qin line.
Long-term coal price stabilization and the optimal structure of the coal market have contributed to a return in the valuation of the Qin line: the historical valuation of the Qin line p is related to the trend in coal prices. The price of coal is on a rising cycle until 2011, with an average pe estimate of the length of coal returning across the board, and future price and demand fluctuations of coal will slow down.
In the long run, the reforms will raise the market share of the “trixies” of good coal, so even with the control of the overall coal consumption ratio, the Qin line is growing better as an important route for the “trixies” of coal. Coal prices are stabilizing, and the Qin line is guaranteed long-term transport, with a 14-fold valuation for companies.
The return of road coal and the optimization of the coal market have contributed to the persistence of weak demand for coal, less than expected railway reform, and severe diversion of the hope line.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.