Qin Railway (601006.sh)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company base (RMB)
In the first quarter of 2017, the company is expected to achieve a net profit of about 45% over the same period last year (US$ 2,054 million) by the first quarter of 2017. Data bulletin on the production and operation of the Qin line, March 2017.
Qin completed 3,841,000 tons of cargo transport, an increase of 32.95 per cent over the same period; in January-March 2017, the Qin line cumulatively completed 10,373,000 tons of cargo transport, an increase of 24.56 per cent over the same period; coal demand increased significantly during the quarter, resulting in a significant increase in cargo volume: the company was a parent in the quarter.
The net profits of the company grew by about 45% over the year, largely as a result of a significant increase in the volume of company freight in the first quarter of the year. In terms of prices, a downward revision of coal prices began in February 2016, a recovery of the original prices began on March 24, 2017, and a fall in the current year’s price in terms of volume plus current prices in the first quarter of the year.
1. " The return to higher prices, with a positive 3.5 per cent increase in volume; in volume terms, the average daily traffic on the Great Qin line during the quarter amounted to 1.15 million tons per day, an increase of 26 per cent over the same period. " We believe that the significant increase in the current period is mainly due to (1) the early spring season and the resumption of work by the plant ' s enterprises.
The recovery period was followed by a clear fall in the spring of the quarter, with a clear rise in demand for coal on a year-on-year basis. Qin Railways, 2016.12.10 (2), affected by the rains this year, electricity generation declined on a year-on-year basis, indirectly stimulating demand for electricity.
3. " October Warming of Goods at Base Point - Qin " . According to cctd data, electricity generation from power plants of national size and above decreased by 4.7 per cent in January-February and electricity from fire by 7 per cent in January-February.
4. " Basic turning points, traffic will return to steady growth -- Qin Railway short-term coal traffic or decrease, with multiple factors guaranteeing coal transport throughout the year: entering the second quarter, heating out, tri-quarter review " , 2016.10.27
At the end of the day, coal demand is about to enter the low season, short-term demand for coal depends on the state of industrial activity throughout the country, and 5. The recovery of coal transport is about to take place at a time when there is no time to lose. The start of spring railway repairs will also affect the supply of power to companies. As of 7 April, there were six major coastal surges.
The company’s inventory is 9.7 million tons, with approximately 15.8 days available, down from 15% in the same period last year, and the need to replenish it has increased in the near future. The shipment of coal along the Qin line is expected to reach 400 million tons in the year, an increase of 15% in the same year, mainly because (1) the road is beyond repair and the cost of rail transport is better.
This is even more evident in the case of coal production, which optimizes regional production patterns throughout the country, and the proportion of “triximous” quality coal is expected to increase significantly: (iii) Kyuzin's comments on the 2017 air pollution prevention and control programme state that “The port of Tianjin is not allowed to transport coal by road.” By the end of July, the port of Tianjin will no longer trans-ship coal.
By the end of September, all coal in Tianjin and Hebei central ports will be transported by rail.” If the regulations are finally implemented, about 30 million tons of coal will be diverted to the railway every year, and the Qin may benefit from them.
In the medium-to-long term, the main line of the Qin line has been or is about to be restored: in 2017, the company's volume rose to 1.3 times the value of its pb.
Good scale effects, the status of the “3 West” coal main channel will remain intact. For many years, the company’s 50% share of red money has guaranteed a high rate of return of about 5%, and future highs of red are still attractive.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.