Qin Railway (601006.sh)
Road and railways Lower electrification plus profits have limited impact and are intended to reduce the cost of logistics energy Market prices (RMB): $8.55
Qin Railways, 31 May: As of 1 June, a downward adjustment has been made to the surcharges for the electrification of the iron and steel Electrification Zone under the control of the company, resulting in a reduction in the freight load of the entire car by 0.005 to 0.007 kilometres.
The Department’s revenue has had some impact. Electrification surcharges have been reduced to reduce the cost of logistics energy use: the National Development and Reform Commission recently issued a circular on the cancellation of the reimbursement of the price of electricity supplied by electric-gas-based railways and decided to cancel it as of 1 June 2017.
Electrification rail supply support services repays the price of electricity, resulting in a parallel increase in the cost of Electrification of the railways and an equivalent reduction in the cost of freight for railways, which is ultimately intended to reduce the cost of logistics. This downward adjustment has a certain negative impact on the revenue side of the line: the original Electrification of the Qin line is an additional cost.
In April, the Qin line was operating at full capacity and expected to be revalued - $0.012 per ton/km, with a reduction of 42 per cent and a reduction of about 3 to 4 per cent corresponding to current prices; the first five months of the Qin line in 2017 are expected to produce approximately 175 million tons of traffic, 7 months after the end of the year
2. " Breath-out, full recovery of 2017 fundamentals -- projected to be 240 million tons, converted to a full-line freight turnover of about 190 billion km, projected to be 2017. " Long-term fundamentals are still good, pending valuation repair -- Daji
The cost of electricity has fallen and the profit effect has been limited: the electricity price of the electrified railway was previously made up of electricity prices, basic electricity prices, funds, and additional and loaned prices.
In 2016, the cost of electricity and fuel for the Qin railway was determined to be rising.
5. The recovery of the shipping price growth, with a flat increase in the volume value, has already reached a fixed value of hundreds of millions. The negative impact of this cancellation on the profits of the Qin railway after tax in 2017 is approximately (9.5-3.6%)* (1-25%) = 440 million yuan.
Support for railway companies involved in electricity market transactions, self-initiated or commissioned power grid companies, and other third parties, such as electricity distribution companies, to purchase electricity through market-based means, and the Qin Railway may be able to compete for preferential prices. This time, the CDRC cancelled the price of the Electrified Railway to repay electricity to the Qin Railway’s performance in 2017 by reducing the price of electricity.
The impact is limited by the fact that the gas addition reduces business income by about 950 million yuan, and the cost of electricity is about 360 million yuan for the cancellation of the loan. Meanwhile, the traffic on the Qin line continued to be high, upswinging in January-May.
The return of road coal and the optimisation of the coal market have contributed to the continued weakness of coal demand, less than expected railway reform, and severe diversion of the hope line.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.