In February of this year, the Joint Development and Reform Commission of the Ministry of the Environment, the Ministry of Finance, the National Energy Authority and the Governments of Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shanxi, Shandong and Henan provinces issued " Kyozu and the surrounding areas in 2017 " .
8.80-9.00 Work programme for the prevention and control of air pollution, which states that the port of Tianjin will no longer receive coal from diesel trucks by the end of July.
On April 11, the Tianjin City Environmental Protection Agency met overnight and decided to ban the air transport of coal at Tianjin Port earlier than the end of April.
How to ensure that this policy is implemented in advance. Together with last year's regulations on the management of the roadway for the transport of excess traffic vehicles and this year's new policy of the Ministry of the Environment, issued by the Ministry of Transport in conjunction with the Ministry of Public Security, there is no doubt that the road and coal transport is “hardening” and that the three railway stations: Beijing, Taihara, Hu and Holt are expected to be substantial.
In 2016, the port of Tianjin reached 109 million tons of coal, of which 56 million tons were shipped by the air port and 20 million tons of coal are expected by the Qin railway. The geographical location of the port of Tianjin, among other things, has resulted in large amounts of coal being transported by air.
The port of Tianjin has developed coal terminals in the south and the north, and the amount of gas is very high, mainly due to: 1) local share prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) Location: Tianjin port is closer to the main coal-producing area and has transportation costs compared to the island of Qin and the port of Huang Yu.
(ii) Means of transport: the Qin and Scholl lines are heavy railways, trains are drilled into the port and then transported back to the air (air return); there is no regularized water ore carrying (part of time concentrated in empty ore) in order to maximize vehicle utilization and economic efficiency. The port of Tianjin is a comprehensive dock, road gas.
Coal return distributions, with two-way heavy vehicles (cargos) being competitive. 3) Coal vs end of coal: the Tai Qin line and the Schollway line use a special c70/c80 convertible, which can be unloaded directly by a roller, which can cause heavy damage. As a result, coal (e.g., chemical coal) is transported directly to Tianjin Harbour. 4) The customer difference is:
The Qin and Scholl lines are mainly long-term contracts for large customers, and the Tianjin port has a larger number of small coal-cargo customers.
The 3,000 trains that have been granted to Taiwon and Hu and Hao at the railway station have been able to respond to the potential increase in the capacity of the railway to produce and earn more. The railway is expected to achieve its full advantage, develop its potential, show new dynamism, and bring about a win-win and win-win situation.
Qin Railways: 12,393 million yuan, pss 0.43, 0.73 and 0.85, respectively, corresponding to the current stock price.
First, the time frame for banning a coal port in Tianjin port is expected to be ahead of schedule, benefiting the Qin Railway in 2017. Transit transport of large coal carriers is considered to be one of the major sources of pollution affecting air quality in Kyoto.
In February, the Ministry of the Environment issued a programme of work for the prevention and control of atmospheric pollution in and around Kyung Jin, the Ministry of Finance, the National Energy Agency and the governments of Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shanxi, Shandong and Henan provinces, which states that Tianjin Harbour will no longer receive coal from diesel trucks by the end of July.
On April 11, the Tianjin City Environmental Protection Agency met at night and decided to advance the ban on gas from Tianjin to the end of April. The Tianjin Harbour Consortium also convened a meeting on the morning of April 12 to discuss how to ensure early implementation of this policy.
Three railway stations: Beijing, Taihara, Hu, and Hutt Railways are expected to make substantial gains. According to data from Tianjin Harbour, in 2016, Tianjin Harbour reached 109 million tons of coal through the year.
One of the best options is to choose the Taixi Railway's Qin Railway (Tanxi-Tianjin Island). The Qin Railway is a heavy-carriage railway with low transport costs, and it is entirely in charge of Taihara Railways, with simple procedures, speed, and not needed in the middle.
Disassembly. A reloading vehicle from Taikung to the island of Qin can reach the port in 11 hours. Since the coal from Tianjin port was originally taken out of Shanxi, most of the coals chose the Kyushu highway, and the Qin railway and the Motel coal route were close to and paralleled with the Kyusaka highway, which determined that coal companies would prefer to choose the railway line.
According to the Taiwon Railways Bureau, the Qin Railway will be the main carrier of this part of the coal after its disappearance. The Tianjin-Port is dominated by the Tianjin Railway, which has sufficient capacity, and the Qin Railway is expected to increase coal by 20 million tons.
China's coal transport pattern is “West Coal East, North North South”. The country's coal transport is currently mainly by water, rail, and road. Shanxi produces 55% of the country's coal, and 70% of it is run by rail.
Of these, the Qin railways and the Sorbonne line are mainly supported by Ishi Tai and the Kyoto line, which are under water in the Rim Hae Jintang port, Qin Royal Island port, Cao Cao Cao Cao, Tianjin port and Huang Yu port, which account for 90 per cent of the country ' s total quantity of coal by sea. The port of Tianjin has developed coal terminals in the South and the North, and the amount of coal is very high, mainly due to: 1) geographical location:
The port of Tianjin is closer to the main coal-producing areas than the island of Qin and the port of Huang Yu, and has a transport cost advantage. (2) Transport modes: the Great Qin and Scholl lines are heavy railways, train loads go to the port and then return to empty transport (empty return); there is no regularized ore carrying (partially concentrated ore) in order to maximize vehicle utilization and economic efficiency.
The port is a complex port, with a road-to-road coal return-to-cars (cargo) that is competitive. 3) coal vs end-to-coal: the Qin and Scholl lines use a special c70/c80 convertible, which is directly offloaded by the roll-over, causing a serious loss of coal. As a result, coal (e.g., chemical coal) is transported directly to Tianjin Harbour. 4) Customer differences: the Qin line and the Xiao Yellow Line.
China Railways has shown a great deal of support for the new sources of coal that may arise after Tianjin Harbour is banned.
Hot. On February 24, China and Iron has given nearly 3,000 train skins to Taiwon and Hu and Hao Litt Railways in response to a possible surge in capacity, and more than 1,500 train skins to Taihara Railways, which will be fully available within a month, and this is just the first batch of leather, which will continue to be added in the future, depending on demand.
China and China require that the relevant authorities allocate sufficient capacity to secure coal transport in Tianjin. The 3,000-carpets that have been released by China and China will not only effectively boost the production and operating income of the Qin railways, but will also significantly ease the transport pressure and traffic stress of the Tai Hao, Hu and Beijing railways.
The Qin Railway is expected to achieve its full advantage, develop its potential, and show new dynamism, bringing about a win-win and win-win increase of 32.95 per cent in March 2017, significantly better than the 19.32 per cent and 29.79 per cent in February last year. In the first quarter of 2017, the company ' s core assets, the volume of shipments increased by 24.56 per cent.
The company’s net profits are expected to increase by about 45% in the first quarter of the year. On 24 March, the company announced a return to the base price of 0.098/tonne (special cost of $ billion, $12.4 billion, ps 0.43, 0.73 and 0.85 per cent, respectively).
The fall in coal demand and the recovery of the economy have fallen short of expectations.
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 20 years, in the seller ' s research industry, the author of the sales team of the Institute of Securities and Securities has been qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.