Double-digit growth in revenue, first-time decline in the last five years Incidents: 27 March. Zatobank disclosed the 2022 annual report: net profit return ratio + 7.67 per cent (last three quarters + 9.07 per cent): Zatobank (601916)
Double-digit revenue growth and faster expansion. In 2022, commercial bank revenues fell by 92 pct to 12.14 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, maintaining double-digit levels at six consecutive quarters of the country's top stock market;
The net profit return for the parent is down from 1.40 pct to 7.67% from the previous three quarters at a higher rate. The main drivers of performance growth are a narrow but still better net difference than the average for the partner. In 2022, the net interest differential for the merchant bank was 2.21%, a decrease of 7bp compared to the previous six months, which is better than the average interest differential of 1.99% for the equity line.
In the context of the trend towards the periodicization of prices and deposits, we expect the company to have a net interest spread or to remain under pressure, and the company will either be more cautious in classifying the loan by optimizing the asset, the stock risk, or the basic liquidation of the loan.
\triangleright drops by 60bp at the end of \triangleright and the pressure on hidden non-performing loans is reduced. The negative rate at the end of q4 is equal to 1.47% at the end of q3, a decrease of 6bp by the same year, downing for the first time in almost five years, with an increase in the incidence of bad business generation.
At the end of \triangleright q3, there is still a 55bp buffer from the regulatory bottom line. The company actively promoted the capital replenishment process, which was approved by the CSRC in February this year to sell about $5.014 billion in new shares to former stockholders to supplement core-level capital.
The future is expected to increase corporate capital security as equity shares fall, opening up more scope for growth on a scale. Profit forecasting: The Bank of Zimmers has pursued its “321” business strategy with digital reform as its primary strategy.
Risk factors: Economic over-expected downs, policy less than expected and significant deterioration in asset quality, etc. \triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
I mean, it's the same speed of collection and performance.
Figure 2: Cumulative year-on-year growth in performance vs. Industry-wide level Figure 3: Analysis of the causes of the increase in performance Figure 4: Cumulative annualized weighted roe and roa
Figure 5: Net interest margin vs. Industry averages Figure 6: Negative rate vs. Industry Figure 7: Subsidized coverage vs. Industry
In November 2019, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liao Yiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, accepted as a candidate for the School of Honour, Financial Science and Testing. Experiences related to leasing, private collection, banking, and securities. Previous studies in finance, household electricity, and colored industries.
Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.