The performance point is up, moving towards a new cycle of growth – the global pcb flagship, which collects 15.80% of the cagr in the last four years: Podium is the world’s largest producer of pcb, backed by a powerful Honghai group, and the company is growing rapidly.
The company’s main products are fpc, hdi, slp, and they are widely used in the fields of computing, telecommunications, consumer electronics, automobiles, and industrial control. The demand for the fpc market is increasing, and the price of the company is rising: according to the prismark forecast.
Global fpc output is measured to increase by 2.8 per cent per year, as a result of the boom in sub- and car plates, the 5g wave, which drives the growth of high-quality company customers, and the increase in the use of smartphone technology and fpc applications for single-product fpc.
fpc market demand has increased, while process and material upgrading has led to an increase in fpc unit value, an increase in fpc volume produced by the divisional, and a steady increase in fpc soft board collection. The development of downstream applications has led to the appearance of slp and high-level hardboard production to optimize product structure with:
Developments in the downstream areas of smart phones, car electronics, etc., and demand for pcb products gradually tilted towards high-level, multi-layer, hdiboard, slp, etc. The combined annual growth rate from 2017 to 2023 is projected to be 64%, and the global market size of slp will be reached by 2023.
22.40 billion dollars. In 2017, the company invested in high-level hdi (slp) research and development and achieved volume production, and the new high-level hdi (slp) production line of the Crown Island region of Qin is steadily being built.
Projects such as the Huaian fpc line, the Qin Royal Island slp line, and the expansion of the Shenzhen Yincheon 2 factory fpc line have been steadily proceeding, and production has been expanding in order to respond to the high downstream demand and the seasonality of demand, which has led to a year of production and a new growth point for companies.
Promotes productivity intelligence, automation, and productivity efficiency.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: 5g development led to an increase in demand for the pcb sector as a whole, a rise in volume prices, a firm with a deep technological and a good customer base in the pcb industry and a positive expansion
Exchange of demand and increased competition in markets; 5) trade wars and macroeconomic volatility.
1.1. The world ' s first-largest pcb production company, which maintains its vanguard of self-renovation, was established on 29 April 1999 by the fully-owned subsidiary Coppertone, formerly the Ping Fu Yong Fine Component (Hin Shenzhen) Ltd.; from 2006 to 2008 it was established by the Stewardship Technology Holdings.
In 2011, the parent company announced its share of technology in Taiwan. In 2013, the government completed the re-establishment of its shareholdings, bringing together the five subsidiaries of Shenzhen Sungang, Jiang Suhuayan, Liaoning Pass, and Hebei Qin.
In 2017, the company as a whole changed to a stock company and was officially renamed Ping Dynasty (Hin Shenzhen) Ltd., becoming the world ' s largest producer of pcb in the same year; in 2018, the company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
The "oneavary" system has a full range of products. Pond shares focus on providing a full range of pcb products and services to industry's leading clients, and, in line with the customization requirements for pcb for different downstream end-products, provide customers with an overall solution covering the pcb design, R & D, manufacturing, and post-sale segments, thus building an "oneavary"
Product systems. The “oneavary” system requires companies to have a full range of products, which can be divided into flexible printed circuit boards (fpc), high-density interface boards (hdi), rigidly printed circuit boards (r-pcb), class plates (slp), soft and hard combination boards (rigid flex), crystal sheets (cof), modular products, etc.
Figure 2: The "oneavary" system is widely applied downstream, with a strong customer advantage. With the "oneavary" product system, companies actively explore downstream markets and establish good partnerships with leading manufacturers.
Figure 4: Growing R & D inputs for the company’s main products (segregated by downstream applications) and the strong advantages of technological progress.
The world ' s largest production company, pcb, has an experienced and powerful research team and continues to increase its research and development efforts, with annual increases in R & D inputs and an upward trend in R & D inputs as a percentage of revenues, with 1352 million yuan in 2019, an increase of about 129 million yuan, or 5.08 per cent, compared to 0.35 pt in the same period the previous year.
In 2019, there were 6337 technicians, an increase of 171, and 18.08 per cent of the total.
The company’s efforts to optimize its workforce have helped to boost per capita income generation and per capita profitability, and to speed up the process of automating the company’s production lines. Based on multiple advantages, it has long worked with global leading brands.
In the functional age, companies are mainly leading global branders such as Nokia, Motorola, Sony Ericsson.
Household services, in the age of smartphones, the company’s major major clients, including Apple, oppo and others, are high-quality, concentrated and stable clients, giving the company an incentive for sustained growth. The company’s five clients together sold $21,361 million before 2019, representing 80.26 per cent of total annual sales.
The existence of barriers, technology barriers, customer recognition barriers and environmental barriers also ensure the stability of quality customers downstream of the company, which injects a steady momentum into the company ' s continued development, its prospects for growth are good, and the industry has a strong leader in 1.2. Equity is concentrated in powerful parent companies, which drive the firm ' s rapid growth.
The company’s first shareholder is a limited company, with 66.38 per cent of its shareholdings, and a majority of its shares. The second shareholder is CFI, which is a fully-owned subsidiary of technology, thereby holding 72.82 per cent of its shares indirectly.
The stockholdings are highly concentrated, while the fully-owned owner of the Honghai Group holds 33.86% of the company’s shares (as of 31 December 2019). The parent company’s strong technology has consolidated its business with the exception of the ic plate, making the Ping Dynasty the largest pcb product in 2017.
Then the Honghai Group, which is behind it, became the company ' s largest customer in 2014, starting in 2015, and is in second place as a strong back-up, sharing electronic customer resources with the company and driving the company ' s progress. 1.3. Growth in revenue collection and repatriation profits is positive, and the overall optimization of the three productions is driving the Māori rate up.
The annual growth rate of 1.47 per cent, or 63.90 per cent of total operating income, is the company's most important product; while consumer electronics and computing boards have grown significantly in income affected by the remote economy, with revenues of 3,647 million yuan, or 23.12 per cent, compared with total operating income, the intrinsic driving force of which has also been the guarantee of sustained growth in corporate operating income and parent profits.
Figure 11: Business income and the same rate of growth, product-line capacity optimized, Māori rates and net interest rates are on the rise. The company ' s Māori ratio has been rebooted (iphone (x, xs, xsmax) face recognition innovation) from 16.61% in 2016, resulting in a significant increase in the demand for high unit fpc, public.
The Division began to optimize its product structure, and while the share of the individual segments of operations classified by downstream applications remained largely stable, the inner focus was tilted towards the production of a high unit price of fpc, while the high Maori consumer electronic product slp accounted for the product structure.
3. The company continues to promote the industrial objective of 4.0 by introducing production management systems in new production lines and in the renovation of old plants, by improving the quality of its staff, reducing labour intensity and producing data, intelligence, high 1.4. The company raises funds and expands its capacity to produce high-level products.
The company, as the world's largest producer of pcb, is currently concentrated in Shenzhen Park, Qin Royal Island Park, Xiao An Park and the Xiao Anxiv Park. Its main products are rigid boards (r-pcb), high-density connectors (hdi), fpc, and modular assembly of various specifications.
Short- and small-print circuit development requirements, the company invested in high-level hdi (slp) production and mass production in 2017. About 80% of the company's total capacity is concentrated in fpc production, which expands production capacity downstream with hdi and slp capacity.
The period has a sufficient supply of productive capacity, with companies actively enriching the product lines and continuously upgrading their production capacity, using listed funds and self-financed or self-financed expansion of the production capacity of soft, rigid, modular products, and pre-positioning of miniled light circuit board products to gain a competitive advantage.
2. For the benefit of 5g innovations and various products, the company fpc is on the verge of a new round of growth with a rising climate of 2.1.fpc and a sustained rise in the market size of 2.1.1.fpc in the future, with a wide range of applications
fpc features are consistent with current trends in electronics. Flexible circuit boards (Flexibleprintedcircuit Jane fpc) are highly reliable and adept printed circuit boards based on scratched copper sheets. The advantages of lightness, small size, good bending and so forth make fpc more compatible with its downstream industry than the other types of printed circuit boards.
Intelligent and lightening trends in electronics have led to widespread application of modern electronics. The size and structure of fpc production have risen steadily. In 2018, fpc production reached $12.295 billion and accounted for 19.8 per cent of production in the pcb industry.
Cagr will increase year by year, with fpc output reaching $13,843 million in 2022 and global fpc output in 2022 reaching 21.60 per cent in the pcb sector.
Figure 18: The global pcb output structure and forecast is highly concentrated in the fpc market, with cr5 exceeding 70%. In 2018, Podang took over the flag and became the world ' s largest manufacturer of fpc, with 24%. Flagship technology accounted for 23%, while the top five producers were Tungshan, respectively.
Precision, Fujikura, and alumni electricians. The field of fpc downstream applications is wide. According to Prismark, in 2018, fpc was used mainly on mobile phones, pc, consumer electronics, and automobiles.
Cars account for 7%. In terms of future growth, Prismark projected the fastest increase in the demand for fpc in the three areas of automobiles, consumer electronics, and server/data storage in 2017-2022, with cagr accounting for 6.6%, 6.4% and 5.9%, respectively, in figure 21: lower fpc applications in 2018.
Figure 22: Capgr forecasts the company ' s extensive layout, the fpc ' s capacity to maintain expansion, the company ' s fpc is available on mobile phones, electronics and cars. Currently, the company ' s fpc is mainly used for intelligence.
In addition, consumer electronics, cars, etc., are also fpc-collected watchservers 4 fpcs, which will be an important driving force in the fpc industry. To date, companies have reached depths with apples, Google, and fpc products are expected to grow steadily with large clients.
Long. With car electricization and intelligence, the car sector is expected to have a fpc demand comparable to that of the iPhone volume. The pattern in the car area is a long-term strategy of the company, which is now accelerating product research and development and customer import.
Electronics (Liaoan) Ltd.'s flexible multi-storey printed circuit board extension project, with a total investment of 3 billion yuan and an annual production capacity of 1.38 million square metres of the new fpc production line, which is expected to yield revenues of 4.525 billion yuan after delivery, is now partially operational: “The Shenzhen Park 2nd Plant Extension Project”, mainly for the manufacture of flexible multi-storey printed circuit board precision components, with an investment of 1,552 million yuan.
According to the 28 December 2019 Communiqué of the 27th meeting of the First Board of Directors, the company will invest 833 million yuan in the construction of a multi-storey soft-plate production line in Shenzhen and Crown Island, with plans to expand the multi-storey circuit board by 15,000 square metres per month.
2.2. The fpc market, in the context of a single-machine combined increase in value + 5g switch, continues to improve towards a 5g switch in 2020, with apples fully benefiting. In 2020, smartphones were affected by the epidemic, but 5g mobile phones have increased rapidly.
There are bottlenecks to smartphone innovation, the length of the consumer change cycle, and the reduced demand for it, which affects the volume of smartphones arriving each year, which, according to idc data, will continue to decline globally in 2017-2019, demand for the mobile phone market will gradually recover, and a more visible rebound is expected in 2021.
By 2022, 5g mobile phones are expected to reach more than 50% worldwide. Apple 5g mobile phones are expected to be fully launched by 2020.
Production, 5g mobile phone penetration has risen rapidly, with the top three producers projected by Trendforce to be 74 million, 70 million apples, 29 million tristars, 31%, 29.32%, and 12.15% respectively in 2020. Strategyanalytics predicts that Apple 5g will surpass q4 by 2020.
Figure 27: The rapid growth of global smartphones in 2014-2022 and the forecast of 5g mobile phones will result in an increase in fpc usage and value. In the 5g era, the rate will be more than 10 times higher than the 4g speed rate, and mobile phones will need to receive more frequency signals, not only the pa, filter, but also the single machine.
The number of antennas, etc., will increase significantly, and the base belt will be more expensive, the ability to continue the ship will need to be further enhanced, the battery will increase, and the internal space tension in the cell phone may push up the use of soft panels; the smart phone will use a much higher-frequency high-speed lcp/mpi material softboard on the selection material to reduce wear and tear.
A corresponding increase in material costs and a rise in the flipper value. Even though projections suggest that smartphones will drop slightly in 2020, the combined value of the fpc, a 5g mobile phone, is expected to rise significantly and the fpc market is still up.
2.2.2. The advantage of mobile phone fpc is highlighted by the fact that smartphones fpc have increased prices, smartphone interior space is compressed and fpc single machine usage has increased. As smartphone battery capacity expands, camera size increases and radio frequency magnifiers, filters and related components need to be significantly increased.
Based on three iphonex graphics, contrasts from xr, xsmax to the latest 11promax show that the size of the camera module inside the iphone 11 promax is increasing, while the battery size is increasing simultaneously, leaving space for other parts to be reduced. Fpc is more conducive to saving smart phones than pcb on the hardboard.
Inner space, we predict that the crowding of cellular space will push the demand for soft panels. The fpc application has increased, and the fpc single machine usage has increased. Earlier fpc can be used for antennas, lcd panels, lcd modules, camera modules, esb, key presses, batteries, etc. in mobile phones.
Innovations have led to an increase in fpc applications, resulting in the creation of new features that need to be connected with fpc panels: 1) with the introduction of bio-intelligent recognition, the introduction of off-screen fingerprinting techniques; 2) multiple cameras bringing relevant module products; 3) the increase in the fpc average layer following the transition from lcd to oled; 4) the emergence of virtual side buttons, attached to the cell phone side by the whole fpc
Side-key virtualization; 5) fold-screening mobile phones accelerate development, and the bendable fpc in their design is one of the necessary components; 6) wireless charging technology is rapidly permeable, using low-depletion, lightly fpc as one of the receiving end options for wireless charge technologies due to space constraints; (7) accompanied by full screens becoming smartphone technology
The process and material upgrades increase the value of fpc single machines. As the 5g technology advances, the fpc antenna will be exposed to signal transmissions of more than 30 ghz, but the transmission loss in the materials increases with frequency, 5g frequency.
The transmission loss will be much higher than in the current 4g frequency. The traditional piping medium constants and loss factors are larger, more adsorption, less reliable, high frequency transmission losses are severe and unable to adapt to the 5g HF-adjusted transfer trend. mpi is easy to process, and the performances are moderate. lcp performance is optimal, but the production process is complex, the quality rate is low, and there are few suppliers.
fpc materials will be inexorably replaced, mpi is expected to rise, and lcp will be better suited to high-end products. mpi is easy to process, with moderate performances. lcp works best, but is complex in production, low in good quality, few suppliers, and expensive. We believe that it will benefit from technological upgrades and breakthroughs in new materials, and it is expected that mpi will be in the future.
The depth of fpc material will benefit, and the volume of fpc single machines is expected to increase. The price of the iPhone single machine fpc is up. The fpc single machine has been increasing rapidly since 2010. As the new iPhone functionality has been upgraded, the iPhone 11 promax was released in 2019.
For fpc, the value of the single machine has risen from the previous $25 to the dollar. The patent for fingerprinting under the apple screen was approved by the U.S. Bureau of Commerce and Industry in late 2019, the screen-touch patent was granted in early 2020, and the latest technology is expected to be used in the new iphone in 2020.
The fpc penetration rate in the Andre system is high. At present, under the trend of lightening mobile phones, China, Samsung, vivo, oppo and Google have their own mobile phone models using fpc soft boards.
Small transmission losses, coupled with compressed cellular space to increase multifunctional assemblies and battery capacity, will result in a stronger demand for high-integration antennas, which will encourage fpc antennas to replace the traditional Andre camp (especially high-end machines), single fpcs of domestic high-end type, oppo, vivo, etc., with around 10-14 pieces of fpc, and apples.
There's still more room for growth than there is. We think that André's cell phone fpc has more than double the amount of room for upgrading, and that it has not been expected to drive the high growth of fpc. The tap effect continues, accelerating the lead consumer electronic fpc.
Japanese companies are gradually shrinking in consumer fpc operations. At present, the dot holding shares occupy about 25% of Apple fpc purchases, while Japanese suppliers, accounting for more than 40%, are phasing out. Japanese companies are more cautious about softboard inputs and are affected by industrial shifts, and Japanese fpc production is shrinking and at a historically low level.
And the continent’s high-quality fpc manufacturers are expanding and are expected to transfer their production capacity into fast-developing lanes. Upstream price hikes – pressured by environmental inspectors – keep the dragonheads running.
In recent years, the central government has stepped up its efforts to monitor the environment and implement more stringent environmental policies, with companies facing greater cost pressures in a dual context. The leading companies have advanced technologically proven and efficient production processes, which are expected to expand in size by raising productive capacity, automating management, and so on.
By contrast, small and medium-sized pcb enterprises have weak bargaining power downstream and are difficult to transfer to upstream price-raising pressures, and their profit margins are further compressed. Under market shuffling, the doppelganger is the world’s top fpc leader, with strong market bargaining power and economies of scale.
2.3. The wearing of equipment fpc has become a new engine for growth in corporate performance 2.3.1. Rapid release of apparelable equipment, steady growth in demand for fpc. Steady growth in the size of consumer electronic markets.
Product production is expected to reach $298 billion, an increase of 2.76 per cent over the same period, and Prismark projects that by 2023 the world-wide consumer electronics industry is expected to produce $339 billion and cagr 3.3 per cent.
The global volume of serviceable equipment is growing rapidly. idc data show that in 2019 there were 337 million serviceable equipment worldwide, an increase of 89.33 per cent compared to the previous year; in 2023, the global volume of serviceable equipment was projected to reach 482 million.
Among them, global tws headphones are growing strongly, and by 2020 they are projected to reach 230 million. The market for tws is a powerful driving force in the development of fpc industries. The tws are miniaturized and light.
The fpc is light, curable, high-density properties that match their heights are the best connection components, the electronics that can be worn are now heavily used fpc, and the proportion of fpc that will be used will increase in the future. In the case of applewatch, the new applewatch will evolve in terms of calculation, data transfer speed, and water resistance specifications.
A step-by-step upgrade will result in the introduction of additional lcp panels to replace slow-transmission pip panels, and the related fpc firms will be active in expanding the emerging consumer electronics sector and optimizing product layout.
According to Counterpoint, the volume of global shipments by airpods increased by 71.43 per cent in 2019, and apples are projected to remain dominant in this category over the next five years. According to the Trendforce data, the volume of global shipments by applewatch was about 27.9 million in 2019, an increase of 25.11 per cent, and
Continue to expand the consumer electronics sector and seek new performance growth. As consumer electronics and computer panels for traditional products, such as pc and notebook, continue to weaken demand, companies will prioritize research and development of high-volume, high-unit, and Māori-high-products to maintain income growth and market competitive advantage.
Companies achieved operating income of $6.704 billion in consumer electronics and computer panels during the reporting period, an increase of 23.59 per cent over the same period. In 2020, H1 companies achieved operating income of $3.647 billion in consumer electronics and computer panels, an increase of 23.12 per cent over the same period.
The company’s fpc business is expected to grow steadily. With the rapid upgrading of downstream consumer electronic terminals and increasing market penetration, customers’ customization requirements for pcb products are gradually increasing, which has an advantage for manufacturers with well-developed pcb lines. As a few professional pcb manufacturers around the world, companies will continue to do so in the future, in addition to continuing to do so.
Apart from the upgrade of apple-clothed equipment, companies will continue to be home- and home-grown, google, Microsoft and other brand clients, and as the demand for apparel equipment increases, companies are expected to gain a steady increase in Fpc business income from vehicle-borne fpc development, which offers new opportunities for upgrading their products.
2.4.1. Automobile electrons are a new driver of demand for fpc. The new energy car market is expanding. New energy cars are the main trend in future growth in the automobile industry. Insideevs data show that 2.2 million new energy cars were sold globally in 2019, with a share in the new energy car market.
According to the Chinese Auto-Industry Association and the China Industrial Information Network, penetration and sales in China ' s new energy car market had been rising year by year until 2018. In 2019, sales fell to 1.260 million vehicles, down from 2018, but now the new energy automobiles are in operation.
In the long term, the industry is expected to shift from a subsidy-driven to a market-driven future, and domestic sales and penetration of new energy sources continue to grow steadily in the size of the automobile electronics market. In the context of the growing use of new energy vehicles, the value of electronics in the automobile industry has increased in tandem with the growth in the value of electronics, which, according to the Prismark data, was estimated to be around $235.0 billion in 2019.
Also, global car electronics production is projected to reach 6.6 per cent in 2019-2022, and the size of the domestic car electronics market is expanding year by year, reaching $96.2 billion in 2019, an increase of 10.07 per cent over the same period.
Figure 46: The size of the Chinese automobile electronics market. Automobile electronics have increased in proportion to the cost of the whole car, and the value of bicycle fpc has increased. As the trend towards car electricization and intelligence has developed, and consumer demand for automobile functionality and safety has increased, the ratio of car electronics to bikes has gradually increased.
At present, many aspects of the body are used in fpc, including power transmission systems, led lights, sensors, car entertainment systems, etc. The fpc can meet the hardware requirements for modern model upgrades. For example, the new fuel vehicle, which is now hot, has a core claim for continued mileage, while the fpc feature allows cars to continue within the same battery capacity.
Long. With the development of new energy vehicles, the energy density of their power cell systems is a key element, the use of fpc instead of traditional beams is a trend, and in the future smart cars will have to load large body sensors and larger, more functional vehicle displays, which will also require large loads of fpc, so that the value of bicycle fpc will increase.
Cars and electronics are also one of the hot spots of the current corporate focus. The size of China’s automobile and electronics market is growing year by year, reaching $96.2 billion by 2019.
First, the car-borne fpc market. Currently, the company’s car-mounted fpc product is being applied to the solar light system, the car navigation system, the car-borne audio entertainment system and the car charger system, with cooperative clients such as tela, panasonic and cellular photovoltaics, and the automobile electronics industry is expected to become the new blue sea downstream of pcb.
The company ' s 2019 annual report reveals that it is now actively promoting car electronics and will increasingly use its own industry ' s experience, technology and pool of talent to power cars.
Sub-research and development are well-structured, with a focus on expanding customers in high-growth, disaggregated areas such as automobiles and electronics. Further optimization of product structure and reduction of business risk is taking place.
In order to reduce the risks associated with changes in the industry, companies will continuously develop high-moric products, while increasing the spread of car plate customers and helping to accelerate the layout of the electronic car market.
3.1. Multi-layered, high-level hdi is becoming dominant in pcb products. The rigid board market is widely used. pcb products are diverse and can be divided into rigid panels and scratches according to the softness of the base material.
Sheets and scratch sheets, of which rigid board products, commonly known as hardboards, can be divided into single panels, double panels, multi-layers depending on the number of guidance graphic layers. As electronic products are light, thin, short, and small-trendized, the traditional multi-layers gradually move to higher, high-precision, high-density, and produce a variety of special new types of multi-layers, such as hdi panels, tall hdi panels, etc.
The pcb market is still dominated by rigid panels, which are widely applied to various electronics. 3.1.2. Industrial development in downstream areas, stimulating product demand structural upgrading, multi-layers are the main market, and demand for high-level products such as hdi and slp is increasing.
The main global variety of pcb products, with a market share of about 40 per cent, is generally decreasing, while demand for products such as hdi, slp, etc. has increased and market demand for pcb products has been structurally adjusted. According to Prismark, markets for high-technology pcb products such as high-plate panels, scratch plates, hdi panels, envelopes etc. are projected to be in place by 2021
The ratio will reach 60.58 per cent, becoming the dominant product in the market.Figure 50: Trends in product structure and size in the global pcb market High multi-layer, hdi, etc. High-technology pcb product market landscape.
Controls the downstream areas of medicine, aerospace, auto electronics, computers, etc. In which telecommunications, aerospace and aerospace demand for pcb products is dominated by high multilayers, car electrons are more demanding for hdiboards. As smartphones, auto electrons, and so on, electronic product renewals promote high density, integration, multi-level distribution of pcb products.
3.1.3. The trend of “light, thin, short, small” to become the dominant trend of “light, short, small”.
Increased integration of telecommunications, consumer electronics, and automobile electronics, and increased demand for hardboard pcb products. The traditional hdi line has a large width and a limited number of stacking layers. High-level and high-level hdi with small space, speed of transmission, high-performance features will be the dominant trend in the development of hardboards.
Cagr reached 6.50 per cent, with a faster rate of increase. Figure 54: Space and aviation demand for pcb products. Figure 55: Automobile demand for pcb products
3.2.slp is expected to become the mainstream of future hardboard 3.2.1.slp is short-lived and responsive to development trends and slp technological advantages to meet market development needs.
Develops the trend of miniaturization, intelligence, and requires a corresponding reduction in the size, weight and volume of the pcb widgets. Slp reduces the thickness of products by about 30%, size by about 50%, the width of the line is smaller, there are more stacked layers, more hardware modules can be carried, more space is used efficiently to meet market development needs.
Figure 59: Comparison of technical parameters of hdi and slp
The new iPhone supports 5g technology and accelerates the penetration of slp demand. Apples first picked up in 2017 in iphonex, using stacked slpeck technology, introduced the slp panel, making the iphonex main board only 18% of the body, and Apple became the main force of the current slp market. iphonexmax used three slpboards in 2018.
The machineslp is worth around $20, and the new iphone is expected to increase the size of the slp main board within the airframe by 10-15 per cent in 2020 as a result of the use of a 5g technique that consumes more electricity to further save internal space, meeting the combined annual growth rate of 64 per cent for the larger year of electricity, and to reach $2.24 billion by 2023 in the global market size of the slp.
Figure 61: iPhone single machine slp usage
The company has the miniled technology, leading the world. Super thinhdi will be used mainly in the miniled backlight module, and the company is one of the few manufacturers that have the technology. At the same time, the company is running the relevant production layout in the Huai An Park and is expected to be operational by the end of this year.
Backlight technology, as the company's hdi, slp supplier at the heart of the apple supply chain, would clearly be a priority beneficiary, and if the company were able to import its products smoothly, the Xiao An production line would become a new profitable growth point for the company, bringing new telecommunications panels to the company: the company's technological excellence is ahead of the line, producing fpc products according to its client's customized needs, and
Introduction of a large data-processing specialist system (engineeringdataanalysis) with improved product quality. With a 5g switch, the increase in the volume of smartphone shipments will add to the volume and value of fpc. At the same time, the company's stock of highly developed slp boards is expected to increase capacity utilization significantly. We expect the business to be harvested in 2020-2022.
Consumer electronics and computer panels: With a strong growth in consumer electronics, represented by smart wear, smart products will be an important driving force in the fpc industry. Companies work in depth with apples, Google, and the fpc product harvest is expected to keep growing robustly with large clients. At the same time, companies accelerate research and development on fpc-related products and car flots.
In the context of the 5g era and the continuing development of consumer electronics, the growth in the capacity of companies, the expansion of their production capacity, the expansion of their production capacity and the optimization of their product structure as a result of the growth of 5g innovation and consumer electronics, the expansion of their production capacity, and the upgrading of their product structure, are among the new electronic components, printed circuit boards, automated equipment and their accessories.
On the basis of the August 31, 2020 collection, the average of comparable company pe (2020e) was 30.42 times, the average of pe (2020e) was 35.03 times, the average of comparable company pe (2021e) was 23.46 times and the performance of pe (2021e) increased and profits improved, with performance and valuation expected to double.
1) Changes in raw material prices: company products are made of electronic parts, bronze base plates, steel sheets, back glues, etc., with a high percentage of the company ' s main operating costs, and changes in raw material prices directly affect company profits. 2) Changes in exchange rates: major customers and suppliers of companies are offshore enterprises, imported materials and exports are imported in United States dollars
When a settlement is settled, foreign exchange settlements are large, and exchange rate fluctuations during the settlement period will have a greater impact on the performance of the company. (3) Downstream demand increases and market competition increases: the performance of the company downstream products is rapidly renewed, the market is highly competitive among downstream customers, and changes in the market share of the client and new demand from the customer will affect the performance of the company.
4) Tax policy changes: changes in national income tax preferences and export tax refund policies will affect the profitability of companies. 5) Trade wars and macroeconomic volatility: uncertainty in the US-China trade war, macroeconomic growth affecting the demand of the industry ' s product markets, and hence corporate performance.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board