See dragons in the field \triangleright $12.4 billion, mainly as a result of a significant increase in copper and cobalt sales, with a reduction of $1.26 billion to $1.26 billion in the same year for phosphorus plates.
1540 million yuan, mainly due to the fall in the price of phosphorus, the sum of 810 million yuan to 3.75 billion yuan for the same year, and the sum of $86 million to $340 million for the same year for the gold plate, which benefited from the rise in the price of molybdenum.
The main gains are from the sale of npm gold from Australia by q4.3 Fair value changes: mostly trade, Zhang Qing, overhead costs (plus $600 million, boost of staff bonus) and financial costs (up from + $1.2 billion, increasing liabilities).
Large + foreign currency debt interest rate rises by $1.85 billion on the same year, mainly due to higher sales, corresponding to 371 million tons. However, due to the fact that copper stocks are all expected to be in transit, they will not be released to performance in the short term, Cobalt Cobalt 1.
The remaining stocks are expected to be marketed over time, estimated at approximately 15,000 tons in transit.Req3 performances, the use of the Twin Stars is expected to yield 2023/, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Twin Stars have full potential. 12024 production guidelines: copper
\triangleright starts tfm3 and kfm2 expansion projects in due course.2 Development goals for the next five years: achieving annual copper production 3.
80 to 1 million tons of metals, 90 to 100,000 tons of cobalt, 25 to 30 tons of molybdenum and more than 10,000 tons of niobium.
4. The semi-annual report of the Luoyang industry (603993.sh), 2023, provides an overview of sales disruptions affecting the release of profits, and looks forward to the second half of the year.
\triangleright \triangleright 1 incident: annual company report 2023
Proposing development goals for the next five years, and achieving the goal of the second step of the “three steps” strategy, “up steps.” Initially, entering the ranks of the world's leading mining companies: 80 to 1 million tons of copper metal, 90 to 100,000 tons of cobalt metal, 2.5 to 30 million tons of molybdenum metal and more than 10,000 tons of zirconium metal per year; significant improvement in internationalization, with a “5233” architecture
The meeting considered the adoption of the bill on the company's profit distribution plan for 2023, which the Board recommended to the United Nations Board of Trustees.
Shareholders find a gold dividend of $1.5425 (including taxes) per 10 shares. According to the company ' s total equity as of 31 December 2023 (net of shares held in the company ' s back-purchased securities account), dividends were distributed in late 2023 at two points: Niezheng reborn, and copper and cobalt blocks were on track to drive the company ' s performance.
Cobalt production rose significantly in 2,12023 and performance increased by 36% in the same year. The increase in performance in the same year was mainly due to an increase of 2,046 million yuan in the same year, mainly in the sales of copper and cobalt; the return on investment increased by 1.76 billion yuan in the same year, mainly q4 for Australia.
The netpm copper gold mine has reaped gains; fair value changes have increased by $3.29 billion on a year-on-year basis, mostly for trading operations, and financial instruments have increased on a year-on-year basis. The discounts are mainly for cost and tax deductions of $3.64 billion and fees of $3.64 billion, debt expansion + interest rate increases in foreign currency debt), and taxes have increased by $1.85 billion on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to sales.
Increases, and an increase in the corresponding tax on resources. Prices: metal prices are rising and falling, copper prices are running steadily during the year, moly prices are rising significantly, but the Māori rate of corporate mining operations has fallen by 1.1 pct to 40.5 per cent owing to a sharp decline in the average price of cobalt, phosphorus and nickel in 2023.
Cobalt and Cobalt plates: high copper prices run with limited drops, cobalt prices fell by 50.12% on a year-on-year basis, and the net profit from the plate was 3,598 million yuan (kfm+tfm), mainly as a result of a significant increase in the sale of copper and cobalt minerals. Other plates: prices of small metals have mostly increased. In domestic steroids, molybdenum, iron, molten oxide, etc.
Maintenance of high-level operations; annual average price of americium/phosphate ammonium per year in Brazilian phosphorus plates +2.96%/- digestion, Russian exports of Brazilian fertilizer have largely resumed, phosphorus-rich enterprises in Morocco, Western Sahara and the Middle East are expanding their production as planned, and demand is affected by strong monsoons in Brazil.
Delays in crop cultivation in the second season affected the weak demand for fertilizers in Brazil, resulting in weak phosphorus prices running and falling, notably with the Brazilian subsidiary ' s net return profit of 987 million yuan, a decrease of 39.72 per cent in the same year ' s share of the trade plate: the return ' s net profit increased by 612 to 913 million yuan in the same year, the best level ever.
Volume: Production from mines is close to or above the limit of the year-end production guidelines, and the volume of metals traded is slightly lower than in the guidelines \checkmark copper and cobalt plates: two major world-class copper and cobalt projects, kfm+tfm, have a strong capacity to boost copper and cobalt production
The benefits of early output in the first quarter were realized in the second quarter, with 11.37 million tons of copper and 33.9 million tons of cobalt produced throughout the year. The tfm mixed mining project successfully completed the scale of the production capacity of mixed mines in the centre, tons of copper in the east and 3.7 million tons of cobalt in the east, in accordance with the “milestone” nodes.
The year 2023, when the sorghum/tungsten metal production was combined with co-mingled resources, lowered the industrial grade and re-tungstened the economy, increased the amount of ore that could be mined, thereby prolonging the remainder of the mine ' s service. Thus, despite a downward trend in grade, the forecast
In addition, the company is pushing forward with the development of the Xinjiang molybdenum mine, with the possibility of a possible return to its future production. Asteron plate: the production of phosphorus is higher than the median in the instruction, with a slight increase in the same year.
For 9515 tonnes/1.17 million, i.e. 3%/+3% of the same year, copper gold plates that have completed the year-round plan (median guideline): the company has sold 80% of the benefits of the npm copper gold mine and, as at 15 December 2023, the production of npm copper/gold was 25,500 tonnes and 187.72 million ounces, respectively.
Trade plate: The volume of metals traded was slightly lower than the median in the instruction. In 2023, trade in kind amounted to 5.91 million tons, a significant increase in copper and cobalt sales in 2023, and changes in sales of products other than cobalt were largely consistent with the trend in production. From the benefits of sales recovery and growth in production capacity, corporate sales of copper and cobalt increased significantly in 2023; at the end of the inventory,
In 2022, it was mainly at the end of the mine, while in 2023 it was mainly in transit, valued at $18 billion at the current price of copper and cobalt. Of this amount, we expect copper to be in transit, with some 15,000 tons of cobalt in transit, leaving the remaining stocks expected to be marketed.
The plate shows a significant increase in copper and cobalt, a steady increase in titanium, and a much lower drop in phosphorus. \checkmark drops, the price of tungsten products is a problem, and the plate as a whole is more stable in terms of Maori.
High copper prices directly contributed to the increase in profits, while lower cobalt prices led to a greater decline in the same year, so that output growth did not directly contribute to the growth of plate profits. According to our calculations, the lower returns were mainly due to the fact that, in 2023, the stock was replenished in transit due to the lack of trade.
The formation of sales has led to unrecognizable receipts, while at the end of the mine, a resource tax and a tax payment were made, thus putting an additional tax on the net profit of the actual sales.
At the same time, as a result of rising labour and manufacturing costs, the cost per unit was higher, and despite a slight increase in production and sales, Māori fell by $143 million in the same year. According to our calculations, in 2023 there was a deviation between the company ' s phosphorus unit, which is based on the data disclosed in the current year ' s statement.
In 2023, the cost for the company was $5.55 billion, an increase of $1.85 billion in the same year, mainly due to significant increases in financial and management costs. Of this amount, the cost of sales was $155 million, an increase of $58 million, while the cost of management was $2,387 million, an increase of $596 million, mainly due to an increase in staff bonuses.
2.22023q4 Copper Cobalt has maintained good sales with an optimal performance of four quarters The change in the promised value (+1.173 billion yuan) has benefited from a significant increase in sales of copper and cobalt after sales have been restored, the return on investment from the sale of npm by q4 and the fair value change gains from derivatives from trading companies.
From income tax ($24.7 billion), fees and taxes ($16.35 million). Prices: four quarters of the season show good performance and cobalt nickel prices are weak. Copper and cobalt plates: $2023q4, cathode/metal cobalt prices US$ 8250 per ton and US$ 15.1 per ton, respectively.
The larger price decline over the same period was mainly due to weaker downstream demand, while copper prices remained high under supply constraints. Other plates: 2023q4 tungsten prices, 9.19 per cent and 8.97 per cent respectively; and other non-trading varieties, with a certain decline in prices over the same period, with nickel prices falling significantly, with a 31.43 per cent decline in the same ring, respectively.
And 15.09%. The price of black tungsten concentrate increased by 9.19% and the ring increased by 0.27% in the same year in the domestic plate, and the price operated at a higher level due to cost increases and supply constraints; the price of iron/ammonium phosphate in the Brazilian plate changed by +8.97%/-10.39%, respectively, and the ring changed by +10.39%.
+2.28 per cent/+10.39 per cent, the fall in the price of phosphorus was due mainly to a relatively loose supply, while demand continued to be weak. Volume: copper cobalt q4 production increased by the same amount and phosphorous q4 sales dropped more than the q4 ring.
phosphorus plate: 2227/292429 tons of americium/phosphorus produced in the fourth quarter of 2023, changing by the same year - Copper gold plate: the company 2023q4 sold all shares in the Australian npm project at $4.03 billion, bringing company q4 investment returns of $2,254 million, a significant increase of almost 26 times the same year, the main one.
In order to contribute to the sale of assets, the transaction, according to the company's asset sale announcement, would have generated a net gain of $252 million. As of the date of delivery (15 December 2023), the share of copper/gold production in the fourth quarter of 2022. Trade plates: 74.02.30.63 million tons of refined metal sold in the fourth quarter of 2023.
Project tracking: Focus on copper and cobalt, the potential of the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Twin Stars, and the potential of the two major mines to contribute significantly over the next five years. With the tfm mixed mine, kfm square kilometres, the scope of operations covers the exploration, extraction, extraction, processing and sale of copper and cobalt ore, and the ownership of these mines will increase considerably over the next five years.
The main products are cathode copper and cobalt hydroxide. The tfm project produced 28.0 million tons of copper and 21.16 million tons of cobalt throughout the year. tfm mixed mining project successfully completed the Central Zone mixed mine, the Eastern Zone oxide and the mixed mine according to the “milestone” node
The construction of three production lines, with five copper and cobalt production lines, forms the size of the capacity to produce 450,000 tons of copper and 37,000 tons of cobalt per year. As at 20 March, the tfm mixed-mine eastern oxygen line had been processed for an average of 12,883 tons per day for seven days, with an over-designed capacity of 27.6 per cent; and the mixed-mine line had been continuous.
For copper, cobalt monthly production of kfm copper cobalt ore: the company indirectly holds 71.25% interest in kfm copper or cobalt ore. The main product is cathode copper,
Cobalt hydroxide and small amounts of copper sulfide cobalt concentrate. The kfm project yielded early output benefits in the first quarter of 2023, and was launched in the second quarter, producing 11.37 million tons of copper and 33.9 million tons of cobalt throughout the year. Kfm was fully produced in 2024, producing more than 14,000 tons of copper in January and producing more than 15,000 tons in February.
In 2024, the company will intensify its mapping and launch an additional storage plan, which will make less progress than expected on projects tfm3, kfm2.) There are more ongoing projects, including the tfm mixed mining project, the kfm project, etc., which will require considerable human and material resources if some unforeseen impacts occur.
As a result, the project is not moving as fast as expected, when the release pace of production will slow, with an impact on profitability. (2) Prices of major metals, such as copper and cobalt, fall. Companies produce bulk commodities, prices are transparent, and price fluctuations for copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, strontium, phosphorus, etc. can significantly affect corporate profitability if macroeconomic downturns or supply
Large releases lead to a decline in metal prices, which will have a greater impact on companies’ profitability. 3) Geopolitical risks. Corporate investment projects are spread across several countries, including China, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Brazil, Australia, and India.
Laws that do not favour mining companies abroad, etc., can undermine companies’ interests, exchange rate risks against companies’ profitability (4), etc. Corporate mines are global, involve more foreign currency, and although exchange-rate hedging is used to avoid the risk, there may also be a risk of hedging failures or high exchange rate fluctuations.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.