"Mine plus trade" model is global, with copper at the end of the pipeline, with flexible space available on March 01, 2024.
Research assistant Miyu Keyword: #ExplosionExploitation  Mine+Trade Model Global, leading resource leader: "Mine+Trade": the company has two main sectors.
Business: Mineral plate operations (cobalt, platinum, phosphorus) and mineral trade, with total revenue of 15/85 per cent in 2022 and Māori contribution of 66/34 per cent respectively. Global resource leader: companies have been regressive in acquiring overseas resources since 2013 and have acquired successively the Npm copper gold mine in Australia, the Brazilian phosphorous mine, the Congolese tfm copper cobalt mine, the third largest basic metal trader in the world.
By 2022, the company had become the world’s leading producer of tungsten, cobalt, americium, molybdenum, and important copper, as well as Brazil’s leading producer of phosphorus, while the company’s trade in basic metals was among the leading in the world. The long-term supply of copper has been limited, the production of cobalt reserves has been growing steadily: 1) the supply of copper has been constrained in the long run, and new sources of electricity have become points of demand growth.
Supply: Copper has long been constrained by limited capital spending, geopolitics, low mineral standards, and so on. Demand: From 2013 to 2023, global and Chinese refined copper consumption as a whole is on the rise, with annual demand exceeding 25 million metric tons. From a downstream demand perspective, the share of national copper consumption is close to 50% of the electricity plate, and we expect to accompany the development of the South Net in the 14th Century and the new energy sector.
The demand for copper is promising. 2) The production of cobalt reserves has increased steadily, and the demand for new energy electric vehicles has been strong. Supply: global cobalt deposits have risen steadily, with a global cobalt reserve of 8.3 million tons in 2022, and yoy + 9.2%. By region, production is concentrated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo region, accounting for 68% of the world ' s total.
38%. On the demand side: Cobalt is mainly used for new energy sources such as lithium batteries. Between 2016 and 2021, the market consumption of cobalt in China increased from 31,000 tons to 55,000 tons, and cagr from 11.8%, with an overall upward trend.
Cobalt's core metal performance is thin. The company now owns five mines and three mines in Brazil, with copper and cobalt accounting for 10% of the world's reserves, the company's Māori ratio increasing by about 1 pct, the company's share price is more directly related to copper's strong stock price, and we anticipate a solid volume, finely managed small return of Māori, followed by an expectation of a backlash from the Togo magma.)
The expansion translates the resource advantage into a cost advantage, with the firm ' s five reverse acquisitions leading to a significant increase in equity prices, while the company ' s cost controls are ahead of schedule to meet the three-year $500 million drop target. 3) Sustained R & D input efficiency gains at the technology end.
More than 40%. 4) Ixm builds a new model of “mine + trade” to achieve synergy and resource integration. Ixm is the third largest metal trader in the world, covering 80 + countries, and now extends to the corporate copper, cobalt, platinum, industry chain, which combines the “mine + trade” model to become the leading resource leader worldwide.
1.1. The development journey: after two blends into leading resource firms, overseas M&As achieve global layouts. After two blends, companies have become global leading metal producers through the development model of overseas M&As and “mines + trade”.
In October 2016, the company spent $1.5 billion buying phosphorous in Brazil.
In November and April 2017, the company acquired 80% of the tfm share of the Congolese copper and cobalt business, with a total of $3.75 billion. The company already has a number of high-quality overseas mineral resources and has achieved an initial global strategic layout.
A 100% share in the trade platform Exxonixm, completing the extension of the supply chain, and creating a model for “mines plus trade” development. After 2019, the company seized the new wind and began to deploy new energy metals projects, investing 30% of the nickel and cobalt project and 70% of the kfm in China from 2019 to 2020, and acquired Bolivia in the early 2023 era together.
By the end of 2022, the Department was the world’s leading producer of tungsten, cobalt, thorium, molybdenum, and important copper, as well as Brazil’s leading producer of phosphorus, while the company’s basic metals trade was among the world’s leading.
1.2. The firm has a clear equity structure, a highly experienced and professional management team, a clear corporate equity structure, and an integrated industrial investment group.
In many areas, such as mineral resources, air transport, and energy conservation, new energy became the company’s second largest shareholder in the Ningde era in March 2023, with a 24.7% shareholding and a clear equity structure. The company’s management has grown and experienced.
All of them have worked for more than 10 years, have a better understanding of the company’s business and industry, and have considerable managerial experience. 1.3. Mergers and acquisitions drive the company to the new steps, metal prices significantly affect the company’s profitability levels.
The growth in 2016 was more robust, with deep-dry metals; in 2017, the company expanded its coverage of copper and cobalt mining operations in Brazil and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, resulting in a significant increase in revenues, with 24.1 billion yuan in 2017, and the company ' s two main plate operations were mineral block trading operations (cobalt, cavity, phosphorous) and mineral trading operations, respectively.
The company's main bright spot business is global. The mineral plate business consists of three main categories of copper cobalt, platinum and phosphorus by product. Geographically, copper cobalt is located mainly in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, platinum is located mainly in the country, and phosphorus is located mainly in Brazil.
Revenues from mining extractive industries and mineral trade operations amounted to $244,473 million (Yoy0.1/-0.5 per cent), representing 15 per cent/85 per cent of total revenue, and copper cobalt/nitrophosphorus/corium/copper gold in mining operations amounted to 6 per cent/ 4 per cent/1 per cent of the total, respectively. Māori contributions amounted to 34 per cent and 66 per cent, respectively, and copper-cobalt/nitrophos/corium/copper gold in mining plates amounted to 34 per cent and 66 per cent respectively.
28/17/18/2 per cent. From a Māori perspective, the Māori rate of corporate mining plates is significantly higher than the trade plate, of which 2. Long-term supply limits for copper, steady growth in cobalt storage production Long-term supply of copper and new energy sources for electricity are new growth points in demand
Supply-side copper has long been constrained by limited capital spending and inadequate supply of minerals. As of September 2023, the global copper mineral volume stood at 16.42 million tons, an increase of 2 per cent over last year’s year. According to icsg, overall copper production grew slowly from 2019-2022, mainly due to the disruption of copper production in Chile and Peru, while capacity utilization declined.
In the last two years, the utilization rate has been less than 82%, and we've judged to be constrained by the increased cost of mining, the decline in the grade of copper minerals, and the slowdown in capital spending in recent years, long-term or inadequate supply of copper mines, which supports copper prices. Disturbing factors such as geopolitics, social security, environmental protection, etc. have affected the supply of copper chains.
The strike led to a high incidence of accidents in the copper mine and affected the volume of copper. For example, since October 2023, when the Government of Panama renewed the first-volume contract for the operation of the Cobre copper mine, the local population staged a massive demonstration that lasted two months. The Cobre copper mine has now ceased to be mined as one of the largest copper mines in the world, producing 350,000 tons of copper annually, if production is prolonged.
The changes in supply and demand patterns in 2024 will be significantly affected; in December 2023, the Anglo-American Resource Group announced that the reduction of the South American flagship copper would impede the growth of copper mineral energy, for example, in recent years, the Government of Chile has been developing a tax increase scheme for mining, considering that the global major exchange copper stock in 2023 will be at its seven-year low level and that subsequent copper prices are expected to be more sensitive.
According to Bloomberg, since 2016, the major exchange ' s copper stock has been collapsing, falling to copper demand after 2021: domestic contributions have increased in volume, and new power sources of electricity have become the main source of power, and China ' s copper demand has continued to grow. From 2013-2023, global refined copper consumption and China ' s refined copper consumption have continued to grow.
China was the world’s largest consumer of copper, accounting for 14.19 million tons of copper as of September 2023, or 55.98%. In terms of the distribution of copper downstream demand, China’s largest consumer of copper was electricity.
Power demand accounts for 45% of total copper demand, followed by domestic electricity, transport, mechanical electronics, etc., with an excellent overview of downstream demand in 2023, leading to good growth in copper demand in all sectors, except for new energy cars, which declined in 2022 at a similar rate. Electricity demand is growing, and new energy is promising.
Rapid growth leads to an overall increase in electricity demand. In 2023, the country invested $527.5 billion (yoy+5%) in electricity grids and $96.75 billion (yoy+30%) in electricity sources, leading to a steady increase in the production of cobalt reserves and a strong demand for electric cars.
Supply side: Cobalt reserves have increased in both directions, and the global cobalt reserves have risen steadily. The global cobalt reserves increased sharply in 2003 and were 2.7 per cent in cagr in 2022. The global cobalt mineral resources are more concentrated and China has less cobalt reserves. The Congo is a cobalt mineral resource distribution.
The largest number of countries, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, accounted for 55 per cent of global cobalt resources in 2022, followed by Australia, which accounted for 21 per cent, and China, which suffered from a scarcity of cobalt resources, which accounted for only 2 per cent. The reserves of cobalt resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Australia increased in 2012-2022, with a decrease in cobalt resources distributed among other countries and a greater concentration of cobalt resources.
The global volume of cobalt-rich minerals is rising, with the Democratic Republic of the Congo as the country with the highest volume of cobalt-rich minerals. From 1994 to 2022, the global volume of cobalt-rich minerals rose from 190,000 tons in 2022, yoy + 15.2 per cent in 2022 to 8.7 per cent in 1994-2022, cagr in 2022 and 130,000 tons (yoy + 9.2 per cent) in 2022, representing the world's cobalt production.
The world's cobalt deposits are distributed mainly in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The four largest deposits of resources are located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which is the largest of the two cobalt-rich giants, the Luoyang molybdenum industry and the Carinas, respectively.
On the demand side: global demand continues to rise, electric cars are the largest end market, global demand for cobalt is rising steadily, and the consumption of cobalt in China as a whole is rising. Cobalt is mainly used in the global market for lithium ion power.
In the area of ponds and industrial production, the high development of the electric car market contributed to a steady increase in global demand for cobalt, which rose by 12.7 per cent in 2022 compared to the same year, from 310,000 tons in 2016-2021 to 55,000 tons in the Chinese market. Figure 28: Global demand for cobalt in 2020-2022 and growth rates
Figure 29: Cobalt consumption (tonnes) on the Chinese market 2020-2021. Cobalt downstream demand is mainly in the area of electric vehicles, with the main increase in cobalt-based electric vehicles in lithium batteries in 2022. Cobalt terminal application structures are mainly electric vehicles, industrial metals, high-temperature alloys, industrial chemicals and other power applications, 2021
Annually, 34%, 14%, 11%, 11%, and 31% respectively. The highest proportion of electric vehicles, the largest market for end-structure demand, and the highest proportion of cobalt in lithium-cell demand downstream, 74% in 2022. The demand for new power electric vehicles has surged, and cobalt-containing batteries are expected to become mainstream products.
There has been a significant increase over the years, with China selling 6.69 million (Yoy+25 per cent) pure electric vehicles in 2023, increasing the demand for cobalt from lithium batteries as a result of the green transition concept, while cobalt-containing batteries are expected to become the dominant product to drive the growth of demand for cobalt.
3.1. High-quality world-class resources, with thick hairs around the core “copper and cobalt” metal, are the world’s leading producers of tungsten, cobalt, americium, molybdenum and important copper, as well as Brazil’s leading producers of phosphorus.
In 2022, the company collected $9.75 billion in copper and cobalt products and sold a unit price of $75,000 per ton. The slowdown was mainly due to the impact of the second half of the export of tfm copper, and the issue of royalties has now been resolved, exports have begun to recover, with a high level of 2023-2024, contributing to the main Māori.
(Yoy+174%) The resource potential of the tfm copper cobalt mine in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, one of the world ' s largest deposits of cobalt-rich copper, with an area of over 1,500 square kilometres and a huge resource potential, accompanied by the introduction of kfm into the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2023;
The tfm adjacent copper cobalt mine is a world-class greenfield project with a wealth of resources, with tfm containing 280 million tons of copper ore reserves, tfm containing 66.5 million tons of copper ore reserves, tfm and kfm copper deposits totalling 98.3 million tons, or 1.1 per cent of global metal volume in 2022, and grade angles according to company 2022, kfm
Copper resources are at 2.91%, tfm at 2.84%, and are at the top of the world ' s major copper deposits. Kfm cobalt resources are at 1.2%, higher than two fine cobalt deposits, Mutanda and Katanga. Looking ahead, we look to the 2024 corporate copper deposits for a larger contribution.
Price uncertainty, copper as a long-term pattern towards a good industrial metal variety, we see the future supply and demand structure of copper primarily as a result of the successful resolution of the issue of t mine equity, and the successful completion of production of two world-class mines, the construction of tfm-m-combined central and eastern zones and the addition of three production lines, with a cumulative total of five production lines, kfm always protected.
With steady high yields, we expect further releases of copper in 2024 with the completion of the tfm mixed mine and the production of kfm, and it is expected that the company ' s share price of the ongoing release will remain high relative to the copper and cobalt price.
3.1.2. Antiphosphorus plate: The global concentration of antiquated mines in Brazil is stable, the price of phosphorus is stable, the phosphorus plate is robust, and the rate of reduction efficiency is increasing. The phosphorus plate collection is more stable, benefiting from the recycling of phosphorus gypsum, wet fine phosphorus concentrate and heavy magnetic tailings waste in 2022, at the same time as +45 to 7.37 billion yuan.
The phosphorus plate company has continued to increase its Māori rate through fee-control management, contract clean-up, and technology management efficiency gains, with a Māori rate of 38% for phosphorous products in 2022, an increase of 9.1% over the same period, which is expected to provide good support for the company’s performance. The phosphorous plate is well sold, and its production of phosphorus continues to be highly innovative.
The annual production of phosphorus plates was 115.17 million tons, an increase of 2 per cent over the previous year, the ratio of production to sales remained above 100 per cent for nearly three years, good sales, and annual production of thorium metal was stable from a production point of view, maintained at 0.90 million tons of water per year in 2018-2023, and production of phosphorous fertilizers increased from 1.02 million tons to 1.17 million tons, a significant increase.
Keeping the momentum good, the monopolistic effects of anti-Brazilian production were evident, with historically low price volatility, with global production of 7.90 million tons in 2022, down 9.82 per cent from the previous year ' s year, with Brazil being the world ' s largest producer, with Brazil ' s production of 71,000 tons in 2022, representing 90 per cent of global production, and a highly monopolized market for anti-mony mines, with Pakistan among them.
West cbmm has almost 80 per cent of the market, while the Luoyang industry and the Canadian company Magrisresources each account for 10 per cent, and prices are not expected to fluctuate at all from a historical point of view.
The tiles have increased significantly through fine management, with a small return on the Māori rate. In 2022, the product collected $697 million (30%) and increased mainly through the export of waste stones, hard-to-select ores, low-mock high iron ore, slag, etc. Economic benefits, 42% in 2022, and improved recovery rates through improved on-site management.
The product volume is more stable, and the ratio of production to sales is fully digested. The overall volume of production and sales is more stable in recent years, ranging from 99% to 108%, with better digestion, with molybdenum, tungsten production in 2023, 1.6% and 0.8 million, respectively.
The low volatility has led to a more stable price of tungsten from the price angle, which stabilized at around $325 per kilogram in 2023, and of molybdenum, which is expected to be maintained next year, or around $500 per kilogram, because downstream, mainly in the steel industry, prices have risen and then dropped, and the steel industry has followed similar trends.
3.2. Reverse expansion of companies translates resource advantage into cost advantage Reverse history, where firms have world-class advantage through reverse acquisition, leading to higher equity prices. From 2013, companies began to acquire overseas resources, with five successive acquisitions: npm copper gold, Brazilian phosphorus, Kong.
The fruit (gold) copper cobalt mine, the world’s third-largest basic metal traders and the kfm copper cobalt mine have expanded their operations worldwide, and in early 2023 the company, in partnership with the Ningde era, acquired the right to develop two salt lakes in Bolivia, began laying lithium metals, and from time to time, the company’s acquisition time was better controlled, with a marked increase in the share price after the acquisition.
In January 2023, the company, together with Ningde, won the right to develop two salt lakes in Bolivia, Yuuni and Oruro. Corporate cost-control action was ahead of schedule, meeting the $3 billion cut-off target.
$365 million by means of logistics costs; $657.3 million by means of optimization processes, renewal of procurement contracts, tax planning, etc.; and 3.3. Continuous R & D inputs by means of tight expenditure controls, tax planning and expansion of value-added procurement, technological innovation to promote efficiency gains
In 2022, the company spent $390 million, or 43%, of its research and development effort, forming a team of powerful R & D technologies. The company took the lead in applying 5g technologies and unmanned technologies to achieve long-range operations, improve job safety and increase production efficiency by more than 40%;
Among the copper gold mines operated in Australia, companies use high-tech natural fall-downs to exploit underground mines at up to 100 per cent of the process, significantly increasing the efficiency of mining and saving the cost of mining; companies have created low-grade companions of the same kind worldwide.
Figure 57: Technological innovation in companies takes the lead in applying 5g technologies and unmanned vehicles, and in the case of the U.S.A.
Advanced technologies for integrated recycling of associated minerals, building the country's first intelligent mine, and making it possible to use tungsten, copper, iron, fluorescent, tungsten from molten tailings, etc.
The world's most automated crash pits apply 5g technology to mine production, allowing for a long-range, unattended recovery of associated resources, and the creation of low-grade companions of the same kind worldwide.
The company operates the npm mine in Australia using advanced distribution, unmanned intelligent dispatch, and a new model of smart driving, crash technology, and its sub-dwelling natural collapse mining technology.
Full-power truck, complete zero emissions, increased safety, production, mining recovery, accompanied by more than 15 efficiency gains of more than 40 per cent per year.
Automation was 100 per cent high, and production technology was creatively breakthroughd in 2022: “A key technology for integrating low-carbon eco-engineering and smart mining of metals in open-air mines.
The first metal-flow deal and the application of domestic companies won the Liaoning province award for scientific and technological progress; "A low-carbon metal mine signed the first metal-flow agreement for domestic mining companies, which received an advance of $550 million.
Optimization-intelligent production-security early warning key technology research” received China's first prize for financing metal streams from Chinese mining companies. The company won the first prize in technology and technology in gold mines, as well as the “Green Technology Innovation Demonstration Enterprise in Henan Province”
3.4. Create a new model of “mine + trade” and achieve synergies and resource integration. Ixm is the third largest metal trader in the world, with good synergies between 80+ countries and corporate operations. The company ' s ixm, acquired in July 2019, is based in Switzerland and is the third largest metal trader in the world, with full trade network coverage.
80+ countries. Ixm deals mainly in copper, zinc, lead, precious metal concentrates and refined copper, zinc, aluminium and nickel, and builds a global logistics and storage system, with products sold mainly to Asia and Europe. Ixm operations cover essentially the mining areas of the public sector, with long-term marketing points for mineral commodities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s tfm and kfm copper mines, and phosphorus in Brazil.
The district has offices and its own/leasing logistics points in the country's mining areas, where “mine + trade” co-operates to create new growth poles of business, becoming the main component of the company's revenue collection. After the acquisition of the business in 2019, the company's total revenue grew to $68.7 billion, compared to yoy + 164.5 per cent in 2018, with 72 per cent of the mining trade plate.
The level of Māori in refined minerals is higher than in refined metals trade, and the overall business is steady and smooth. The mining trade is divided into two segments of refined metal (smelting, chemical products) trade and refined mineral products (mainly concentrates) in 2022.
Trade in metal products generated $10.79 billion, or 73 per cent of the total, and cagr amounted to 44.8 per cent in 2019-2022.
Ixm is now extended to the copper cobalt-cobalt and arithmetic business chain, which combines efforts. Copper, cobalt-based main products, bronze, copper concentrate and cobalt-wetting intermediates are sold to downstream processing plants and smelters via the trade network of ixm.
Combining domestic and offshore distribution networks and increasing profits from the sale of iron and iron products, a combination of mature industrial chain systems and the volume of excellent resources will create stronger barriers to competition.
Core assumptions: by company business, 1) copper and cobalt operations: benefiting from 3 additional production lines and kfm successfully released in 2023 tfm, tfm mines are still incremental in 2024, kfm production is steady and the basic supply and demand side of copper is better.
The copper plate is expected to show a trend of rising prices, and the cobalt business is expected to benefit from cooperation with Ninder, and we expect the cobalt sales to be more stable: the company has a relatively stable volume of production and the subsequent expected increase in the molybdenum mine is expected to be made, and the mining trade: the mining trade plate is expected to be sold on a more stable scale through the ixm platform.
For comparable companies, we have selected the top copper poles of the upstream copper industry, the purple gold mining industry, gold integrity, and the Jiangxi copper industry, compared to an average of 17 per cent in 2023 and 20 per cent in 2023. Based on the company ' s significant increase in the tfm and kfm copper deposits in 2024, the equity gold problem solves the release of future production for the first time.
Geopolitical risks: geopolitical risks impede the production and sale of metal resources, thereby creating marketing risks. Metal prices are less than expected: growing supply of minerals leads to a further increase in demand and supply gaps, or drives metal prices.
Three major financial forecasting tables for the Luoyang industry The East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.