002371. sz.
The net profit of 2022 is more than $500 million. The net profit of 1h22 companies is $5.443 billion (Yoy 50.9 per cent), the net profit of the mother is $755 million (Yoy 143.2 per cent) and the net profit of non-mortality is $645 million (Yoy huhi2@guosen.com.cn).
Mainly as a result of the downstream market demand in the first half of 2022, the company's electronics equipment and electronic components have progressed well, and the cost rate has declined as a result of the recovery-scale effect during the period. 45.1% of the revenue from electronics equipment increased in the first half of the year and 72.5% from electronics devices increased in the first half of the year.
The company's electronics equipment collected 4.100 billion (Yoy45.1 per cent) and its Māori rate of 36.5 per cent (Yoy+1.55 pct.) due mainly to the introduction into the mainstream domestic fab of a number of new products such as integrated circuit carving machines, pvd, cvd, ald, stand-up furnaces, cleaning machines, etc., and the bulk supply of photovoltaic topcon critical equipment in the general semiconductor sector.
52 weeks of maximum/mini/microled equipment entering the main production line, and third generation semiconductor equipment being sold in bulk.
+3.4pc. +3.4pt. +3.4pc. +3.4. +8 billion dollars in non-public distribution to expand production capacity to meet the local crystallization cycle in 2021.
China Rainbow & Large Fund ii completes the China Rainbow No Tin Replenishment; Guangzhou pit announces the third stage of production line construction; China Harbour, IPC, ipo application accepted, proposed to raise $12.5 billion in yuan for the construction of mems and power devices; chip manufacturing and sealing test production base technical modification project, crystal round production project II; crystal integration project
In October 2021, the company raised $8.5 billion in non-public funds to advance the semiconductor equipment industry base expansion project (phase 4) and the high end half-conductor.
The development of critical core equipment for the RDRD project is expected to benefit from the large-scale expansion of home-grown crystal circle production. “Normal China (002371.sz) – a national production of semiconductor equipment,” 2022 II. Investment proposal: a “buy-in” rating for domestic semiconductor equipment is maintained.
"Norwegian Volkswagen (002371.sz) - Commercial import lift of semiconductor equipment, 1022 buttons.
Figure 1: Companies ' annual operating income and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 2: Companies ' quarterly operating income and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 3: Companies ' annual net profit return and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 4: Quarterly parent net profit and year-on-year rate of increase for companies Figure 5: Cost over company period Figure 6: Māori rate for companies, net interest rate
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject