The Uttar Pradesh is home-grown with semiconductor equipment, with profits of over $500 million in the second quarter of 2022.
Huhui2@guosen.com.cn significantly increased mainly as a result of downstream market demand in the first half of 2022, with $7.95 billion (Yoy63.2 per cent) of electronic process equipment generated by the Company Electronics and Equipment Division and 33.0 per cent (Yoy 3.6 per cent) of Maori.
Multiple new products such as integrated circuit etching machines, pvd, cvd, ald, stand-up furnaces, washing machines entered 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices Fab in the national mainstream; bulk supply of photovoltage topcon critical equipment in the general semiconductor field, Mini/micro
Led equipment enters the mainstream production line, and third generation semiconductor equipment is sold in bulk. In 21 years, electronic components collected $1.72 billion (yoy47.2 per cent), Māori 68.9 per cent (yoy+2.8pt), and company-advanced block power sources, stone crystallizers and new products have been expanded successfully, creating competitive advantages for a segmented market;
Many new products, such as high-precision resistance, capacitors, are being imported and the market is becoming more secure. In 2021, a total of $8.5 billion was raised to expand production capacity to meet the local crystal expansion cycle. In recent times, China Rainbow Semiconductor Foundation 11 and others have completed the China Rainbow No Tin Replenishment; and Guangzhou Pyrochia has announced the completion of 4.5 billion people.
Strategic funding for the construction of production lines for the 90-44nm production process in phase II; applications for the central core ICI plate ipo accepted and proposed to raise $12.5 billion in yuan for the construction of mems and the manufacture and encapsulation testing of powerware chips; projects for the technical adaptation of the production base; projects for the manufacture of the second crystal circle; and the registration of the IPO ipo.
In October 2021, the company raised $8.5 billion in non-public funds to advance the semiconductor equipment industry base expansion project (four phases) and the high end half.
The development of the key core equipment, which is expected to benefit from the large-scale expansion of the home-grown crystal circle, is expected to benefit from the development of `North China Ingenuity (002371.sz) - Commercial import lift of semiconductor equipment, 1q22 withholding of non-conductor equipment'.
Investment Recommendations: Nationally produced semiconductor equipment leads to indigenous expansion ... Maintains a “buy-in” rating. 3-quarterly review of North China-002371-2021: high demand for equipment, high performance. 3rd quarter performance forecast of North China-002371-2021: semiconductor equipment
Multipe maintains a “buy-in” rating. Risks, underdevelopment of new products, etc.
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 3: Quarterly net profits of the company and rate of increase in the same year ' s return, Figure 4: Quarterly net profits of the company and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 5: Cost over the company period, Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; logic of analysis is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author