In mid-2022, the performance forecast was: higher levels of profitability, higher levels of income, higher levels of real profitability, higher rates of income growth, higher levels of income, higher levels of income, higher levels of income, higher levels of income, higher levels of income, higher levels of income, higher levels of income, higher levels of income, higher levels of income, higher levels of income, higher levels of income, and higher levels of income.
Mostly because of the strong downstream demand, the company's electronics equipment and electronic components are doing well. In the short term, the semiconductor equipment industry has continued with an additional order of more than $3 billion in January-February 2022, an increase of 60% over the same period. As at the end of 2022q1, the company's inventory and contractual liabilities were $97.1, 5.09 billion, respectively, +63.5%, respectively.
Publicly raised $8.5 billion for projects such as the semiconductor equipment industrial base expansion project (phase 4), which will be effective in alleviating production bottlenecks, further strengthening core competitiveness, and guaranteeing sustained and rapid growth in performance. The acceleration will be a significant leap ahead of revenue, reflecting a marked increase in real corporate profitability, and we assume that on the one hand it is a product.
Structural excellence, with an overall increase in the Māori rate, was accompanied by a certain reduction in the cost rate during the period under the scale effect. Equity incentives sunk to further motivate employees for medium- and long-term development of the company.
By the end of 2021, the number of company technicians stood at 2968, with 26.18% of the incentive coverage and a broader range of incentives. China’s semiconductor industry is growing rapidly, skilled people are important competitive, and this stock incentive coverage is further sunk and can be better stimulated.
Talent, which effectively binds corporate interests and incentivists for medium- to long-term growth. The integrated circuits continue to break through, benefiting long-term crystal-crystal capacity to migrate and replace equipment from home country, as the most well-developed home-grown semiconductor-equipment product, and the company will quickly break through on new multi-product line items.
The company’s product system continues to improve, with the integrated circuit surfaces expanding into multiple areas such as logic, storage, power, advanced encapsulation, etc., with multiple new items such as corrosion machines, pvd, cvd, ald, stand-up furnaces, cleaning machines, etc. entering the mainstream production line. Specifically, the main core-line bulk purchasing company in the logical field has set up a large volume purchase company.
North China (002371); equity incentives; entry of various new process equipment into production line certification in storage; multi-product series layout in advanced containment, medium- and long-term development of the company, valuation base
Partnerships have been established with major domestic containment plants: the power plant area has worked in depth with mainstream domestic manufacturers to become a major supplier of equipment for mainstream industry, and the space for company growth has continued to open rapidly. & & 2022 Quarterly: Keeping high performance
49 times. Given the company's adequacy of hand orders, the valuation remains at the bottom, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.