High performance growth and increased profitability — a report from the North China Corporation (002371.sz) and a semi-annual announcement from North China: the company achieved $5.44 billion in operating revenue in the first half of the year.
Fanym@cfsc.com.cn yen, 50.9 per cent increase in the same year; net profit on maternity is $755 million, which increases the same year. Income and profits continue to increase and profitability increase significantly.
The company achieved operating income of $5.44 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 50.9 per cent in the same year; the effect of the Division ' s size in the second quarter was due to a shift in product structure towards higher Maori semiconductor equipment; a sales cost of 5.7 per cent, a decrease of 0.46 ptt in the same year; and a management cost rate.
The net profit of the mother is $645 million, an increase of 186.8 per cent over the same period; and the net gain of the single quarter of the second quarter.
In the first half of the year, the company’s electronics equipment and electronics operations have continued to grow.
The penetration rate has continued to increase, the pace of import of new products such as etching machines, pvd, cvd, stand-up furnaces, cleaners, ald etc. has been further accelerated, and large-scale marketing of main current production lines in the integrated circuits, third generation semiconductors, power semiconductors and light has been achieved
Voltage equipment is growing rapidly; vacuum heat treatment and magnetic material equipment is on the market at $1 billion, 45.1 per cent, Māori 36.5 per cent, 1.55 pct, and in electronic components, sales of new products of the company have continued to grow, up from the first half of the year.
The current revenue is $1.33 billion, an increase of 72.5 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate of 76.7 per cent over the same period.
An increase of $8.5 billion per year is proposed for the expansion of integrated circuit equipment, new semiconductor equipment, led equipment, photovoltaic equipment 500/500/300,700 units. Given the company’s full product line, the number of customer certifications is increasing, and process penetration rates continue to be raised
The market demand for semiconductors is not as high as expected: lower-than-expected capacity expansion for downstream crystal round manufacturing; the risk of spare parts shortages; and less advanced development of new equipment.
The Mechanical Unit presents the experience of the automated industry, seven years of research experience in the mechanical industry, and is now mainly responsible for the research of listed companies in the mechanical industry.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.