On July 11, 2022, North China launched the mid-2022 report, which the company expects to harvest in the first half of 2022.
\triangleright continued the q1 upward trend (with a 50.04 per cent increase in the same year q1 in 2022), while the profit end was more likely to benefit mainly from the continued good demand in the downstream semiconductor and widget markets, both of which were fast-tracked by the company's two lines of operation.
The equipment class is well under way and the industry's leader is well established. The company, as the most complete semiconductor of the domestic product line, set up \triangleright, re-emerged in 2021, with an etching machine, pvd, cvd, ald, stubble furnaces, scrubbers.
Many new products enter the mainstream domestic production line. Logically, mainstream chip lines buy bulk company equipment; storage areas with a variety of new process equipment entering production line certification; advanced containment areas with multi-product series layouts, with North China (002371), 2021 & 2022
Quarterly reviews: Quarterly reports meet expectations, equipment specifications are in place, major containment plants are in a cooperative relationship and industry is in a strong position.
In the area of panconductors, new energy sources, semiconductor lighting, third generation semiconductor equipment are continuously producing. 2. Pre-performance updates for the North (002371.sz), bulk supply markets for photovoltaic topcon critical process equipment, Mini/microled process.
Re: 2021q4 revenue is over-expected, the climate continues to increase, it is ready to enter the mainstream production line, and the third generation semiconductor equipment is sold in bulk, forming a cross-cutting equipment platform. Downstream expansion is moving steadily, and the Chinese-titled equipment is being nationalized.
\triangleright continues, and iinsights expect capital spending in the semiconductor sector to increase by 24% in 2022, to an all-time high of $19.4 billion, with double-digit growth for the third consecutive year. On the domestic front, we track a number of crystallines.
There has been a steady increase in production and a significant increase in the rate of national production. According to open tender information from the Internet, in 2022, in January-May 2022, a total of 604 transistors were invited to bid for equipment, and in China, 198 were awarded for equipment, an increase of 87% over the same period.
We're still optimistic about the continued growth of capital spending on the country's crystal-crystal plant, and a number of large-scale crystallines, such as long-storage phase II and mid-core ports, are now in the process of bidding for the project, which is expected to land in 2023, while the Chinese company is still expected to lead the country's semi-conductor equipment.
Beneficiary semiconductor nationalization process. \triangleright bit, broad product lines are expected to enable them to fully enjoy downstream expansion and national production dividends and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.