Innovative Technologies and Business Services Research Centre
1. High Profits Growth, Sustained Profits Production - 4. Sustained Overperformance, which allows for accelerated expansion
Real corporate profits are gradually emerging, with a 15 per cent deduction of non-net profits from q2 and a rapid increase in profitability.5 " Profitability has increased significantly, with a 16.9 per cent return net interest rate for companies q2 in beneficiary countries of depth, and a 14.9 per cent deduction net interest rate (both median). "
The net profit rate for semiconductor equipment (including integrated circuit equipment, led/Panel, advanced envelopes and three-and-a-half generations of equipment) in 2021 was 8.1 per cent, with revenue of 74 per cent and net profit of 48 per cent; the net interest rate for real empty and lithium electric equipment in other categories was 7.1 per cent and the net interest rate for electronic parts was 34.9 per cent with the company collection.
With the rapid increase in the size of the main circuit equipment harvest, the effect of the scale is evident, with net interest rates of 8.8% for the 2021q2 quarter and 14.9% for the 22q2 quarter, an increase of 8.1 pct over the same period. In terms of high industry climates and national product turnover, integrated circuit equipment and electronic components are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
With regard to equipment, i.e., capital spending on domestic crystal-crystal mills has continued to rise, with Semi projecting an 18 per cent increase in global semiconductor equipment sales in 22 years, we measure a contraction in 22 years, but an increase in the domestic production of semiconductor equipment in the larger context of trade friction between China and the United States.
In the second half of the year, we believe that the relevant production lines or further breakthroughs will lead to a significant catalytic build-up of the equipment plate. In 2022, the company’s sophisticated electronic components business was driven by the demand for sophisticated downstream applications and is expected to continue to grow.
In response to the need for minilared demand, there has been a recovery in the production capacity of the led industry, which has led to an increase in the volume of company-led equipment. New energy vehicles, new energy photovoltaics, consumer electronics, etc.
The demand for gan devices is growing rapidly, the country’s third generation of semiconductor line investments are warming, and the company’s third generation of semiconductor equipment is growing faster. The new industry shows a slow expansion of the tft-lcd, and oled panels, and demand for new equipment is slowing down.
Technology breakthroughs have fallen short of expectations, downstream expansion and productivity climbs, and trade risks have increased in Central America. An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market has resulted in an average of the final rating, which has been calculated as the average market investment.