H1 growth was strong and the equipment boom was steady, and the performance was consistent with the previous guidelines and increased profitability.
The dollar, equal to +143.2%, is at the heart of the previous guidance. q2-quarters, on a quarterly basis, have achieved a 3.2-46.4% increase in the company ' s Māori ratio in the first half of the year, and a 7.0-percent increase in the ring; the Māori ratio in the company ' s operations has increased in all sectors, and the high Māori electronic component business has grown rapidly, with a proportional increase.
The emulator effect highlights that the cost rate (excluding R & D) has fallen by 3.0 pct over the same period, and the net interest rate has been raised to X semiconductor equipment & electronics.
From the revenue from the split business of companies, the total revenue from the 2022h1 company electronics equipment was $4.10 billion, or 75.3 per cent, at a combined gross interest rate of 36.5 per cent. Of this amount, the semiconductor equipment business earned $3.871 billion, or 55.1 per cent, compared with 55.1 per cent.
RMB, +72.5%, with a higher Māori rate of about 76.7%.
In the broader context of national production, the expansion of domestic crystallized mills has continued unabated, with companies increasing their R & D investment, with R & D costs of $821 million in the first half of 2022, the highest in the industry, with R & D costs of 15.1% and higher than industry averages.
The company released the ccp medium etching machine in August to achieve full coverage of the corrosion process, and has been certified and produced by five customers, and new products such as pvd/cvd/ald, stand-up furnaces, detergents, etc. have been imported with speed and have been sold in large quantities, and the 8 inch sic long crystals have been developed and developed.
A large platform-type plant.
The company ' s 2019 high-end integrated circuit equipment project was fully delivered in 22h1, and the high-precision electronic component extension project has reached its planned capacity. In 2021, the semiconductor equipment industry has expanded its production base (phase IV) and the high-precision electronic component (phase III) has been fully operational.
Corporate 2022h1 introduced a new phase of equity incentives, giving core technical talent and management cadres the ability to grow at a rate no lower than the average arithmetic growth rate of the top five semiconductor equipment manufacturers worldwide, demonstrating the firm's confidence in its own steady growth.
The company, as the backbone of the domestic semiconductor equipment, has a comprehensive product layout, a semiconductor equipment “supermarket” is built, and has long worked with downstream crystal mills to see that the company’s project is operational and that the semiconductor equipment continues to be released. For the last three years, it is projected to be relatively low, with a configuration value, and we maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating.
The risk of the semiconductor industry entering the downward cycle; the underdevelopment of high-end equipment; and the expansion of domain taps and increased competition in the market, were rated as follows:
Chief: Sixteen years of work in the electronics and communications industry, in China, Ali Baba, Motorola, and Fauscan, many international branding terminals, working in research and development, engineering, supply chain procurement, etc., have served in China as Director General of the Procurement of Terminal Semiconductor Chips, Director of Supply Chains at Ali Baba A. Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor and hard technology; two, smart cars and robots; and three, new sources of energy.
This report is not intended to be sent, or to be available, or to be used for any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which SAC and its associated companies have violated local laws or regulations or made SAC securities subject to laws or regulations. The copyright of the material in this report is a SAC security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report shall not be made available to any other person by any means, or by means of a copy of the material, contents or copies thereof; they shall not be made available to you for reference purposes other than as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or an invitation to another person.