High performance, deep-beneficiary market exposure — semi-annual review of North China (002371), 2022
Shenzhen: Fukuda Fukuwa, Fukuoka 6th floor, 32nd floor, 518,000 yuan in net profits to the parent company, an increase of 143.16 per cent, and a point of belonging after deducting non-recurring gains and losses. The company’s electronic engineering equipment and electronic components business continued to develop well in the first half of the year.
The growing demand for computing, additional photovoltaics, etc., and higher requirements for the supply of power devices, integrated circuits, sic/gans have led to an increase in the demand for company-related semiconductor manufacturing equipment and photovoltaic equipment. In addition, the company’s vacuum thermal processing equipment, magnetic material equipment, and electronic components have developed faster.
In the first half of the year, R & D costs amounted to $822 million, an increase of 30.93 per cent. After years of accumulation of R & D, the company is gradually making progress.
Pvd, cvd, ald, stable supply of products such as etching machines, oxidizers/dispersal furnaces, furnaces, washing machines, etc., cover most of the equipment needed in semiconductor manufacturing processes and are competitive in the domestic market at large. While downstream manufacturers have varying degrees of consideration for the replacement of offshore imported equipment, companies are producing at the national level with a strong accumulation of customer resources and industry status.
At the same time, the continued growth in overall demand in semiconductor markets also provides sufficient motivation for downstream manufacturers to increase their procurement readiness, and companies are expected to benefit from deep market exposures. Corporate performance data are higher than we had previously expected, and we have made a certain upward adjustment to the company’s profit forecast.
US technology competition is significant, and growing demand in the semiconductor market as a whole provides sufficient motivation for firms to develop their equipment-related business, looking at their medium- and long-term growth prospects. The semi-annual strategy of the electronics sector [Techuan Finance Research]: search for certainty of scarcity in volatility (20220711)
In-depth semiconductor equipment industry report: national production substitution is a central theme, and performance growth is an economic dividend (2020418)
The government-funded securities firm, the country’s first professional securities firm to be made by a financial intermediary, has grown from more than 30 years of change to China’s China Electric Group Capital Holdings Ltd.