Mid-2022: Six-month performance has improved significantly, and orders are sufficient to sustain continued high performance.
+51 per cent; net return to the mother is 755 million yuan, i.e. +143 per cent of the year.  semiconductor equipment + electronic components are released in full and revenue ends continue to grow at a high rate + 544 million yuan, i.e., + 51 per cent of the year ' s performance forecast.
q2 of which generated operating income of $3.308 billion, or +51 per cent. Sub-operations: 1) Pull, the process coverage and client penetration rate of the company semiconductor equipment products have continued to increase, and the import tempo of new equipment products such as etching machines, pvd, cvd, stand-up furnaces, scrubbers, ald etc. have been increased.
Quick, large-scale sales of mainstream production lines in the integrated circuit area; 2022h1 electronic process equipment collection; and, in 2021, a private company raised $8.5 billion for projects such as semiconductor equipment expansion, which will reduce production bottlenecks and guarantee continued rapid growth in performance.
▪ A significant increase in profitability is driven by product structure optimization & scale effects. The net profits of 2022h1 from parent and non-motherhood are $755 million and $645 million, respectively, +3.37 pct. The increase in the Māori ratio of electronics equipment, which we judge to be mainly semiconductor equipment.
(ii) Cost ends: 2022h1 Report performance forecast: higher profitability
"North China" (002371: Equity Incentives to build integrated circuits for sustained breakthroughs, long-term benefits from crystal-crylic capacity to move equipment from home to home, medium- and long-term development of good companies, valuation of the bottom.
The company, as the best-lined company for its own semiconductor equipment products, has made rapid breakthroughs in the new multi-product line, which will continue to benefit from the trend of shifting crystal-crylic capacity to the east and substituting equipment. The company’s product system continues to improve, with integrated circuit equipment expanding in a variety of fields, such as logic, storage, power, advanced containment, etc.
Multiple new items such as corrosion machines, pvd, cvd, ald, stand-up furnaces, washing machines, etc. Enter the mainstream production line. Physically, in the logical field, bulk purchase of corporate equipment by mainstream chip lines; in the storage area, various new types of industrial equipment enter the production line for certification; in the advanced containment area, multi-product series with the main domestic seals.
Co-operative relationships have been established between the plants; the power plant area has worked in depth with mainstream domestic manufacturers to become a major supplier of equipment for the mainstream industry, and the business growth space continues to open rapidly.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we maintain business income projections for the company for 2022-2024, respectively
Given the company’s adequacy of hand orders, the valuation remains at the bottom, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Three major financial forecasting tables for North Huatsu have been approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC) by Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd.