A steady increase in the rate of growth in revenue, the quality of assets and the provision for leading partners The three-quarter net interest spread of the Bank has been growing faster than the rise in net interest income, with net profit and growth rising at a steady rate.
In terms of asset quality, the firm ' s negative rate ring rises, the negative determinations are looser, the net interest rate coverage increases faster, and the net interest differentials continue to rise. The net profit of the banks increased by 6.07 per cent over the previous three quarters, and the net profit before the provision increased by 10.8 per cent over the previous three quarters by 8.93 per cent over the same quarter.
As a result of the new accounting standards, net interest income decreased by 14.5 per cent in the first three quarters of the year and 0.03 per cent in the same three quarters of the same year, and the negative impact of increased regulation on fee growth is gradually diminishing. We measure the rate of return on interest-bearing assets of the Bank for the third quarter, which continues to grow by two quarters.
Upgraded by 12bp to 4.23 per cent; three-quarter interest-paying liability cost ratio of the debtor company was equal to the two-quarter period, asset-end restructuring was negative in scale and peer-to-work liabilities were under adjustment pressure. The three-quarter equity equity ratio was 1.57 per cent lower, mainly as a result of the company ' s active pressure on portfolio-type asset matching.
In terms of lending, loans fell by 2.4 percentage points over the previous two quarters, owing to the fact that corporate credit was more prudent in terms of the downside of the economy, and the fact that corporate growth was constrained by capital. At the end of the debt, the bank also contracted, and the savings grew at the end of the three seasons.
This represents an increase of 0.19 per cent, a decrease of 6 per cent in the peer liability ring, and a continued pressure on the asset quality of the joint liability plus the share of the joint liability in the total liability, with a small decline in the provision coverage. The negative end of the three seasons rate of 1.75 per cent and the rise of the ring to 3bp, which is still high in the community.
As a result of the downside of the economy, the quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations and financial regulation exceeded expectations.
In the first three quarters of the year, the net profit of Min Seok Bank increased by 6.07 per cent over the same period, by 0.7 percentage points over the first half of the year, and by 10.8 per cent over the same period before the provision.
In the first three quarters of the year, the rate of increase was 8.93 per cent and 2.18 percentage points higher than in the first half of the year. As a result of the new accounting standards, net interest income fell by 14.5 per cent in the previous three quarters, and the rate of increase was 13.1 per cent after the reduction (vs first half of the year, +13.2 per cent, yoy). Charges decreased by 0.03 per cent in the first three quarters of the year and by less than 1 per cent in two consecutive quarters, and the negative impact of increased regulation on fee growth was gradually reduced.
We measure the rate of return on interest-bearing assets of the Bank for the three quarters, which continues to grow by two quarters and continues to rise by 12 bp to 4.23 per cent;
At the end of the three-quarter period, the growth in the size of the private sector bank continued to slow, with the total asset size declining by 1.57 per cent by the end of the three-quarter period, mainly with the downside of market profitability, the firm ' s proactive downward pressure on the equity portfolio asset ratios, which are relatively low returns, and the equity investment portfolio, which drops by 6 per cent, at total capital.
A 2.4 percentage point decline over the second quarter, and we believe that the slowdown in credit growth is partly due to a more prudent approach to credit delivery as domestic macroeconomic downward pressure increases in the third quarter, the deteriorating operating environment for micro-, small- and micro-enterprises, and pressure on the quality of private bank assets for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and private enterprises as their main clients; and a growth in the corporate core asset adequacy rate of 8.77 per cent as of the end of the third quarter.
At the end of the debt, the bank also contracted, the deposits grew by 0.19% at the end of the three seasons, and the quality of the asset remained at the same time, with a small decline in the provision coverage. The bank increased by 1.75% at the end of the three seasons, and the ring increased by 3bp, with a high rate of disadvantage among its peers.
At the end of the three quarters, the company ' s provision was 161.7%, affected by an increase in the negative rate, and the ring was down 1.06 percentage points. Given the company ' s overall asset quality situation, the provision coverage rate was reduced by 1.06 percentage points.
The three-quarter net interest margin increase led to a faster growth in net interest income. The net profit and revenue growth rate increased steadily. The firm pushed down the size of portfolio-type assets, credit delivery slowed down, asset size decreased by 1.57 per cent, end-of-debt deposits increased by 1.57 per cent, and peer-to-peer liabilities continued to be under adjustment pressure.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the performance of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy is expected to go below expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Economic uncertainty requires close attention to the dynamics of the economy. 2 Financial regulation is highly predictable. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, full coverage of banking and off-the-shelf operations has been achieved, industry growth has slowed, and the “deleveraging” process has accelerated.
Increased regulatory effectiveness, and various regulatory rules documents are expected to accelerate their arrival. If tight regulations are over-intended, the industry’s business development may be limited, thus affecting the net profit growth rate.3 The Chinese-American trade war has further escalated.