Strong recommendation (maintenance) Performance meets expectations, wealth management elasticity - fast-track rating of Eastern securities (600958.sh) performance
JUNG Xingyi Wen Ruiwei, quarterly operating income of $6.702 billion, quarterly ring ratio + 41.68 per cent, year-on-year + 21 per cent; company performance list
Quarterly net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amount to RMB 1,008 million, and the quarterly round ratio is 25.6%, compared to 4%. Broad wealth management operations have significant advantages and are expected to benefit fully from market warming.
By the end of 2022, the size of the market non-capital management was equal to -4%. The size of the non-capital management of the remittance and enrichment fund was $51,52.2 billion, compared with 15.7% at the beginning of the year.
Wealth management: Corporate surrogates have been growing steadily, and as of 2022q4, the company ' s non-capital holdings stood at $40.9 billion, equity fund holdings at $39.7 billion, which is in the forefront of the industry, creating a branding effect. In 2023, corporate wealth management operations are expected to be in the city.
Eastern securities (600958.sh): A better development after a “profit-making effect” from the investment and field. Eastern securities (600958.sh): impairment drags.
According to statistics, the total amount of corporate bonds paid in 2022 amounted to $33.6 billion, ranking eighth in the industry. These cities have experienced a decline in their performance, still looking at long-term wealth management advantages.
The Department’s equity business will rely on the majority shareholders’ resources in the energy sector to open up new energy sources, new materials, etc. With the full-scale registration system in place, it is expected that the company’s investment portfolio will continue to grow and generate revenue.
The company completed its share in 2022, with risk indicators much higher than regulatory warning, short-term refinancing pressure more than expected, credit risk or largely cleared. As the market warms back, the company performs well.
We believe that companies have a competitive and differentiated advantage in wealth management and asset management, and that there is still a marked growth in long-term performance in the context of the general trend towards the transfer of asset allocation among the population.
Against the backdrop of a warmer market and a low base, companies are expected to show greater profitability. Stock-based trading activity has declined, public fund markets have been depressed, epidemics have been repeated, and economic downturns have been more than expected.