Resource and Environmental Research Center Growth Speed, Concerned about the additional costs of the Satellite Agency
15.4 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $4.23 billion, or 14.9 per cent; q4, or 2.4 billion, representing an increase of only 1.4 per cent in the planned flights at Pudong Airport, kept the company's volume of 2018q4, a low increase in volume. q4, aircraft flown 127,000, or 0.6 per cent, on a single-season basis, with a flat link to q3, passengers
18.13 million throughputs, a 3.6 per cent increase, a 5.5 per cent decline in ring q3 and a one-quarter increase in aviation revenue by the Macroeconomics Division q4.
A continuation of the regulatory policy to regulate the volume adjustment structure, which is expected to remain low at a time when warming will have to wait until the satellite hall and the new airport in Beijing become operational in the second half of 2019, contributing to the increase.
The growth in corporate q4 seasons is significantly higher than the increase in flows, which we believe is driven mainly by tax-exempt income. While the expected increase has fallen after a high increase of more than 30% in the previous period, the increase in commercial rental revenues is significant, and the tax-free new agreement will increase profitability: the company q4 seasons run at the same cost.
4. " Flow growth slowed, business entry performance increased by 26.0 per cent, and the Māori rate decreased by 3.6 pct over the year, either as a result of the rapid increase in labour costs and operating costs of q4 " . The new tax-free agreement was fully implemented in 2019, with a floor sales clause in the agreement and a surplus.
After a high performance in 2017, performance returned to normal, and we believe that the Shanghai airport area and international passenger excellence provide excellent asset quality, and that there is still room for growth in the medium term, with significant investment value.
In the second half of the year after the launch of the satellite hall, the business model will be closer to the air commerce city, and tax-free operations will continue to grow at a high rate. After the additional costs of the satellite hall are absorbed, the net profit is expected to reach 8 billion dollars. We predict the company.
New satellite office costs are higher than expected, new tax-free agreements are lower than expected, and the impact of sudden-onset events are higher.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment