The Shanghai airport published its annual report for 2018, which achieved operating income of $9.3 billion, an increase of 16 per cent, a net return of $4.2 billion, an increase of 15 per cent, for every 10 shares.
The growth of tax-free operations has been strong and has led to a high rate of growth in non-air company non-air business Aerial revenue: the company ' s 18-year aircraft landings and landings have increased by 1.6 per cent over the same period, as a result of the Civil Aviation Authority ' s volume control policy, but the company ' s aviation revenue of $3.97 billion has increased by 6.6 per cent as a result of an optimal passenger structure and an increase in the number of international passengers.
Non-air revenue: the company ' s non-air revenue grew by 23 to 5.3 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, rising its share of revenue by about 4 pct to 57.4 per cent, of which commercial catering revenue contributed $3.99 billion, a 33 per cent increase in the same year, to non-air operations.
The main driver is expected to be the significant increase in airport duty-free operations, compared with only 0.9 per cent in other non-air operations. Cost end: operating costs are growing faster and cost rates are falling down. Companies generate operating costs of $4.5 billion over 18 years, an 11 per cent increase over the same period.
Driven by the growth in operating costs, as a result of the company’s 18-year bidding for commercial retail resources at the Satellite Office, and the increase in maintenance costs, it is considered that the company expects to pay the Consortium for leased assets and space in 19 years, with 10-year bonds expiring in the same year as the increase, with no reduction in the current year; the cost of sales continues to remain stable.
The shares' investment earnings have declined \triangleright, the joint venture is dominated by Deguar (51 per cent shareholding) and the oil company (40 per cent direct shareholding).
De Gaulle net profits grew by 16% over the year, but oil companies that contributed more to investment returns fell by 1% over 18 years, eventually leading to a decline in investment returns. By looking at the life cycle patterns of other airports in the past, we expect the launch of satellite halls to be the starting point for a new round of growth in corporate performance in the second half of the year: (1) tax-free bidding
After re-signing, a significant increase in the rate of deductions and the increase in passenger flow is expected to result in a significant increase in the company’s non-aerial revenue: (2) re-discovery of white clouds, competitive bidding for advertising at Hangzhou airport, where we believe advertising agents will continue to compete heavily for advertising resources, and the airport, as a resource party, will be the largest beneficiary. With the launch of the satellite hall in the second half of the year, the value of advertising at Shanghai airport is expected to be revalued.
32x), Shenzhen Airport (23x), first covered, with a “recommended” rating. Tax-free sales increased less than expected; changes in the tax-exempt policies of domestic stores; and significant operating costs.
After Dr. Ihwan, Research Assistant in Social Services and Transport of Civil Securities, and Master of Finance, University of Honji, have been engaged in social service research in the Seaton Securities, and airline companies in equity investment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.