I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I can't tell you why I'm here.
Monthly sales grew at a higher rate than in the same period in 19 years. \triangleright sales were 4,345 and 4,597 respectively, representing an increase of 45.08 per cent and 29.35 per cent, respectively, compared with the previous month.
With the introduction of the new crown vaccine, and a marked improvement in the country’s epidemic prevention and control situation, domestic tourism passenger and public mobility needs have recovered, the overall demand for bus purchases has recovered, and the Department, as the leader of the country’s large and medium passenger vehicles, has been able to repair the sale of passenger vehicles.
Market data: As of 3 June 2021, the cumulative volume of production and sales continued to increase on a year-on-year basis. However, the volume of production and sale of the company’s passenger vehicles during the month was 2019 branch-size: monthly sales of only large passenger vehicles fell on a year-on-year basis, and aggregate sales increased on a year-on-year basis.
Vehicles, 661, which grew by 23.49 per cent, 71.46 per cent and 38.87 per cent, respectively, respectively. The cumulative output of 5778 corporate buses decreased on a year-on-year basis, while the output of medium-sized buses and light passenger vehicles increased significantly on a year-on-year basis and the cumulative production and sale of large, medium- and light passenger vehicles increased to varying degrees.
At the industry level, it is suggested that the overall improvement in the prevention and control of the epidemic, combined with an increase in urbanization, is likely to lead to the release of bus demand.
The lead, with a rich bus system, a well-developed product chain and an active push for overseas operations, a sustained deployment of passenger vehicles in key technical areas, and a steady improvement in the product structure and profitability of the company, is expected to be supported.
7th floor of the Interstate Center, Sanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
There are risks: significant changes in industrial policy: high-end products have not advanced as expected: overseas operations have not advanced as expected; the overseas epidemic continues to spread; downside pressures on the bus market have increased.
The spread of the new crown vaccine and the significant improvement in the control of the epidemic in the country, the recovery of domestic tourist passenger and public travel needs, the recovery of overall bus purchases, and the repair of the company as the leader of the country’s large- and medium-sized passenger vehicle production and the sale of passenger vehicles. The volume of cumulative production has increased on a year-on-year basis, but there is still a gap with the same period in 2019. In January-May 2021, the company’s aggregate volume was 14709, respectively.
2. Sub-carrying pattern: monthly sales of only large passenger vehicles have decreased in the same year, and the cumulative sales of only large passenger vehicles have increased in the same year, while the cumulative sales have increased in the same year. Production shows that the production of large, medium passenger and light passenger vehicles was 1635, 2049 and 661, respectively, for the current month, representing an increase of 23.49 per cent, 71.46 per cent and 38.87 per cent, respectively, respectively.
At the industry level, the overall improvement in the prevention and control of the epidemic and the build-up of urbanization are expected to boost the demand for passenger vehicles.
(b) High-end products are not as advanced as expected;
3) Overseas operations have not advanced as expected; 4) the overseas epidemic continues to spread; 5) the downside pressure on the bus market has increased.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.