Helmstone released its semi-annual financial report on August 15, 2022, the first half of 2022.
Annual operating income of $11,155 million, an increase of 13.94 per cent over 2021, and net profit margins for mothers, leading to price differentials close to the bottom of the 2020 outbreak. Under the profit scenario between the price increases at the end of the raw material chain, helium petrochemicals achieved a net return of $8,027 million in 2022.
2. Stock is past, incrementally activates the future! - New materials and deep-processed projects continue to advance, and industrial chain layout is improved.
On top of this, the company optimizes the product structure, improves its product quality, and boosts production and marketing linkages by continuously stretching the chain, filling the chain, and strengthening the chain.
The construction of construction projects in progress, such as the Ton/Year Functional Polyester Project, the 300,000 tonnes/year new materials package for the didiphosphate industry, and the 1.6 billion lithium electrolysis project, guarantee the success of the project and provide sustainable high quality to the company.
1. The risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices; 2. The epidemic repeatedly disrupts the rhythm of end-to-end sales and transport; and 3.
4. Geopolitical risks; 5. Project construction is not as advanced as expected; 6. United States dollar exchange rates are highly volatile; 7. Other force majeure impacts
On August 14, 2022, helium petrochemicals released a semi-annual financial report, which achieved business income of $11,155 million in the first half of 2022, an increase of 13.94 per cent over 2021 and a net return to the mother.
In the second quarter of 2022, raw-material coal prices continued their upward trend and crude-oil prices remained high; the reference company disclosed semi-annual operating data, with prices for coal/oil/px purchased in January-June 2022 at 37.9 per cent, respectively, and price increases for weighted sales of end-products were lower than those for raw materials, leading to price differentials close to 2020.
At the bottom of the epidemic year. But in a profit scenario where price increases at the end of the raw material chain are compressed, the constant strength of petrochemical q2 achieved a net return to the mother of $8,027 million in 2022, a slight decrease of 7.13% from 2021, with companies continuing to validate the low profitability of the integration pole.
Stock returns also boost profits. Chart 2: The Helium petrochemical industry chain planning, 2 new materials and deep-processed projects continue to advance to improve the industry chain layout.
The company continues to build new materials, new energy industry priorities, and has initiated 1.6 million tonnes/year high energy resins and new materials projects. According to the company announcement, the project will be completed in the second quarter of 2023, with 2.6 million tonnes/year of functional polyester engineering support projects also under way, with an expected construction phase.
Billion dollars. Project Bdo II and the Ammonium Project are also progressing steadily, with a total investment of $2.31 billion in 2023 in the construction of new materials packages for the Hemodynamic Industries, the core product of which is 300,000 tons per year of self-dipic acid production, which will further connect the company from crude oil-pta, adipic acid-pbat.
Dismantling of the new material whole-of-industry chain, the new material package project, which takes full advantage of the raw material resources provided upstream, further adds to and optimizes the material supply structure of the “big chemical” platform, increases the value and value added of the company's products, and further improves the corporate whole-of-industry business system. This project also marks the movement of listed companies towards refining,
A substantial and significant step forward has been taken in the development of the deep processing of the new materials industry by the down-stream fine-chemists. The company has continued to promote the three phase of the 1.6 million tonnes/year new materials fine-chemistry project, which totals nearly $15.6 billion and is expected to be completed by 2025.
High-end chemical products such as tonnes/year, epoxypropanes (270,000 tonnes/year), styrene (0.6 million tonnes/year), abs (0.30 million tonnes/year), acrylonitrile (260,000 tonnes/year), making full use of the advantages of refined raw materials to extend the industrial chain, increasing product utilization and production of high value added chemical products, and providing performance growth in 2025 and beyond,
1. The risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices: there is a strong correlation between the price of refined industrial chain products and crude oil prices, and large single-way fluctuations in oil prices will have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability;
2. The epidemic repeatedly disrupts the sale and transport of end products: the epidemic repeats and spills or disrupts the sale of end products 3. The serious demand for end products deteriorates: most of the chemicals integrated by companies are intermediate products subject to the over-anticipated changes in supply and demand relationships in the production chain.
4. Geopolitical risk: the end end of raw materials includes, but is not limited to, disruptions in the supply of crude oil caused by an emergency, or significant increases in the supply of crude oil caused by an emergency, including but not limited to, the Chinese-American trade war.
5. Project construction has not progressed as expected: more than one project is under construction, such as the construction of the project is not proceeding as expected, or it has an impact on profit projections;
6. Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: while crude oil purchases are made in United States dollars, revenue-end settlements are dominated by the renminbi, daily operations require purchases of the dollar, sales of the renminbi, settlement, significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar or a negative impact on the performance of the company;
7. Other force majeure effects; Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on average and built as average market investment