2202 Performance under pressure, looking at the company's second growth curve Events: On the evening of 15 August 2022, Helium petrochemicals issued an interim report for 2022. 2022 Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh)
Net cash flow from operating activities in the fourth quarter of 2021 was negative; the basic share per share was \triangleright, Research Assistant for the Hoyo culture petrochemical industry
Helium petrochemicals (600346): “The price of refining + new raw materials continues to be high, the price of company products rises significantly, and the harvest rises significantly. But the materials, the top-down, the top-down, the poles of consolidation”
Due to the slowdown in the growth of the downstream sectors of domestic real estate, textiles, construction materials, etc., high costs and insufficient demand, the pressure on enterprises to run a production business has increased significantly, and the net profits of companies have declined in both the same and the ring ratios.
In terms of price differentials: at the end of the raw materials, 2022q2, the average price of Brent crude oil was disclosed at $111.98 per year, increased efforts were made to contract new materials.
Industrial Platforms, New Materials Fields. Helium petrochemicals (600346): 21 years of profit, based on the Great Chemical Platform, investing in the Second Growth Curve: Companies actively promoting major business plates
Stereochemicals (600346): Synergic development of 22q1 performance, with a strong up/downstream expansion of high-end production capacity synchronized. 20 million tonnes/year of constant strength, steady growth of new projects.
The chemical integration project, the 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene project, has been fully operational, bringing about a strategic breakthrough in the company’s critical production chain. At the same time, the company’s 5 million tons/year modern coal-processing plant and 11.6 million tons/year pta device have been set up and have greatly enhanced the company’s elasticity and coherence.
The export of the finished oil is subject to the application of cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Under the weight policy, the harvest rate of the 20 million tons of oil produced by the Great Lt. Helium-Strength/Year Great Refinery project is low, building No. 1 of the 9th House of Gospel Street, in Beijing City West Side, while constant effort is based on the chemicals produced by the Great Refinery Project, and the value added is high downstream.
Chemical New Materials Industrial Chain. The company has 240,000 tonnes/year pbt engineering plastic production capacity, 385,000 tonnes per year, 800,000 tonnes of functional polyester film/functional plastics project (including 470,000 tonnes of high end functional polyester film, 100,000 tonnes of special functional film, 150,000 tonnes of modified pbt, 80,000 tonnes per year).
The project will be completed with a new 1.5 million tonnes/year green multifunctional textile material project, 300,000 tonnes/year adipic acid new materials package project, 1.6 million tonnes/year high performance resins and new materials project, and 2.6 million tonnes/year high performance polyester project.
Wet-law lithium from Chiura Mechanics Association of Japan and Qingshima New Materials Co. Ltd. Battery diaphragm production lines totalling 12, with an annual capacity of 1.6 billion square metres, are expected to continue in 2023. Rapid expansion is taking place by further broadening the company’s layout of the market for new energy materials for downstream chemical industries.
High-end differences in the production of new materials for consumption, adaptation of the production of degradable plastics to the current goal of "doubt carbon" and constant supply of market incremental demand and diversified coverage of the industrial chain. Double carbon policy is advancing, with the trend towards "reducing oil": since September 2021.
\triangleright Central China and the State Council issued their Opinions on the Complete and Accurate Implementation of New Development Concepts for Carbon Separatization and Work, and the State Council issued their Opinions on Carbon Spilling Actions until 2030.
Notification of the National Development Reform Commission (NDRC) to issue Certain Opinions on Strict Energy Efficiency Constraints to Promote Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction in Priority Areas and the Action Programme on Energy Efficiency to Promote Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction in Focused Industries of the Chemical Industry (2021-2025)
Carbon peaks, additional refining capacity is strictly controlled, and by 2025 the country’s primary processing capacity will have been contained at less than 1 billion tons, and the capacity utilization of major products will have risen to more than 80%. In December 2021, the Central Economic Conference noted that new renewable energy sources and raw materials could not be included in total energy consumption controls.
They believe that, in a supply-side development-restricted environment, there is limited scope for significant additional refining energy. On the other hand, in accordance with the 14th Five-Year Guidelines for the petrochemical industry from the Petroleum and Chemical Industry Planning Institute, China will continue to promote the “reducement” of oil refineries during the 14th Five-Year Plan.
The “145” petrochemical industry plan focuses on the elimination of small-scale production, the consolidation of oil refining indicators, the construction of more integrated refining projects with longer processes, higher rates of start-up and greater product diversification, the improvement of the efficiency of our petrochemical production and the reduction of production-to-oil production.
As the policy moves forward, integrated refineries that extend downstream chemical materials and follow the path of small oil-head big chemicals are expected to become future trends.
The Division's major refining project has a high rate of harvest of chemicals and relies on the Great Refinery Platform for the development of new chemical materials Business, smooth cycle volatility, and a sustained contribution, and we maintain a “buy-in” risk factor for hemorrhaging: a sharp shock in crude oil prices; less than expected new capacity-building; new capacity contribution
\triangleright Performance below expectations and high volatility in raw material prices; risk of continued spread of profits due to increased domestic pta production; risk of excess refining capacity; and wind of slow restoration of downstream product profits
Risks; the risk of significant additions to the petrochemical sector by carbon neutralization policies; the global recovery of the economy with less than two-degree bachelor's degree and master's degree in Western economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, which was mainly responsible for research on the price of crude oil, oil mining, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemical projects of the China Sinda Asset Management Corporation.
He is a research assistant in the petrochemical industry. A Master of Economics from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and a Bachelor of Financial Sciences from the University of Finance and Economics of South-West China.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.