China Sea Oil (600938.sh) incident: 21 April 2022, China Sea Oil (n China Sea Oil) was officially listed in a stock, \triangleright
After opening the plate, the share price of N China Sea oil increased by 44% to $15.55, reaching the first day of the market increase limit and triggering the stopover mechanism. After 10 o'clock, n China China Sea oil resumed trading and turned on the upboard. By afternoon, n China China Sea oil increased by 27.69%.
Chen Sook-hyun, cfa \triangleright practice number: s1500519080001
1. The energy cycle triggers high energy inflation, and continues to look at historical opportunities for the allocation of energy resources such as crude oil. We believe that both conventional hydrocarbon resources and United States shale oil, capital spending, are the main reasons for limiting crude oil production.
The elasticity of the supply of the ball ' s crude oil will decline, while demand for crude oil will continue to grow in the old and new energy transition, and the global will continue to face a shortage of crude oil for many years.
Energy resources, such as crude oil, have historic opportunities to be deployed during the energy cycle.2 The core value of investment in oil in China and China lies in low-cost advantages. Low-cost is the proportion of core oil companies competing for h shares (93.72%).
Competing is also key to raising profitability and countering the risk of oil price volatility, resulting in companies continuing to make countercyclical investments at low- and medium-flowa shares (5.50 per cent) and increasing crude oil reserves and yields by reducing them.
In 2021, international oil prices continued to rise to over $70, raising the cost of public barrel oil to $29.49 per barrel, but still maintaining a relatively high cost advantage. We believe that the global marine garment industry remains relatively surplus, although oil prices have risen.
The cost increases for the operation of the uniforms have been limited, and the competitive advantage of the low barrel oil costs of the company will continue to be consolidated as the company continues to increase its exploration and development efforts, particularly with regard to large deep-sea oil fields such as Guyana, where reserves and yields will increase further, and the old amortization costs are expected to remain low.
3. China Sea oil sustains high capital spending and produces higher yields. China Sea oil will maintain a steady increase in crude oil production, driven by a policy of increasing domestic production and a seven-year action plan by China Ocean Oil Group Limited. In 2021, the company produced 573 million barrels of oil and gas.
Net oil and gas production will reach 640-650 million barrels of oil equivalent and 680-690 million barrels of oil equivalent, respectively, with China accounting for about 65 per cent, overseas for about 35 per cent, and overseas production increasing. Unmarked production targets reach 2 million barrels of oil equivalent, and annual net production targets reach 7.3 million barrels.
The growth in oil and gas production will lead to a further expansion of the company’s performance.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City, profit forecast and match pe and pb: we expect the company to have a net profit share for the year 2022-2024 \triangleright \triangleright
The relative valuation method, pe and pb: is based on the collection on 21 April 2022 and corresponds to the values of \triangleright 1.01 and 0.90 times the values of China Sea oil.
In 2024, China Sea oil h/h was valued at between 3 and 4 times, but the other two barrels of oil h/h were valued at between 5 and 6 times and the China Seah share was undervalued. Vertically, China Sea oil h/h had a premium of 60 and 30 per cent and China Sea oil a/h had a premium of 55 per cent.
Considering the significantly underestimated h-stock valuation and the similar premium range, there is still room for restoration of the upfront value of China Sea oil. \triangleright
\triangleright is a new high; middle-sea heh dividends between $80-120/barrel oil price fluctuations Risk factors: recurrent outbreaks, economic fluctuations and downside risk of oil prices; low productivity rate in the company's increased reserves
\triangleright and expected risks; economic sanctions and geopolitical risks.
I. Key assumptions in profit projections Prices: We believe that considering the global deficit in long-term capital spending on crude oil, the global supply elasticity of crude oil will decline, while demand for crude oil will continue to grow in the transition to old and new sources of energy, the world will continue to face a shortage of crude oil for many years, and international oil prices will rise in 2022
At the turning point, oil prices will remain high in the medium to long term, and energy resources are expected to be on the boom for the next three to five years. We believe that oil prices are running at a high level of $100 per barrel over and above in the long run, and that the hub continues to rise.
In the long run, it is difficult to sustain the oil price hub below $60 per barrel.In figure 2, the fiscal balance of the main OEC member countries (US$/bbl), and in figure 3, the fiscal balance of the main non-OEC member countries (US$/bbl)
Sales: Corporate crude oil production will continue to grow, supported by higher storage output and international oil prices, and demand for natural gas will increase in line with the company ' s strategy for 2022, and the price of natural gas will continue to rise. Companies ' barrel oil costs consist mainly of operating costs, depreciation amortization, disposal fees, sales and management fees, and other than income taxes
His five-part tax is projected on the basis of different cost characteristics and historical data. Given the rise in oil prices, operating costs are projected to be based on our estimated average crude oil realization, and based on our special oil revenue collection rules, the company ' s oil revenues are projected for 2022-2024.
With the accelerated vaccination process and the global economic recovery, high oil prices, and the build-up of the seven-year action plan policy, we expect the domestic oil and gas industry to improve, China and China to sustain their oil and gas production, with high capital spending leading to higher oil and gas production, company performance and the comparative advantage of barrel oil costs ensuring the company's profit zone.
(1) Profit-to-oil sensitivity analysis: US$/bunks and above, net profits of companies will increase by 10 billion yuan per $10 increase in oil prices due to special revenue collection. Figure 42022 net profits sensitivity analysis of oil prices
(2) Absolute valuation sensitivity analysis: we discount the company ' s future net profits in full and value the company. Based on the above profit sensitivity analysis, we assume that: the annual performance of the company is increased by 7% as a result of the increase in production; the average price of tar is assumed to be $60 per barrel in 2026-2060.
Table 3 Company rate of return sensitivity analysis recalls the 2011-2021 valuation of the China Sea Oil Unit: pe, since China Sea Oil is a purely oil and gas upstream company, compares it to international oil companies with upstream and downstream integrated layouts
In the period of low oil prices from 2015 to 2021, China and China increased their average value to 12 times more profitable and risk-resistant than other oil and gas companies did, but China and China have a valuation advantage compared with other oil and gas companies, whose average pb value was 1.8 times higher in the period of high oil prices from 2011 to 2014 and when oil prices were lower from 2015 to 2021.
During the period, as a result of persistent counter-cyclical investments, the size of the medium-sea oil stock was rapidly expanding, the average value of the pb dropped to one-fold, and the rest of the oil department increased significantly. Moreover, in mid-2021, the oil was added to the list of military-related enterprises by the US government, resulting in a further fall in the 2021 valuation, with a four-fold drop in the price of pe and a 0.6-fold drop in the pb, significantly below the historical valuation range.
Figure 8 Average annual pb per company for the period of high oil prices (fold, US$/barrell) Figure 8 Average annual pb per company for the period of low oil prices (fold, US$/barrell) Average annual per company per company for the period of different oil prices
Figure 10 shows the average annual pb (fold) of companies at different oil price periods looking to the future: we use the relative valuation method to value companies, with comparable companies predominantly accounting for large domestic and foreign oil and gas public forecasts in RMB.
China Sea oila shares are undervalued and there is room for restoration. Based on China oil, China petrochemicals, consistent expectations, and our calculations of China Sea oila shares, we believe that, based on the collection on 21 April 2022, the value of China Sea oila shares is between 3 and 4 times the value of China Sea oil hpe, but the other two barrels of oil hpe are between 5 and 6 times the value of China Sea.
There is still much room for improvement in the valuation of the Chinese-sea oils. According to the collection on 21 April 2022, 60% and 30% of the Chinese-oil, petrochemicals and 55% of the Chinese-sea oilsa/h shares are in between.
Further, based on the unanimous expectation of the international oil giants and other national oil companies, the China Sea Oil Unit 2022-2023 pe and pb were significantly lower than the International Oil Company at the round price of 21 April 2022, and the China Sea Oil Unit a estimated that there was room for restoration.
A comparison of the “three barrels of oil” dividends (%) between the shares of companies in the year 1220 (%) will be announced as soon as the RMB shares are issued and the proposed distribution will be released in late 2021
In the future, in China and China oil’s 2022 strategic outlook, companies indicated that they paid at least 40% of the dividends for the entire year 2022-2024, in absolute terms, and were at the top of their external counterparts.
Figure 142022 Analysis of the sensitivity of corporatea dividends to oil prices Figure 152022 Analysis of the sensitivity of corporate h dividends to oil prices
Without a relaxation of vigilance, local epidemics will continue to inhibit global production operations, and the risk of oil price volatility in demand for crude oil markets2 and geopolitical factors such as Iran sanctions, the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, which exacerbate oil price volatility.2 The company’s yield increase is not as fast as expected: upstream capital spending by companies will have a significant impact on future production, if not matched by companies
The planned completion of capital spending will further affect the pace of future increases in production.3 The risk of economic sanctions: the United States placed the United States on the list of military-related enterprises, and the imposition of sanctions on oil in China and China could affect the position and competitiveness of oil in the global energy market.
B.A. in Economics and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for research on the industrial chain such as crude oil prices, oil field extraction, oil processing, refining polyesters, and investment assessment for the petrochemical projects of the Chinese firm Sinda Asset Management. 2021 Components were not, were not, and would not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion presented in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.