China Sea Oil (600938.sh) buys (first rating) the three main areas of scarcity of China Sea Oil!
In our view, the focus of the current market is on whether oil prices can sustain high levels and whether the valuation of China Sea oil can increase, while ignoring the stock of China Sea oil, the resource grade and the three scarce advantages of production are that China Sea oil has grown in the past in a long-term reverse way, and is scarce: the global new discovery of oil and gas has been the lowest in 75 years, while China Sea oil has been the source of oil.
China ' s sea oil-year global discovery of oil and gas resources has been at its lowest level since 1946, with an accelerated decline after 2012 (average oil prices exceeded $100 for 2012-2014), and we're using big satellite data for China and China.
An analysis of the modelling of 600 hydrocarbon assets shows that the amount of newly discovered and confirmed reserves in China and China has increased in reverse over the last 10 years, and that China and China have significantly increased the scarcity of hand-held resources. The resources are a global leader, scarce: we measure the global nature of the assets found in China and China.
Strong competitiveness: Net interest rates for China and China have averaged 20.68 per cent over the 11 years since 2011, with four years at the top of the world ' s 12 comparable oil and gas companies, and China and China are the only ones with declining debt ratios and operating costs, but growing reserves and yields. We need to mention this in particular.
Yes, the resource quality of the bottom hydrocarbon asset is the essence of the net interest rate of the oil and gas company, while the management level of the offshore oil and gas taps in the China Sea has further magnified this resource grade advantage. Production has continued to grow in reverse and scarce: we have found oil and gas production in China and China even in 2020.
As a result of the negative oil prices, growth has remained negative, while the average crude oil production of the 30 leading industries we counted declined by 5.38 per cent and the average gas production of the 30 decelerated by 6.14 per cent during the same period. In our judgement, seven oil and gas projects in China and China could contribute about 72 million barrels/year of additional crude oil equity and gas production.
Three hundred and ninety million years, accounting for about 16 per cent and 17 per cent of total crude oil and natural gas production in 2021 in China and China, respectively, show that China and China continue to grow with a strong degree of certainty.
Xu Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian will be able to make production at a lower rate than expected; 2. The supply and demand of crude oil is abnormally disturbed; 3.
4. Impact of energy policies and sanctions on business operations; 5. Risk of stock restrictions; 6. Exchange rate risk: (1) The willingness of oil companies abroad to build new production capacity in the long term is weak due to the immediate energy transition, and the increase in this expenditure is mainly focused on accelerating short-term stock production, and international political tensions have led to Russia
The supply of oil and gas continues to be hampered; (2) the policy of the Chinese Government to guarantee the country's energy security, as well as the idea that companies invest in, explore, exploit and live in ways that distinguish us from the market
The lack of awareness in the domestic market of the underlying investment logic of China Sea oil, the concentration of market views on optimism about the performance and valuation improvement of China Sea oil due to high oil prices, and the focus of the market on whether oil prices can remain high and whether valuations can increase, do not recognize the three main core value drivers of China Sea oil: reserves, resources.
The great advantages of grade and output are fundamental to the fact that China Sea oil can still earn an average of more than 10 per cent of net interest rates during low- and medium-price periods, as well as the elasticity of performance in the oil price boom, and we believe that China Sea oil is globally competitive, especially if it is sustained during low- and medium-price periods.
Reverse growth in reserves and production, together with high net interest rates at medium- and low-priced prices for superior resource levels, are three factors that are significantly scarce globally, leaving China and China oil of significant investment value. Especially in high oil prices, the competitive advantage of China and China will be further magnified, bringing significant performance elasticity.