High oil prices + low valuation + high dividends continue to materialize.
China Sea Oil is a historic opportunity - China Sea Oil (600938.sh) In-depth report 21 April 2022
High oil prices + low valuation + high dividends continue to materialize, and China Sea oils meet China ' s sea oil (600938.sh) production cycle triggers high energy inflation and looks forward to historic opportunities for the allocation of energy resources such as crude oil:
Whether it's conventional hydrocarbon resources or shale oil in the United States, capital spending is the main reason for limiting crude oil production. Given the global chronic shortage of capital spending on crude oil, the elasticity of the global supply of crude oil will decline.
On the other hand, in 2022, international oil prices will continue to be high in the medium to long term, with inflation, and the historic deployment of energy resources, such as crude oil, in the energy cycle. We believe that oil prices will remain high for a long time in the coming years, and that oil prices will rise in the middle, and that they will be on the upper edge.
At the same time, the ratio of oil and gas production in China and China is 8:2 and its crude oil production is higher than that of China (6:4); China ' s petrochemical (6.4); bp (6.4); Chevron (6.4); and ExxonMobil (6.4).
6.04), Devon Energy (7:3), Western Oil (7:3) and the share of circulation h (93.72-94.5 per cent), both domestic and foreign, benefited more from higher oil prices.
With a net production target of 7.3 million barrels of oil equivalent, the increase in oil and gas production will lead to a further expansion of the company’s performance. At the same time, the company continues to increase its oil and gas exploration, with the replacement rate for 2022 remaining at 130%. In terms of cost, the company’s main cost of barrel oil was $29.49 in 2021, with the oil being laid.
In addition to the low operating impact and the impact of the 2020 epidemic, the difference between Brent crude oil prices and the cost of medium-sea oil drums is over $34, providing ample profit space. On the capital-cost side, in 2022, China-sea oil spent between $90 billion and $100 billion, supported by high capital spending.
The company’s reserves have continued to grow, and it has actively promoted the pace of its new production capacity and explored its potential for increased production: q4 in 2021, the expansion of the 11-6 oil fields in Cao Cao, the 16-1 oil field, the regional development of the land-rich oil complex, and four new items in the UK Buzzard II phase.
Of the 19 new projects announced by the company in 2021, the remaining 31-1 gas fields in Jinzhou, the development of 4-1 blocks in the 6-1 oil field, 4-3 blocks in the 4-2 oil field, the 5-2 North oil field in the brigade, including mainly the 29-6 oil fields in China, the 6-1 oil field 5-1, 5-2, 6-1 areas in the reclamation industry
The development of blocks, the joint development of the Ngping 15-1/10-2/15/2/20-4 oil field complex and the development of the capital South Air Field, as well as the Guyana liza II project and the 3m (mda, mbh, mac) project abroad, among others, provide strong support for the realization of the company’s future production objectives.
In April of that year, the development projects for the eastern zone of the 12-8 oil fields in Guyana ' s Liza II and Luangzhou were announced; offshore oil and gas exploitation offers vast scope for developing the sustainable development potential of companies: the country began intensive exploration for oil and gas on land in the 1950s and only in the 1980s did it engage in offshore oil.
At present, our land-based reserves of oil and gas are growing thinly, and marine oil and gas have greater exploration and development space. According to the China Sea Oil Group Energy Economics Research Institute, published on 14 January 2022, Sunda Securities Inc.
The production of marine crude oil reached 57.6 million tons, an increase of about 5.4 per cent over the same period.
China’s maritime area is the China Sea Oil Core Field, and China Sea Oil has now applied to the State for mine certificates for areas with potential for development in China’s sea area. More than 95% of these certificates are China China Sea relative valuations, which are significantly below historical range and peer levels: based on China’s petroleum and China’s petrochemicals.
With consistent expectations and our calculations of the China Sea Oila Unit, we believe that, based on a share price of $10.8, the corresponding values for China Sea Oil Unit a of 4.99, 4.21 and pe for 2022-2024 are significantly lower than for China Oil and China Petrochemicala and h, respectively, and are also significantly lower than for international oil companies.
On the other hand, the price premium for oil, petrochemical a/h shares was 70 per cent and 30 per cent for 2022-2024, and, according to the issuance price of $10.8 for China Sea oila shares, 10 per cent for China Sea oil a/h shares, 9-12 times for China Sea oil h units, 1-1.8 times for pb and a share for China Sea oilsa in 2011-2021.
High dividends programme, providing absolute security of earnings: corporate dividends are at a higher level of water among domestic and foreign counterparts, companies have decided not to distribute the 2021 end-of-year dividends for the time being, and the special shares will be officially released after the completion of the returna, subject to double-carbon targets, company-plus natural gas and offshore wind power: carbon neutralization and transition, to be met
The share of natural gas in the energy consumption structure will increase as countries develop and grow their energy demand, and companies actively deploy, and the share of natural gas revenues and production rises. Moreover, at sea, wind power will be an important driver of energy structural transformation and low-carbon global economic development.
Toto has the advantage of using offshore wind power as an important exploration for energy transformation. In the Hainan mausoleum, the world’s first 100,000-degree deep-water semi-submarine oil storage platform, Deep Sea One, has completed three world-class innovations, marking the development of marine oil and gas exploration into super-deep water in the company’s own country.
In addition, the company is constantly exploring new sources of energy, and the 300,000 kilowatts of offshore wind power project has been fully powered and grid-connected.
The company launched the overstock selection mechanism. As of 18 April, the size of the distribution a represented 5.50 - 5.50 - of the company’s total stock after issuance.
It will be used for the development of the Guyana Payara oil field, the secondary development of the 11-1/4-1 oil field, the development of the Guyana oil field, the offshore power application of the Royal Qin island, 32-6/Cao Duang 11-1 oil field, the development of the Brigade 6-2 oil field, and the replenishment of liquidity.
With support, the scale of the company’s oil and gas development is on the rise, and the company’s value is expected to rise further. On the other hand, unlike China’s petrochemical and Chinese petroleum companies such as the “exploration-refining-retailing” land-based integrated oil companies, China’s sea oil is the country’s largest offshore oil and gas production pole.
Also the largest independent oil and gas exploration and producer in the world, the return of China and China has further enriched a stock market type, filling a gap in the domestic market’s net upstream stock. The catalyst for stock prices is the frequency of geopolitical conflicts, and supply constraints have kept oil prices at moderate and high levels;
Insufficient global capital spending has led to a hydrocarbon energy crisis; a global economic recovery that is faster than expected. Risk factors: recurring epidemics, economic fluctuations, and downside risks in oil prices; less-than-expected growth in corporate reserves; economic sanctions; and geopolitical risks.
The energy cycle triggers high energy inflation, and looks forward to historic opportunities for the allocation of energy resources such as crude oil: whether conventional hydrocarbon resources or shale oil in the United States, capital spending is the main reason for limiting crude oil production. Considering the global long-term capital spending on crude oil, the elasticity of the global supply of crude oil will decline, while demand for crude oil will continue to grow in the transition to old and new energy sources, and the global demand for crude oil will continue to grow.
Faced with a shortage of crude oil each year, international oil prices will be on their way up in 2022, oil prices will remain high in the medium to long term, energy resources are expected to be on the boom in the next three to five years, continuing to look firmly at the current round of high energy inflation, and continuing to look firmly at the historic opportunities for energy resources, such as crude oil, to be deployed in the productive cycle. We believe that oil prices will remain on the rise in the coming years.
High, oil price center rises, profiting from the upper plate. Meanwhile, the share of oil production in China and China is 8:2 and its crude oil production is higher than that of China (6:4) and China ' s petrochemical (6.4), bp (6.4), Chevron (6.4), Exxon and Mobil (6:4) and Devon.
Domestic and foreign energy companies, such as oil and gas production of 7:3 and Western oil (oil and gas production of 7:3) have benefited more from the planned production target of 2 million barrels per day, a net annual production target of 7.3 million barrels per year, and an increase in oil and gas production will lead to a further expansion of the company’s performance. At the same time, the company continues to increase its oil and gas exploration and the rate of replacement of reserves will continue to be maintained in 2022.
130% of the cost. In 2021, the company ' s main cost of barrel oil was $29.49, which is $40. The difference between the price of Brent crude oil and the cost of a barrel of oil in China and China is over $34. The capital expenditure budget for this cost was $90-100 billion in 2022, and high capital expenditure supported the company ' s production.
Four new projects have been launched in the field, the field development of the landfield oil complex, and the UK Buzzard II phase. Of the 19 new projects announced by the company in 2021, the remaining 31-1 gas fields in Jinzhou, the 6-1 oil field 4-1 development project, the brigade 4-2 oil field 4-3 and the brigade 5-2 North oil field four projects are expected to continue to intensify in 2022.
The launch, mainly involving the development of the Chinese Middle 29-6 oil field, the reclamation of 6-1 oil field 5-1, 5-2, 6-1 sector development, the joint development of the Nping 15-1/10-2/15/20-4 oil field complex and the development of the South Gas Field of the capital, as well as the Guyana liza II and 3m (mda, mbh, mac) projects abroad, provided strong support for the realization of the company ' s future production objectives.
In April of that year, the development projects for the eastern zone of the 12-8 oil fields in Guyana ' s Liza II and Luangzhou were announced, and offshore hydrocarbon exploitation offers vast scope for developing the potential of companies for sustainable development: the country has been actively engaged in oil and gas exploration on land since the 1950s, and only in the 1980s has it been involved in oil and gas exploration at sea.
The volume growth was weak, and marine oil and gas had greater scope for exploration and exploitation. According to the China Ocean Energy Development Report 2021 issued by the China Sea Oil Group Energy Economics Research Institute on 14 January 2022, our marine crude oil production amounted to 546.4 million tons in 2021, with marine crude oil accounting for more than 80 per cent of the total national increase. In 2022, our marine crude oil production is expected to reach a level of over 80 per cent.
China’s maritime area is the China-China oil core, and China-China oil has now applied to the state for mine certificates for areas with potential for development in China’s maritime area. More than 95% of the mines in China-China have been licensed to hold oil in China-China.
In the relative valuation method, valuations are significantly lower than historical ranges and peer levels: on the basis of consistent expectations of medium oil, central petrochemicals and our calculations of the China Sea oila shares, we believe that, based on a share of $10.8, the valuation of the China Sea oila shares 2022 - China Sea oila shares is significantly lower than the China oil and China petrochemicala and h shares, and is also significantly lower than that of the international oil companies.
On the other hand, the oil, petrochemical a/h share premium for 2022-2024 was 70 per cent, 30 per cent, and the valuation of the China Sea oil a share had been substantially repaired, according to a factor of $10.8-1.8 times, and the Division officially launched a return, which led to the company ' s decision not to release the 2021 end-of-year dividends, which will be completed in a returna, in order to avoid affecting the release progress.
Under the two-carbon target, companies added to natural gas and wind power at sea: the share of natural gas in energy consumption structures will gradually increase in order to meet the country’s development and growing energy demand.
In addition, offshore wind power will be an important force for energy structural transformation and low-carbon global economic development, with companies relying on existing advantages to use ocean wind power as an important exploration for energy transformation. In the Seamount Sea, the world’s first 100,000-ton deep-water semi-submarine oil storage platform, Deep Sea One, marks the completion of three world-class innovations.
In addition, the company is constantly exploring new sources of energy, and the 300,000 kilowatts of offshore wind and wind power project in Jiang Sumagensha (h2#) is generating full capacity and grids.
Complete returna, raise capital plus oil and gas production: on March 30, 2022, the company received a certificate from the CSRC authorizing a returna, officially launching a share. The company launched the excess distribution options mechanism. As of April 18, the size of the launch a. The fund raised will be used for the development of the Guyana Pavara oil field, secondary development of the 11-1/4-1 oil field, Guyana liza
Eight major oil field development applications, including the second phase of oilfield development, the development of the land-rich oil fields, the development of the mary 17-2 gas fields, the development of the land-rich 12-3 fields, the onshore electrical applications of the Royal island of Qin Royal Island, 32-6/Cao Cao, 11-1 fields, and the development of the brigade Great 6-2 fields, have been used to supplement liquidity.
On the other hand, unlike China's petrochemical and Chinese petroleum companies such as “exploration-refining-retailing” on land, China's oil is the country's largest offshore oil and gas producer and the largest independent oil and gas exploration and producer worldwide. The return of China's oil has further enriched the stock type of a market and filled the domestic market.
We believe that, because global capital spending is chronically inadequate, crude oil supplies will be in short supply for long periods, oil prices will be running high over the next few years, and the hub will rise. The Russian-Ukrainian conflict has only increased the volatility of oil prices, which are not central because of the easing of the conflict in the Russian-Ukrainian conflict.
We believe that there are historic investment opportunities in the upstream areas of hydrocarbons. Profit predictions and investment ratings: frequent geopolitical conflicts; supply constraints leading to the maintenance of medium-high oil prices; and insufficient global capital spending leading to hydrocarbon energy.
Crises; global economic recovery ahead of schedule; recurrent epidemics, economic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; less than expected risks in corporate savings; economic sanctions and geolocations; past: two decades of development achievements at sea
China Ocean Oil Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as China Sea Oil or Company) is China’s leader in the production of crude oil and natural gas at sea, and is the largest independent oil and gas exploration and producer worldwide. The company was founded in August 1999, was listed at Newton and Hong Kong Joint Exchanges in February 2001, was listed at Toronto Stock Exchange in 2013, and was first sanctioned by the United States in 2021.
The company’s main business includes exploration, exploitation, production, sale of crude oil and natural gas, with the Chinese maritime areas of Jinhai, the western South China Sea, the eastern South China Sea and the East China Sea as its core area of business. After more than 20 years of globalization, the company has completed a number of collections in China, Indonesia, Australia, Nigeria, South America, the United States, Canada, etc.
The company’s assets are now spread across China’s immediate sea and several regions and countries, including Asia and the Pacific, Europe, Oceania, the Americas, and Africa. The NAC actually holds shares, and its subsidiaries operate extensively.
The State Treasury Committee of the State Council is the real owner of the company, with an indirect share of 65.21%. The company currently owns eight subsidiaries with direct holdings, mainly through China Sea Oil (China) Ltd. and China Sea Oil International Ltd., which expands their operations both within and outside the country.
There are 18 wholly-owned subsidiaries with a wide range of operations. Figure 122021 Sea oil equity structure.
By April 18, 2022, the company issued a total of 2.6 billion shares, of which 850 million were sold strategically, 1.383 billion online and 368 million online.
The remaining uncollected shares, 22,481.0 million shares, are contracted by the principal underwriter.
Net funding is $32.09 billion.a The Unit is launching a fund-raising initiative to invest in the development of Guyana's Payara field, the secondary development of Guyana's 11-1/4-1 field, the second phase of Guyana's Liza field development, the development of a land-rich field area, the opening of a mausoleum 17-2 gas field, the development of land-rich 12-3 field development, the offshore power application of the Royal Qin island 32-6/Cypriot 11-1 field, and the launching of the Brigade's 6-2 field.
On the other hand, unlike China’s petrochemical and Chinese petroleum companies, which are “develop-refining-retailed” land-based integrated oil companies, China’s oil is our largest offshore production pole.
Also the largest independent oil and gas exploration and producer in the world, the return of China and China has further enriched a stock market type by filling the gap in the domestic market on purely upstream stocks.
Oil and gas sales have contributed to the company’s main revenue. Since its inception, the company has focused on upstream oil and gas exploration, exploitation and production, with oil and gas revenues consistently exceeding 80% of revenue. Oil revenues have remained stable at over 70%, the largest part of the company’s sales portfolio.
In 2021, gas sales generated 29.1 billion yuan, an increase of 18 per cent over 2019. Corporate revenue and profits fluctuated periodically with oil prices, and oil prices rebounded. Corporate revenues and profits fluctuated with oil prices, and oil prices rebounded with the company’s performance. As upstream oil and gas exploration, development and production enterprises, public,
The Division’s performance was positively related to high oil prices. In 2021, the average price of tar was over $70 per barrel, oil prices were warming up the oil-mining industry, company revenues and net returns increased by 58 per cent and 181 per cent, respectively, throughout the year, and corporate profits were higher than in 2011 when $100 per barrel.
Figure 5 Relationship between corporate revenues, net gains and oil prices (Billions of Dollars, US Dollars/Bills) Figure 6 Company revenues and the same rate of increase (Billions, %) Figure 7 Company net profits and the same rate of increase (Billions, %)
Corporate profitability depends on the price of oil and barrel oil. Corporate profitability continues to increase under effective cost control. Corporate barrel oil costs have continued to decline under effective cost control and have fallen to $26 in 2020. Meanwhile, Brent crude oil prices and medium-sea oil drums, except for those affected by low oil prices in 2015, 2016, 2017 and the epidemic in 2020.
The difference in the cost of oil is over $34, which provides ample room for profit. In 2021, the cost of a barrel of oil for a company was $29.49, a difference of $41 from the price of a Bu oil. The company achieved a profit-making expansion of the oil price zone, and the company’s production and operation of a barrel of oil for a company in figure 8 (US$/barrel), oil prices and price differentials (US$/barre)
The share of crude oil production is higher, with China and China benefiting from higher oil prices. The share of crude oil production in China and China is 8:2, and its share of crude oil production is higher than that in China (6:4); China ' s petrochemical production is higher (6:4); bp is higher (6:4) than oil and gas production; Chevrome is higher (6:4) than oil and gas production is higher); Exxon ' s Mobil is higher (6:4) than energy is higher; Devon is more energy.
The higher share of crude oil production compared to domestic and foreign energy companies such as oil and gas production of 7:3 in the West (oil and gas production of 7:3) has made China Sea oil more sensitive to oil prices and benefited more from higher oil prices.
1.3 The firm is in a good financial position, operating with a strong cash flow. The net interest rate and the net asset rate of return are high in the industry and are highly profitable. In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, the net interest rate and the net asset rate of return on corporate sales fell by 10 percentage points and 8 percentage points, respectively.
In 2020-2021, both China and China oil sales net interest rates and net asset returns were higher compared to major oil companies in the industry. In 2021, the net interest rate on corporate sales was 28.8 per cent, more than 20 percentage points higher than that of comparable counterparts; net companies were net.
Figure 10 Net interest rate on corporate sales is significantly higher than that of peers (%) and Figure 11 Roe has performed very well (%)
Xxonmobil
Debt instruments drive performance growth more cautiously and less by financial leverage. Corporate cash flows are abundant, and the financial base for increased savings is strong. In 2021, net corporate cash inflows were $147.9 billion, compared to +80 per cent, net investment cash outflows were equal to +89 per cent, and financing net cash outflows were equal to +14 per cent.
Increased capital spending, reduced debt burden and sufficient operating cash flows lay the foundation for a company ' s future productive build-up plan. II. Inherent: Deepening potential, pursuit of excellence.
Low-cost oil is the core competitiveness of oil companies and is key to raising profits and countering the risk of oil price volatility. The production costs of oil drums in China and China are composed of operating costs, depreciation and amortization, disposal fees, sales and administration costs, and its other part of taxes other than income tax, with operating costs and depreciation amortization accounting for the vast majority.
Cost and barrel depreciation amortization accounts for 80% of the main cost of barrel oil. Therefore, the reduction of barrel oil costs should be primarily based on the control of operating costs and depreciation amortization costs. First, operating costs are largely positively related to oil prices, and oil price fluctuations have a greater impact on barrel oil operating costs, 2014
The subsequent sharp drop in oil prices led many oil companies to lower the cost of barrel oil operations and increase their resilience to risk. After 2017, China and China oil production costs were less volatile, generally declining, and cost competitiveness increased. Second, the costs of depreciation amortization of oil in China and China were more complex, specifically, oil and gas assets in oil and gas fields to confirm that they had been developed
Public installations constructed for hydrocarbon assets are depreciated on the basis of the stock (undeveloped reserves are not depreciated) and calculated on the basis of the yield method. Other assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis because of the high ratio of hydrocarbon assets in oil companies, the correlation between the depreciation amortization of barrel oil and the volume of oil and gas reserves and production, i.e., under the same investment in exploration and development, the oil and gas field reserve
The larger the volume, and the larger the production investment, the lower the depreciation cost of the barrel oil. Therefore, investment in barrel oil development production in China and China will have an impact on the depreciated cost of barrel oil, with a one-to-two-year lag period. As a result of increased company reserves and production and lower unit production investment costs, the depreciation cost of barrel oil will be amortized from $23.5 in 2015.
The cost-control effect of the reduced barrel to $15.33 per barrel in 2021 is significant.Figure 14 oil operation costs are directly related to oil prices (US$/bbl) Figure 15 Depreciation amortization of barrel oil and investment in barrel oil development production (US$/bbl)
Corporate barrel oil costs have continued to decline, with companies performing better in their international counterparts. Since 2014, the company ' s overall enhanced cost controls have reduced the main cost of barrel oil from $45 in 2013 to $26.3 in 2020, a drop of 41.5 per cent.In 2021, international oil prices continued to climb above $70, raising company barrel oil costs to $29.49 per barrel.
Drums, however, remain relatively high in cost advantages. We believe that the global offshore garment industry is still relatively surplus. Although oil prices have risen, the cost of oil uniforms operations has increased only marginally, and as companies continue to increase their exploration and development efforts, particularly in the deep sea oil fields such as Guyana, the size of reserves and production will increase further, the cost of depreciation amortization is expected to remain low, and the company’s low barrel oil is expected to remain low.
In a horizontal comparison, we calculated the average operating costs of seven energy companies, both domestic and foreign, for 2015-2021. With the exception of Dordall ($4.73/bp), bp ($7.61/bb), the cost of operating the mid-sea oil drums is lower than the Shell, Eke, etc.
Energy giants such as Sam Mobil, Middle Oil, and Central petrochemicals perform better in their domestic and foreign counterparts. Figure 17 Comparison of the average operating costs of sea oil with their domestic and foreign counterparts (US$/barrell)
The potential for offshore oil and gas development is enormous, and China’s oil industry has had a unique advantage. Since the 1950’s, we have been engaged in oil and gas exploration on land only in the 1980’s. At present, China’s Ocean Energy Development Report 2021, released on 14th of January, 2021, produced 546.4 million tons of marine crude oil.
In 2022, we reported an estimated 57.6 million tons of marine crude oil production, an increase of 5.4 per cent over the previous year, accounting for about 80 per cent of the national increase in crude oil. China’s maritime area is the core area of China’s oil industry, and China’s sea oil is now a potential source of exploitation in China’s maritime area.
The region applied to the State for mine certificates, more than 95 per cent of which were held in China Sea oil.
Marine crude oil production exceeds 80% of the national increase in crude oil production  marine crude oil  other crude oil
Marine crude oil, marine gas, China ' s marine oil and gas production in 2021
With the support of policies such as “Increment of storage”, “Intensity of offshore oil and gas exploitation”, China and China have continued to increase their exploration workload, with oil and gas reserves rising from year to year. In 2021, China and China accounted for 21% of the total stock of “three barrels of oil”, an increase of 7 percentage points from 2016.
Two land-based oil and gas companies, China Sea oil discovery accounted for a larger share of total exploration reserves (48 per cent), higher than 33 per cent of medium oil and 15 per cent of central petrochemicals.
The larger undeveloped reserves represent a longer storage life, with a stable storage life (storage ratio) of about 10 years in 2017-2021 and a continuous decline from 14 to 11 years in the middle oil. In 2021, the replacement rates for medium- and medium-chemical reserves were 137 and 62 per cent, respectively, lower than the 162 per cent of medium-sea oil.
For the future, it is anticipated that our land-based oil and gas reserves will grow weak, that offshore oil and gas exploration will accelerate, and that the sustainable development capacity of China's oil will be at the forefront of the “three barrels of oil.” Maintaining a reasonable proportion of investment in exploration and exploitation is necessary to ensure a balance in storage, and Zhang Qi Wei et al. in Hydrocarbon Exploration and Development
The ratio of investments to the ratio of reserves to the ratio of upstream capital expenditure on exploration is considered to be more than 20 per cent in the interest of maintaining the Division’s average investment in exploration of $15.6 billion, or 21 per cent of the share of upstream capital expenditure. In the future, as companies respond to increased national production requirements and the recovery of global economic energy demand, the scale of exploration investment in China and China will continue to grow steadily, thus increasing public investment in oil exploration.
The China Sea Oil Group parent company is designated by the Chinese government to have exclusive rights to cooperate with foreign exploration and exploitation at sea, and to have at most 51% of the rights and benefits of cooperation with foreign oil companies under the psc model. The group parent company transfers the above rights and interests to China Sea oil free of charge.
In 2021, the company obtained 22 new exploration discoveries, further consolidating sustainable development resources. Guided by the Group’s parent company, the seven-year action plan, the company insisted on putting exploration first in production operations, with a total of 16 new discoveries in China’s maritime areas.
Out-of-country exploration efforts were concentrated on the Sabroek block in Guyana, where six new discoveries were made, where the current volume of available resources exceeded 10 billion barrels of oil equivalent and further consolidated the resource base of the company ' s overseas development, while the project ' s production-sharing contract (psc) was loose, the Government ' s share of oil was low, and return returns increased significantly.
2.3 Strength three: Reciprocal investment, increasing the size of the auxiliary production company, Oil and gas resources are a fundamental basis for the development of the oil exploration and development industry. The likelihood of future depletion of oil and gas resources and the uncertainty of oil and gas reserves also fundamentally affect the survival and development of oil companies.
Since 2003, China has become the world’s second largest oil consumer and the largest importer of crude oil. In 2021, China’s oil import dependence was 72%; its gas import dependence was 41%; neither of them met the objectives of the 13th Five-Year Plan.
The country has promoted energy security strategies and production plans to increase reserves. In the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, the country explicitly called for “exploitation of oil and gas resources, stabilization of domestic oil production, rapid growth of gas production, and promotion of coal”.
The development and use of non-conventional hydrocarbon resources, such as surface gas, shale gas, and the active development of new developments such as marine oil and gas and marine engineering equipment, have, as of 2020, produced 195 million tons of crude oil, 194 million cubic metres of natural gas, and the “13th Five” replenishment of oil and gas has not been successfully completed, and much remains to be done to ensure the country's energy security strategy.
Oil companies have called for a seven-year plan of action. In the second half of 2018, three barrels of oil met to discuss energy security and storage, to establish a strategic orientation for the “priority development” of domestic exploration and development operations, and to increase investment and storage in oil and gas exploration and development. In 2019, the National Energy Agency launched a major effort to improve oil and gas exploration and development.
International oil prices have been at a low level of $60-70 per barrel since the sharp decline in 2015, and they have fallen further by $40 per barrel since the outbreak in 2020, but China Sea oil has been countered by the parent company's seven-year action plan.
Periodic investments, rapid recovery of capital spending, and in 2022, the capital expenditure budget for China Sea oil was RMB 90-100 billion, surpassing the high oil price levels of 2012-2013, followed by a peak of RMB 107 billion in 2014, with 21 per cent of the funds spent on oil and gas production compared with real capital in 2020, while 73 per cent of the capital expenditure was spent on oil fields in China ' s maritime areas.
The oil fields development phase refers to the construction and commissioning of works, including platform installation, seafloor catheter laying and anchoring systems, fpso (LNG production and unloading units) systems. Production includes drilling wells, adjustment wells, construction of wells to produce crude oil, and storage processing.
Figure 282022 Structure of corporate capital expenditure Real completion of China Sea oil’s capital expenditure following the implementation of the Group’s seven-year action plan. The lowest value of the capital expenditure plan measures actual completion in the past, with the average completion of the company’s capital expenditure plan for the period 2010-2021 at about 96%.
After the implementation of the “seven-year action plan” by the parent company, capital spending on China Sea oil at oil price levels actually increased compared to before it was completed. In 2019, the group parent actively promoted the seven-year action plan, with real capital expenditure on China Sea oil reaching 114%; in 2020, actual capital expenditure on China Sea Oil was 94%, but in 2016 it was the same.
Capital expenditure under low oil prices is only 82% complete. In mid-2021, in the context of the boom + policy build-up, sea oil was finished, amounting to 88.7 billion yuan, or 99% of capital expenditure, higher than the completion of capital expenditure at the same level as oil prices in 2018. Figure 30 shows the completion of sea oil capital expenditure plans (billions, %).
Figure 31 Relationship between real GDP and oil prices (% US$/barrell) China-Sea oil continued to increase capital spending and achieved hundreds of millions of barrels of oil, driven by the parent ' s seven-year plan of action and the country ' s targets for increased production. In 2021, the company ' s annual crude oil production was driven by the domestic stock build-up and the corporate parent ' s seven-year plan of action.
Overall, the company's crude oil business is concentrated in the domestic region. In 2021, the company's domestic crude oil production was 69%. Specifically, the company's operations in the country were concentrated in the eastern parts of the China Sea and the South China Sea, while its overseas operations were split between 32 companies' crude oil production and the same rate of increase (million barrels, per cent)
Figure 342021 Share of crude oil production areas in the country ' s crude oil production areas in figure 332021 Gas plate: China ' s gas market is fast in the face of increasingly severe climate change and increasingly stringent low-carbon environmental protection
Rapid growth, with companies continuously increasing their investment in natural gas and increasing their exploration, development and production activities in natural gas fields, amounted to 72%. Overall, the company’s domestic production of natural gas has gradually increased, while overseas production of natural gas has remained stable. In particular, the company’s domestic production of natural gas is concentrated mainly in the western and eastern parts of the South China Sea and in the overseas regions.
Natural gas production is fairly evenly distributed. Figure 35 shows the volume of natural gas production and the same rate of increase (one billion cubic feet, per cent) and 680-690 million barrels of oil equivalent, of which China accounts for about 65 per cent, overseas 35 per cent, and overseas production has not increased.
One million barrels of oil equivalent, with an annual net production target of 7.3 million barrels of oil equivalent, and an increase in oil and gas production that will drive the scale of corporate performance into new projects, with the remaining 31-1 gas fields in Jinzhou, a 4-1 development project for 6-1 oilfields, 4-3 brigade 4-2 oilfields, and four projects for the 5-2 North Brigade oil fields expected to continue to intensify in 2022.
The project, consisting mainly of the development of 29-6 oil fields in China, the exploitation of 6-1 oil fields in China, 5-1, 5-2, 6-1, the joint development of the Nping15-1/10-2/15/20-4 oil field complex and the development of the South Gas Field in the capital, as well as the Guyana liza II project abroad and the 3m (mda, mbh, mac) project in Indonesia, provide strong support for the realization of the company ' s future production objectives.
All postnatal projects contribute to the company ' s maximum production of 200,000 barrels per day, providing a practical basis for the company ' s medium- and long-term output growth. As of April 2022, the development projects for the eastern zone of the 12-8 oil fields in Guyana ' s liza II and Chenzhou have been completed. Table 32021 shows the company ' s additional projects (thousands of barrels of oil equivalent/day).
III. Oil prices: insufficient capital spending, limited growth in capital spending for the oil price start-up cycle 2.1. Crude oil supply is tight, and global crude oil is still in stock. Oecd inventories have fallen to a low of 500,000 barrels per day in the last 10 years.
Right. As of April 2022, the total stock of United States crude oil (commercial crude + strategic reserve crude oil) was less than 1 billion barrels, the lowest of the decade. Since the second half of 2021, the United States has released strategic crude oil on several occasions, and in November 2021, the United States released 50 million barrels; and on 1 March 2022, the International Energy Information Agency (IEA) reported the release of 60 million barrels of strategic crude oil, of which the United States announced that it would release 60 million barrels.
On 31 March 2022, the United States announced a cumulative release of 180 million barrels of crude oil from May. At present, US strategic crude oil stocks are at a historically low level, and if they continue to be released at a rate of 1 million barrels per day for six months, US strategic banks will reach their historical low since the US bank was built in 1982 and will have limited capacity to release further.
Figure 39 Total United States crude oil stock and de-stocking rate (thousands of barrels, thousands of barrels/day) Figure 40oecd commercial crude oil stock and de-stocking rate (million barrels, thousands of barrels/day) Figure 41 Projected changes in United States strategic reserve crude oil stock (million barrels)
Underinvestment in global upstream crude oil from 2015 to 2021 has strained the current supply of crude oil. In 2021, the recovery in oil prices did not drive up upstream capital spending. In 2020, the new coronary hit international oil prices, and global upstream capital expenditure contracted by $149 billion compared to 2019, a 31 per cent reduction from the same period.
Capital-related expenditure increased by $25 billion, or 7.7 per cent, from 2020 to 2020, but is still significantly below the 2019 level.42 The relationship between global upstream investment in hydrocarbons and oil prices ($1 billion, US$/barrell) Figure 43 Upstream capital expenditure by major global crude oil companies ($1 billion, $1 billion)
Oil prices rose further in 2022, with six international oil giants and five large United States shale oil companies accounting for most of the increase in capital spending, but capital spending plans for 2022, which averaged only about 24 per cent more than in 2021, are still significantly lower than the growth in capital spending and in oil and gas production in 2022 by major European-American oil companies in figure 46 (%)
In our view, in the process of transforming old and new energy structures, crude oil demand may reach its peak after 2025, with a three-to-five-year production cycle for traditional oil fields, a drop in post-partum demand, and uncertainty about the long-term return on conventional crude oil projects. Thus, Europe’s oil giants have turned to greater investment in new energy sources, such as renewable energy sources.
Integrated energy companies have been transformed, even like the bp and Shell schemes, to continuously reduce crude oil production over the next 10 years. While the United States is an oil giant, which is still focused on oil and gas production, increased investment in low-carbon areas has raised project costs and raised the yield threshold, and Exxon and Chevron have estimated future market risks, including uncertainties such as international political issues and epidemics.
And for shale oils, higher oil prices, higher profitability of shale oil in the United States, increased capital spending by the United States shale oil company, but, under the pressure of investors, more attention was paid to cash flows and dividends, while capital spending was used to build new wells to make up for old wells and to deal with oil fields.
In addition, environmental policies, esg, etc., have made the shale oil company operating in a more demanding environment. Table 5 International Oil Company's low-carbon strategic plan
2.2 Impact: The Russian-Ukrainian conflict has increased the tension in the supply of crude oil, and the Russian-Ukrainian conflict has further increased the tension, as a catalyst and trigger for the massive rise in international oil prices. Russia is a major supplier of global oil and gas resources, with an average crude oil production of 10 million barrels per day in 2021, with an average export volume of 5 million barrels per day.
In 2020, exports of oil to oecd European member countries accounted for half of Russia’s total exports. The European Union planned to impose a sixth round of economic sanctions on Russia, mainly on banks and oil, which would further restrict Russian oil exports. Figure 47 Russian crude oil production to export ratio (million barrels per day, %)
Figure 48 shows the destination of Russian oil exports in 2020, due to insufficient capital spending, the current Russian crude oil reserves are at historically low levels, Russia maintains only existing oils, field capacity, production has not increased for three months in a row, and Russian crude oil production has reached the energy cylinders before the war.
Neck. After the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, Russian crude oil production began to decline in March 2022, including the withdrawal of a number of oil companies, including bp, Shell, from the Russian market, and capital spending upstream in Russia will further decline, leading to crude oil production and real production, as well as 49 Russian crude oil production and capacity (thousands of barrels per day, thousands of barrels per day)
2.3opec+ Coalition output increases less than expected, supply elasticity declines OPC+ production increases and crude oil supply rises gradually. According to current production increase rules, OPC-10 member countries could increase crude oil production by 3.6 million barrels per day in September 2022 as compared to early 2022.
In January-September of 502022, the OCP+ countries experienced a division within the OEC+ coalition, which made it more difficult to achieve the 2022 target. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have increased production capacity, but wish to maintain high oil prices and refuse to accelerate the rate of production growth, which they have already done for Russia, Angola, Nigeria, etc.
In the medium-to-long term, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates also have limited residual capacity, despite Saudi Arabia’s plans to increase capital spending on new oil fields.
However, it is planned to increase crude oil production from 11.5 million barrels per day to 13 million barrels per day over the next five years, with an annual planned increase in crude oil production of only 300,000 barrels per day and a decline in the elasticity of crude oil supply.
Figure 54 Saudi Arabian crude oil production capacity (thousand barrels per day) for the three OEC member countries that are not part of the LRA, Libya has recovered from the war in the last three years, with an increase in crude oil production and production, but the remaining capacity is almost exhausted. Venezuela’s capacity has been generated from 3 million barrels per day in the last five years.
As a typical proof of the rate of decline in production without capital expenditure, Venezuela has a surplus capacity of 1 million barrels per day. Iran currently has a surplus capacity, and we believe that if the Iranian sanctions were lifted, they would increase the shortness of the situation.
Oil prices fluctuated during the period, but did not change the long-term trend of scarcity of crude oil supply. Figure 57 Remaining Iranian capacity (thousand barrels per day) 2.4 United States crude oil supply gradually recovered in December 2010-2021, with limited bottlenecks in the increase
US crude oil supply recovery has been slow for the last two years. By 2020, US crude oil production had reached 13 million barrels a day, surpassing Saudi Arabia and Russia as the largest crude oil producer.
Figure 58 2015-2022 United States crude oil production (thousand barrels per day), where shale oil companies use stock wells to sustain production. From the recovery of oil prices in the second half of 2020 to the present, the United States
The oil and gas company did not have sufficient funds to support the drilling of new wells, the shale oil industry in the United States gave preference to single high-yielding blocks, and increased the operation of stock wells (duc, driledbutuncompleted) with a completion rate of up to 200 per cent and a significant decline in stock wells, but only to enable the additional shale oil production to depreciate other old wells and maintain shale oil production.
In 2020, U.S. single wells produced only 7% of the total oil wells, but these wells produced more than 70% of all shale oil in the U.S.. The production of wells is less than 10 barrels per day, up to 80%, and production follows the rules of 2-8. According to this pattern, many of the U.S. stock wells produced less single wells per day, and shale oil during the epidemic.
The company has developed a large number of single wells with high daily production of high-quality stocks to reduce costs, compared to total stock wells, and the number of shale wells in the United States for the period from 2015 to 2020 is shown in figure 63 (million barrels) of annual United States shale oil production for the period from 2015 to 2020.
During the 2020 epidemic, shale oil increased its development of wells in high-quality areas, resulting in a significant increase in single well production. From early 2021 to early 2022, the average daily well production in the main production areas of shale oil in the United States continued to decline from a peak of 1,400 barrels/day to 1,100 barrels/day, resulting in a decline in the daily capacity of new wells.
High oil prices fuel shale oil companies’ willingness to increase production, but funding is the most central factor limiting the increase in shale oil production. According to the first quarter of 2022, published by the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, 82 United States shale oil companies were adjusted for the first quarter of 2022.
According to the survey, there are a number of factors that are limiting the ability of shale oil to increase production under high oil prices. In terms of importance, investors have a capital impact of up to 59 per cent of the beam pressure, 15 per cent of the supply chain, 11 per cent of the supply chain, 11 per cent of the esg, 8 per cent of the lack of access to finance, and only a minimum of 7 per cent of government regulations.
According to a survey of 82 shale oil companies issued by the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, United States, on 23 March 2022, large shale oil companies accounted for more than 80 per cent of America ' s crude oil production in 2022 and are expected to increase at a median rate of 6 per cent, small.
According to the April 2022 report released by the United States Energy Information Agency, eia projected an increase of 880,000 barrels per day in United States crude oil production in 2022, which is largely in line with the findings of the Dallas Federal Reserve, compared with a rapid annual increase of 1.5 million barrels per day in 2018-2019.
U.S. crude oil gradually recovered but production increased only modestly. Figure 69 United States crude oil production structure and projected (millions of barrels per day) Figure 70 Change in crude oil production (millions of barrels per day)
In the long term, according to a long-term outlook released by eia in March 2022, eia expects production bottlenecks in the United States to reach 13.5 million barrels per day in 2025, which will decline thereafter, mainly due to the scale of investment, technical bottlenecks, operating costs, resource block quality, and pipeline infrastructure. As a result, the capacity of the United States shale oil to increase production is limited over the long term.
Global demand for crude oil has slowed but will continue to grow at a slower pace under high oil prices The global economy was severely affected in 2020 by the outbreak of the new crown epidemic, with global demand for crude oil falling significantly from about 9 million barrels per day in 2019 to a rapid recovery of around 5.5 million barrels per day in 2021, according to the April 2022 report
Taking into account the effects of the Russian-Ukrainian war, high oil prices on demand recovery and the Chinese epidemic, demand for crude oil recovered in 2022 from 3.5 million barrels per day to around 2.2 million barrels per day, and by the end of 2022 global demand for crude oil will return to pre-epidemic water, figure 742019 by product demand (%)
Figure 752022: Global crude oil demand by product (%) International Monetary Fund (IMF)imf released the latest outlook for future economic growth on 19 April 2022. Global: define global crude oil demand/global gdp acceleration as a “global crude oil demand/gdp elastic coefficient”, 2000-
The elasticity coefficient for 2019 was between 0.25 and 0.90, with a 20-year average of 0.52 and a global economic downturn in 2020, but because of the greater impact of the epidemic in the area of transport, the elasticity coefficient was as high as 2.38 and was reduced to 0.96 in 2021 as the oil used in transport, chemicals and other fields continued to be repaired.
Taking into account that the global economy will return largely to pre-epidemiological levels in 2023-2025 and that the share of oil in the global energy consumption structure will be shown in figure 76 for global crude oil demand/gdp elasticity coefficients in 2000-2026 (%, multiplied) and figure 77 for global crude oil demand and projections in 2000-2026 (millions of barrels per day)
On the whole, the energy cycle triggers large energy inflation, and continues to look at historic opportunities for the allocation of energy resources, such as crude oil. We believe that capital spending, whether from conventional hydrocarbon resources or shale oil in the United States, is the main reason for limiting crude oil production.
Still growing, the world will continue to face a shortage of crude oil for many years, with international oil prices on the rise in 2022, the medium- and long-term, and the current round of high energy inflation, which continues to look firmly at the historic opportunities for energy resources, such as crude oil, to be deployed in the energy cycle.
4.1 Low-carbon emission reductions are on the agenda, energy transitions are on the rise, and international oil companies are engaged in low-carbon areas and have divided two transformation strategies. One is the transition to an “integrated services energy provider” based on the European oil company, which is about to increase the share of new energy operations.
Oil and gas production fell to 60% per day in 2019, while increasing investment in non-oil and gas operations. Shell rebalancing its portfolio and increasing investment in renewable energy.
Europet, United States companies are more cautious, such as ExxonMobil and Chevron, which focus more on improving the efficiency and decarbonization of their original operations, Chevron, which emphasizes investment in renewable energy as a service to its core traditional hydrocarbon business, and ExxonMobil, which tends to use biofuels and carbon capture, utilization and storage technologies (ccus, or carboncapture, utilization)
Overall, in the transition process, oil companies need to develop carbon-decarbonization technologies and increase the share of natural gas in traditional business life and achieve a smooth energy transition, while oil companies need to expand new energy operations to increase resistance.
In 2020, China recovered rapidly after the outbreak, with CO2 emissions reaching 9.9 billion tons, accounting for 31 per cent of global emissions, an increase of 1 per cent compared to 2019, but carbon emissions affected by the epidemic declined by 6 per cent in most countries globally and by 6 per cent in China.
In the short and medium term, however, the new energy mix will take time, and coal, oil and gas will remain the main sources of energy for the country’s energy security. Given China’s mineral resource characteristics, coal dominates China’s energy consumption structure. In 2020, coal consumption accounted for 57% of total energy consumption, while oil consumption accounted for total energy consumption.
Natural gas accounts for 8 per cent of total energy consumption. To meet national development and growing energy demand, the share of natural gas in the energy consumption structure will gradually increase.
Figure 79 China Co2 emissions are significantly higher than in other countries (%) and figure 80 China ' s energy consumption structure (million tons of standard coal) is 81 China ' s energy consumption structure (%)
Natural gas will play a significant role for a long time to come. On the one hand, natural gas is less carbon-emitting than coal and oil dioxide, and on the other hand, natural gas is currently a relatively stable clean energy source on a global scale. It can also play an important role in addressing the intermittent and unstable nature of wind and photovoltaic power.
The share of natural gas in world energy supply rose from 16% in 1973 to 23% in 2019, while the share of oil declined significantly from 46% to 31%. At the same time, the number of international oil companies has increased, our natural gas resources are richer than oil, and gas reserves have risen relative to global trends.
Guided by the energy security strategy, our natural gas reserve ratio jumped twice in 2016 and 2019, rising inversely under the general trend of a global gas reserve ratio decline, and is also at a world leader, with our natural gas reserve life in 2020 at 43 years, close to the global level (50 years), significantly higher than that of the United States (14 years).
From a point of view, our marine gas reserves are abundant, with a total of about 80 billion tons of oil equivalent (approximately 92,856 million cubic metres) of natural gas hydrates in the sea, with a drilling-tested circle of two billion square deposits; we are also the first sea map in the world to capture crude oil reserves in China, the United States and the world (year)
Figure 85 Natural gas reserves in China, the United States and the world (year)
Each year, the company produces only 10 per cent of the total domestic production of natural gas, has abundant marine natural gas resources, and has greater scope for production. By 2025, the company plans to increase its production of natural gas to 30 per cent of total oil and gas production.
Figure 87 Natural gas production and domestic share (Billions of cubic metres, per cent) In 2021, the world's first 100,000-ton deep-water semi-submarine oil storage platform, Deep Sea One, completed three world-class innovations, marking a historic move towards ultra-deep water in the company's domestic marine oil and gas exploration and development.
Three billion cubic metres of natural gas per year is provided and contributes to the scale and efficient use of natural gas resources in the South China Sea. The 17-2 mausoleum fields are located in the northern part of the South-East Basin, about 1560 metres deep, the first major oil and gas discovery by the company to conduct its own deep-water exploration in China ' s waters, and the amount of geological reserves of natural gas is more than 100 billion cubic metres, demonstrating the vast depth of deep-water areas in the South China Sea.
In 2022, with Deep Sea One as an important hub, the company focused on four key projects, including a 21-1 gas field on Bo Island, and a rolling exploration on the edge of Google Sea gas fields, to promote the transformation of the trillion-dollar atmosphere in the South China Sea from blueprints to reality. Moreover, in 2019, the company acquired 100% of China’s holdings, and plans to expand the distribution of coal-bed gas assets on land in China.
In 2021, the main body of the Shinyan Pipeline was completed in order to promote the development of non-conventional gas on land. In 2022, the company focused on the construction of the natural gas field on land and non-conventional gas fields, the southern gas field of the capital, which will produce a peak production of 1.6 million cubic metres (9500 barrels of oil equivalent/day), and the company's natural gas supply capacity is constantly improving.
Figure 88 Chart of Deep Sea I Production Oil Storage Platform, Figure 89 Map of the South Gas Field 4.3 Based on the advantage, company-plus offshore wind power
In a carbon neutral context, offshore wind power will be an important driver of energy structural transformation and global low-carbon economic development. Wind power is the energy transformation that transforms wind dynamics into electricity, with the advantages of wide distribution, large storage, clean environment, renewable energy.
Today, the European region has built a number of large-scale offshore wind power facilities, and our investment in wind power is expanding rapidly. As of 2021, the global capacity of wind power installed reached 825gw, with only 7 per cent of the capacity of offshore wind power installed, and there is still much room for development in the future.
We have abundant wind and wind power. We have a long and volatile coastline, rich offshore wind resources, and coastal cities have good conditions for the development of wind power in close proximity, especially along the coasts of Jiangsu, beaches and offshore. Moreover, the distribution of wind and wind resources on our land does not match the current power load, which is in the coastal areas.
Large, but less land-based wind energy resources are available; the northern region is rich in wind energy, but far from the power load centre, with a high cost of grid construction. Therefore, offshore wind power will be an important part of our future energy structure, and its potential for development will be enormous.
The capacity increased from 3.5gw to 27.8gw, representing an increase from 3.74% to 12.53% of Europe’s total wind installed capacity, with an average annual compound growth rate of 23%. China’s maritime wind and power market grew rapidly after 2015, with China’s total offshore wind installed capacity of 26.39gw in 2021, an increase of 194% compared to 2020, accounting for 8% of China’s total installed wind installed capacity.
While the size of the upper wind loader is close to Europe in absolute terms, the share of offshore wind power in the total wind load is still well below that of the European market, with significant price reductions and potential for future wind growth. Irena 2019 ' s Futureofwind report predicts that the global total cost of installation of wind on land will decline from an average of US$ 1,497/kw in 2018 to 800-in 2030.
US$ 1350/kw will fall to the range of US$ 650-1,000/kw by 2050. The total installation costs for offshore wind power will decrease over the course of the year, with the average global cost of on-shore wind power expected to drop to US$0.02-0.03 and the average cost of offshore wind power expected to drop to US$0.03-0.07.
The size of the global market for offshore wind power will grow significantly over the next 20 years. As policy targets advance and technology costs fall, the size of the industry will reach $1 trillion over the next 20 years, comparable to the capital for natural gas and coal-fired capacity in the same period, with offshore wind power accounting for about 10% of global investment in renewable energy power plants.
Since President Xi’s presentation of China’s carbon peak goal and carbon neutrality and vision, governments have responded rapidly and actively to promote the development of wind and wind power at sea. Governments and related institutions have followed up with active offshore wind and power planning and subsidy policies throughout the country.
By 2006, the company had already pre-positioned its marine resources, and its subsidiary, China Oil and New Energy Investments Ltd., had been operating three or four years after the establishment of wind power, power cells, and biomass.
But, as a result of policy changes, China’s oil and gas-focused operations, and China’s wind and gas-related new energy operations, such as China’s wind power, were suspended after 2013. Environmental policies became more stringent in 2018, China’s oil reboots the wind and wind-power scheme at sea, China’s oil-melting energy company was established in 2019, and since 2020, companies have invested more in the wind and wind-power sector at sea.
The company's first offshore wind and power project, the Jiangsu Bamingun Sa (h2#) project, completed its first generation in September 2020 and became fully operational in October 2021, with a planned capacity of 300 megawatts, and plans to build 67 wind turbines at sea with access to the electricity grid in Jiangsu province, generating about 860 million kilowatt-hours of electricity per year online.
In April 2020, the company was granted the right to develop the Guangdong Xuanjiang project, with a total installed capacity of 1 million kilowatts, which is currently in the lead-up phase.
Prices: In 2022, oil prices began a booming cycle, and oil prices have been operating at long-term high levels, with the hub rising steadily. Sales: Corporate crude oil production will continue to grow, supported by higher reserves and international oil prices, and demand for natural gas will continue to rise in line with the company’s strategy of 2022.
Company barrel oil costs consist mainly of operating costs, depreciation amortization, including disposal fees, sales and administration fees, and five components of taxes other than income tax, based on different cost characteristics and historical data, respectively. Taking into account the rise in oil prices, operations (4) special oil proceeds:
Based on our estimated average crude oil prices, and based on our special oil revenue collection rules, the company’s oil revenues for 2022-2024 are projected. High oil prices + low costs, corporate profits continue to grow.
Operationalization, superbing of the seven-year action plan policy, we expect the domestic oil and gas industry to improve, China and China to sustain high capital spending leading to higher oil and gas production, a gradual improvement in company performance, and a comparative advantage in barrel oil costs, which guarantees companies (1) a profit-for-oil sensitivity analysis:
Over US$/barrells, the net profit of the company will increase by 10 billion left for every $10 increase in the price of the oil due to the special yield. (2) Absolute valuation sensitivity analysis: we value the company for all future net profits. On the basis of the profit sensitivity analysis above, we assume that:
The annual performance of the company increased by 7 per cent as a result of the increase in production; the average price of tar was assumed to be $60 per barrel for 2026-2060, recalling the 2011-2021 valuation of the China Sea Oil Unit:
Pe values are lower, close to those of independent oil companies. During the high oil price period in 2011-2014, when the average company value was nine times higher, and the low price of oil in 2015-2021, the average of mid-sea oil was raised to 12 times the average of lower-cost, more profitable and more risk-resistant, but it was estimated compared to the significant increase in other low-oil valuations of oil companies.
During the period, as a result of persistent counter-cyclical investments, the size of the medium-sea oil stock was rapidly expanding, the average value of the pb dropped to one-fold, and the rest of the oil department increased significantly. Moreover, in mid-2021, the oil was added to the list of military-related enterprises by the US government, resulting in a further fall in the 2021 valuation, with a four-fold drop in the price of pe and a 0.6-fold drop in the pb, significantly below the historical valuation range.
Figure 97 Average annual pb per company for the period of high oil prices (fold, US$/barrell) Figure 98 Average annual pb per company for the period of low oil prices (fold, US$/barrell) Figure 99 Average annual per company for the period of different oil prices
Figure 100 shows the average annual pb (fold) of companies at different oil price periods looking to the future: we use the relative valuation method to value companies, compared to large domestic and foreign oil and gas companies, where prices are collected, and China ' s petroleum and petro-h shares, which are projected in the renminbi.
China Sea Oila shares are undervalued, and there is significant up-front space. According to China Oil, China petrochemicals, and our China Sea Oila shares, the valuation is lower than the Central Petroleum and China petrochemicala and h shares. On the other hand, the Central Sea Oilsa/h shares premium for 2022-2024 was 70% and 30%, and China Sea Oila shares were premiumed at $10.8.
At a price of 10 per cent, China Sea oilsh shares 9-12 times in 2011-2021, pb blocks 1-1.8 times, China Sea oils are further based on the unanimous expectation of the international oil giants and other national oil companies, that China Sea oilsa shares 2022-2023 p and pb are significantly lower than international oil companies, and China Sea oil sharesa
In the last 10 years, China and China have seen a gradual increase in the share rate of oilh, compared to the shares of companies in 1022020 (%).
In the future, in China Sea Oil 2022 strategic outlook, the company indicated a rate of payment of dividends of no less than 40% for the year 2022-2024 and an absolute value of no less than 40% for the year 2022-2024.
There is still no relaxation of vigilance, and repeated localized outbreaks will continue to inhibit global production operations, and the risk of oil price volatility for the crude oil market: Iran sanctions, the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, among other geopolitical factors, exacerbate oil price volatility.
Future increases in production are further affected by the planned completion of capital expenditures.3 The risk of economic sanctions: the United States has placed the United States on the list of military-related enterprises, and the sanctions against China and China could affect the position and competitiveness of China and China oil in the global energy market.
In 2017, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is mainly responsible for research on the chain of industries such as crude oil prices, oilfield mining, oil processing, and refining polyesters, as well as investment assessment for the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Sinda Asset Management. The 19th new component was not, was not, and would not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.