Deep South Circuit (002916) Electronic short-term performance pressure, pcb taps active in rebound period, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: 2021h1, the company achieved operating income of $5.88 billion, a 0.6 per cent decline in the same year, and the return to the motherland of 2021h1:1) at the end of the collection, the largest share of the main pcb business was the result of a 13.9 per cent decline in data centres and motor electronics as a result of the expected impact of the construction of the 5g base station in the first half of the 21st year.
Successfully and continuously optimized product structure; the global semiconductor industry led to the maintenance of high-speed envelopes with a unique “3-in-one” business model and efficient industrial strategization. For more than 30 years, the company has been working on pcb, focusing on electronic connectivity, creating a unique “technology-based, customer-friendly” business.
“3-in-one” business layouts. Companies have the combined manufacturing capacity to provide “samples of small, medium and medium batches”, value chain-wide services such as programme design, manufacturing, electronic assembly, microassembly and testing, and a professional and efficient one-stop solution for customers.
• The company's many initiatives go hand in hand and actively resist market risks. The epidemic has resulted in pressure on the upstream supply chain, and price increases for bulk commodities and raw materials have become widespread. Companies improve operating efficiency and reduce costs through initiatives such as optimizing product structures, promoting intelligence, manufacturing landings, etc.
The new generation of server platforms in the central area, whitley, has been gradually upgraded, company-related orders have been imported in the first half of 2021, and the share of high-technology difficult products has continued to rise. The technical capability of fc-csp products in the envelope-plating business has continued to improve, the customer import process has been smooth, and orders have been growing faster.
A firm foundation has been laid for follow-up. Companies are moving in an orderly way toward the intellectual development and transformation of the main product lines of their operations, focusing on the development of digital modelling, precision analysis, and so on, leading to data connectivity from design, production, logistics and services.
1 Printed circuit board tap, continuing to deepen the layout of the “Three Ones” Deep South Electric Co. Ltd. was established in 1984 with a registered capital of 489 million yuan, mainly for the design, development and manufacture of high-school printed circuit boards, with product applications centred on communications equipment, with a focus on data centres (including servers),
The company has been working on building “World-class integrated electronic circuit technology and solutions” with the strategic layout of “3-in-one” contributing to the long-term development of deep-south electricity: a strong development of its “technology-like” encapsulation at the same time as it is strengthening its leading role in printing circuit boards at the core of interconnectivity.
Baseboard operations and “customers of co-source” electronics. Currently, the company has a long-standing and stable partnership with many of the world's leading manufacturers of communications equipment and medical equipment, and has become the core of the company's three business focus areas, with continuous breakthroughs in the area of segmentation.
In this context, both the company's pcb operations and its enveloped base-plate operations have seen a negative growth, with the IEC operations having had 1) pcb operations: a deep focus on the communications market, and the company's rapid entry into markets such as data centres and auto-electronics. The company's printing circuit boards generated $8.31 billion in business income, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the same period, representing the company's total operating income.
71.6 per cent, with a Māori rate of 28.4 per cent, had no negative impact on the company even with the adjustment of the demand in the communications market, which had been disrupted by the external environment. The company ' s market structure had been further optimized, it had performed well in such markets as data centres and automobiles and electronics, purchase orders.
The company ' s enveloped base-plate operations generated revenues of $1.54 billion, an increase of 32.7 per cent, or 13.3 per cent of the company ' s total operating income: the Maori rate was 28.1 per cent, while the company ' s performance remained at a high level while operating indicators remained stable in a global environment characterized by a relatively tight capacity of the enveloped base-plate.
3) IEC operations: Accelerating the Development of Markets such as Medical Care, Automobiles and others. The realization of IEC operations generated revenues of $1.16 billion, a fall of 4.2 per cent from the same year, representing 10.0 per cent of the company ' s total operating income, and the Māori rate of 14.6 per cent.
Figure 2: The company’s main course of development, the company’s equity structure is concentrated, and on several occasions employees are encouraged to strengthen the foundations for long-term development. The company’s actual control is China’s air travel.
Air Industries Group Ltd., a central state-owned management agency, holds 61.6% of the company’s shares directly or indirectly. In the top ten shareholders, the remaining shareholders held less than 1% of the shares except for 67.05% of the shares of the first major shareholder, China International Holdings Ltd., and 3.23% of the second largest shareholder, Hong Kong Central Settlement Ltd. (Land Holdings).
The company’s main business consists mainly of printing circuit boards, sealing boards, electronic assembly chains and other product revenues. In terms of collection structure, in 2020, the company’s printed circuit board products earned $8.31 billion, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the same period.
(b) Other business income amounted to RMB 590 million, an increase of 38.4 per cent, 2021h1, a company printing circuit of RMB 100 million, an increase of 45.8 per cent and an increase of 18.6 per cent; and EPF revenue of RMB 670 million, an increase of 14.5 per cent.
In terms of Māori structure, in 2020, Māori was 28.4 per cent for printing circuit boards, 78.2 per cent for Māori; 28.1 per cent for seal boards and 14.3 per cent for Māori; and 14.6 per cent for IUPAC, of which business income fell for the first time in 2019, an increase of 38.0 per cent for the same period.
The dollar increased to 1.43 billion yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 51.7 per cent, of which 76.0 per cent in 2019 and a five-year increase over the same period. In the first half of 2021, the indicators of corporate operating income and net profits attributable to parent companies declined from the same period last year, owing to supply shortages and price hikes in the industry and pressures from the external environment.
Changes in the business environment, improving the efficiency of companies through measures such as product structural optimization and improved quality control capabilities, while at the same time addressing risks by strengthening supply chain management capacities through continued and deeper partnerships with suppliers. 1) Cash flow from operating activities: from 2016 to 2020, net cash flow from corporate operations as a whole maintained growth momentum,
Net currents have fallen slightly behind in 2018 and re-emerged into fast growth in 2019 and 2020. In 2021h1, the company's operations have declined. In 2020, the firm's net ratio is now 1.3, an increase in the same year. In 2021h1, the firm's net ratio is now 1.5, compared to the previous year: in the medium and long term, the pcb sector will remain stable, driven by demand from downstream emerging industries.
The company pcb operations were affected by the construction of the 5g base station in the first half of the year, with revenues falling on a year-on-year basis, the construction of the 5g base is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year, the pcb operations are expected to rebound robustly, and we expect the company ' s 21-23 pcb operations are expected to expand.
We expect a 40% increase in sales of the company's enveloped base plate over the 21-23 year period, with the Māori rate remaining constant during the reporting period as well as a re-allocation of the company's electronic loading union operations with a new global crown epidemic and a readjustment in the communications market demand.
The impact, through active and coordinated cooperation with clients and suppliers, is that the company has been able to improve risk management in the supply chain more effectively, and we have selected four mainstream comparable companies, namely, profit technology, congener electronics, Osconn and super-hwa technology, table 2021: comparable corporate valuations.
1) Risks of macroeconomic volatility: 2) The global new crown epidemic has repeatedly caused downstream demand fluctuations. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.