The three-quarter review of the 2021 Warthai Securities (601688) report: The deepening of the wealth management transition, the steady expansion of investment, the growth of performance driven by wealth management and heavy asset operations.
There was a significant increase in profitability, with the net return on maternity exceeding the level of last year ' s full year and achieving a weighted roe 8.31 per cent, an increase of 1.27 pct over the previous year, close to the weighted roe (8.61 per cent). Its wealth management and asset-intensive operations were the main drivers of performance growth.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved significant increases in revenue from brokering, investment, capital management, credit, self-employment, wealth management operations. Brokering and credit operations were the first two operations to increase the company. Together, they recorded a significant increase of 34.82 per cent, accounting for total operating income.
33.33% compared to 6.00pct in the same period last year, the overall transformation of wealth management has been more successful. As of 29 October, the total value of assets of the Southern Fund, in which companies are participating, had reached $989,457 million, the fourth largest in the industry.
At the same time, as one of the first companies to be eligible for pilot capital investment, the Chinese Securities Fund has been on the line for one year, gaining a pre-emptive advantage in the industry.
Financial assets continue to expand in size. The increase in corporate self-employment income has been due on the one hand to an increase in the size of financial assets, which, as at 30 September 2021, had increased by 331.08 per cent over the same period.
On the other hand, the rate of return on corporate investment is relatively stable, with a “investment rate of return = net return on investments/funds Investment proposal: companies responding to current industry trends, managing wealth and concentrating on capital operations, coupled with greater profitability, driven by technological empowerment.
The Division maintains a “holding” rating for current valuations and stock prices.