The traditional business climate is high and the market share of heavy-card engines has risen significantly: companies moved over the reporting period with 300 indexes of relative depth.
With 671,000 sales engines, 42.8 per cent more than the previous year, the market share rose by 3.2 to 32.4 per cent from 339,000 heavy card engines; 802,000 sales gear boxes grew by 32.4 per cent compared to 32.4 per cent.
At the same time, strategic high-end products continue to function, with large cylinder engines earning $520 million, an increase of 24.2 per cent over the same period; high-end hydraulics achieve domestic revenues of $290 million.
The company’s traditional and new energy sources go hand-in-hand with the construction of 20,000 fuel-cell engines and reactor production lines, in addition to fuelwood power, which works with the Swiss Speed Group strategy to further extend fuel power vertically.
The chain layout of the pool industry has created a full chain testing capability covering the hydrogen fuel cell “Fundamental Materials - Single Batteries - Reactors - Critical Parts - Engines - Power Systems - Whole Vehicle”. According to ggii, a total of 481 hydrogen fuel cell vehicles were delivered on the domestic market in January-July 2021.
Of the 401 hydrogen fuel cell vehicles that were delivered, 50% of the fuel cell heavy-cards were delivered, including 152 self-loading vehicles, 48 tractors, and 1 dust truck. In the second half of 2021, the domestic hydrogen fuel cell heavy-carrying order is expected to reach 2,000, which is a share listing company involving hydrogen.
Capable of heavy cards, fuelwood power is expected to rise to hydrogen energy after demonstration of the urban pool list. Overseas business contributions have increased significantly, supply chain solutions have performed well: overseas holding companies kionggroupag (“Kaisu”) performed well on various business indicators during the reporting period, achieving sales revenue.
€4,968 million, an increase of 26.5 per cent over the same period, especially in the supply chain, represented by Dematek, a significant increase of 52.8 per cent in the sales of solutions; net profit of €290 million, an advantage of technological reserves in the context of the six-largest position, double carbon, and the future of Levo in agricultural machinery
Longness and the future of hydrogen-energy heavy cards, maintaining the company’s “growth” rating. Risk factors: less than expected demand in the logistics industry; less than expected research and development of core technologies; less than expected fuel cell policies; less than expected heavy-card demand.