The Sini Hill Billows have a strong edge and a steady increase in performance, a revival of overseas operations and a steady increase in performance.
\triangleright net parent profit increased by 33.75 per cent and 37.42 per cent, respectively, up by 20h1 compared to the same year, and the cumulative sales of the subsidiary ' s heavy weight cards increased by +32.4 per cent.
+42.8 per cent, +32.4 per cent and +19.5 per cent respectively, of which 32.4 per cent, 74.9 per cent and 74.9 per cent are heavy card engines and heavy card gear units, respectively
Profitability improves and costs control improves. 2021h1, net interest rate of the company, circulation a/total equity (billions): engine products have a significant advantage. Corporate engines sell more than 110 countries and more than 100 countries around the world.
At the same time, the company continuously upgrades its technological advantages by issuing the world’s first basic share of revenue (in dollars/units):
(c) Net asset rate of return (%) for “total hydraulic power, total cvt power, total new energy power generation” continuously breaching “total hydraulic power generation, total energy power generation” using power systems as a core;
On the one hand, companies insist on innovation-driven, launching a new generation of high-end product platforms, Dronx 6000, and autopilot in different settings.
The solution ' s sic-pilot platform and the steady advancement of the heavy-card-enhanced, quality-detection energy enhancement project; on the other hand, the company built on new business patterns, new energy sources, new technology, a high-quality track, and built on a combination of R & D, testing, testing, testing, testing, etc.
The fuel cell industry, which operates 29 fuel cell bus lines throughout the country, actively deploys smart logistics through overseas holding companies. Technology leads to the prospect of a sustained expansion of corporate competitive advantage, supporting sustained growth in corporate performance.
Investment proposal: Deep Farmer Development based on new business, new energy sources, new technology, China, China, 28 Sin Rixi Street, West City, Beijing
Keeping up with the innovation drive and the continued penetration of products at the higher end, it is hoped that the profitability will continue to increase, with the expansion of the intercentre on the 7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.