Events: In the mid-2018 report issued by the Big Japan Sea Group, the company achieved business income of $17,681 million in the first half of 2018, an increase of 21.67 per cent compared to the previous year, which was attributed to the public.
The net profit of the shareholders of the Great China Group (002311.sz) was $60 million, an increase of 15.75 per cent in the same year, net profit of $577 million, an increase of 15.83 per cent in the same year, and net cash from operating activities \triangleright
In the first half of the year, the industry was in a bad environment, and the company feeder industry grew in reverse. In the first half of the year, the feed industry was hit by weak demand due to low downstream farming, and the combination of a policy of protection against recycling and demolition, the impact of trade frictions in the US and China on the price of raw materials and the overall rise in the cost of the main raw materials, and pressure on the feed industry increased significantly, not only because some small and medium-sized enterprises had difficulty running their business, but also because of their withdrawal from the market, while some large enterprises faced weak growth and even a decline in sales, a decline in Maori, a decline in the price of the main raw materials, and a marked increase in pressure on the feed industry.
Losses in profits. The company’s feed business has been growing in reverse, with a significant increase in the sale of all types of feed products and in the amount of Māori. During the reporting period, the company achieved 4.56 million feed sales, Liu Xiao’s Research Assistant, an increase of 33.57 per cent, and the increase in the volume was mainly due to the optimization of the feed product structure (e.g., the increase in the share of high Māori aquaculture), the advantages in the size of raw material purchases, and procurement.
In late April, prices of bulk water products began to fall sharply, with Chinese grassfish prices falling by $2/kg on the same scale, and Chinese scavenger fish \triangleright \triangleright.
Prices fell by $3/kg over the same period, and by more than 30%. Large-scale aquaculture production in many areas was rapidly reduced or even lost. Farming was hot. The feeder industry never grew older. 2018.4 The demand for general water feed fell sharply. Unlike ordinary water products, middle- and high-quality water products such as lobsters, California bass, raw fish, etc. were consumed by the country’s residents.
The company has actively adjusted its product structure to the same level of water feed sales in the first half of the year as it did in the first half of the year.
The growth rate was 26.57%, of which the relatively high-end inflation of Maori maintained a high growth rate of 40%, with a stable and profitable rate of production. In addition to steady growth in high-occupancy markets, such as raw fish and sea bass, high-end feed inflation in companies increased by 100-300% in varieties such as beaks, yellowfish, and quarries in California.
Pigs are not afraid of low breeding, and the reverse is rising. The prices of live pigs have been falling rapidly since mid-March, falling down to 10 yuan/kg in mid-May. \triangleright has recovered steadily. Between March and the end of the reporting period, there has been a deep loss of pig farmers, a decline in farm willingness, a significant reduction in the number of pig stocks, and demand for pig feed.
The industry has been significantly affected by the sharp decline in Sinda Securities. The firm’s pig-powder business grew sharply, with the same volume of pig-powder sales increasing by 68.56% in the first half of the year. The company was the first company in the market to offer farm-raising services.ltd
In Beijing, the lead company in the 9th House of the City Street in the West Side, based on sustained investment in pig feed in recent years (including product technology research and development, expansion of marketing services, investment in veterinary vaccine services, capacity-building, etc.), the competitiveness of the company's pig feed products has increased significantly, with the company's pig feed core market growing by more than 30 per cent in the first half of the year.
Markets such as Vietnam, Sichuan, Yunnan, Shandong, Hunan, Jiangsu are also growing at a high rate, leading to market replication and more flowering. We believe that companies will continue to increase the growth of pig-food operations through comprehensive farming technology services that will accelerate access to customers and effectively increase their viscosity.
Worried by the outbreak of h7n9 after the Spring Festival, the farmers maintained a tight bridging attitude in January-April, the stock level was running low, and the demand for feed continued to fall from the same base when it fell more than last year; it only gradually recovered after the high outbreak in May, and the demand for feed improved. In the first half of the year, the company seized on the opportunity to transfer the farm area to expand the new market for the owners of the main farm, while following the development of the new market for aquatic materials, pig layouts, and the development of the new market.
In the first half of the year, the production of poultry grew at a steady rate of 9.36%. Farming operations continued to expand, under pressure from low-activity influences performance. Corporate farming insisted on a development strategy that reduced costs first and then scaled up.
In the first half of the year, the pig farming business suffered an overall loss of about $60 million. In the current situation, without taking into account the risk factors of the epidemic, the growing scale of the pig farming industry is increasing, with the increase in effective capacity leading to a downward cycle and, in the long run, as the production capacity of the industry is growing faster, it is expected to withdraw.
In the first half of the year, the company generated $270 million, a year-on-year increase of 26.69%, with a Māori ratio of over 50%. With strong R & D power, the firm is increasingly competitive, and the domestic market is growing steadily, while in recent years it has been growing steadily in the south-east.
In the first half of the year, the company expanded the production, marketing, and significantly improved water treatment, bait supply, bioprophylaxis, quality control and production efficiency, effectively controlled production costs and significantly increased profitability. 3) In the first half of the year, the public sector earned $1.866 billion from trade operations, a decline of 23.39%, and in the previous half, a decrease of 3.04%, a decline of 0.59pt. This was mainly due to US trade in the first half of the year.
Persistent escalation has led to greater volatility in the prices of raw materials, such as soybeans, and domestic monetary policy adjustments have led to significant increases in the cost of capital and volatility in foreign exchange markets, with companies reducing the scale of raw material trade to contain risk. Fourteen times. We maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies.
Risk factors: 1) The risk of the spread of swine fever in Africa. From the first outbreak of swine fever in Africa on August 3 to the latest outbreak in Wenzhou on August 17, four outbreaks have occurred in two weeks, from the north-east to the centre-east to the south-east, with a national spread. The analysis of the impact of the epidemic in Africa is divided into two areas.
In the first case, the epidemic has been effectively controlled, the effects of which are negligible, with small-scale farmers currently taking place, with relatively small numbers of hits; in the other case, the epidemic spreads to the country as a result of the epidemic.
The unknown flow of pre-epidemiological pig sources and similar exposures in other parts of the north-east could not be ignored. If more outbreaks of African swine fever occur in other regions or across the country, there are two possible effects on farming enterprises, one of which is that the company ' s own pig farm is not immune, and the enterprise will suffer a greater blow once it is found to be in a kill zone; the second is that the enterprise ' s own pig farm is not affected by the epidemic, but that the epidemic has resulted in nationwide life.
On the other hand, African pigpest, including other large-scale diseases in the pig-breeding industry, has led to a sharp decline in the size of the storage grid, and the volume of product sales will be under greater pressure for upstream feeders. In each case, there is still a possibility that it will be possible to do so.
In addition, for the first time in our country, the outbreak of swine fever in Africa has shown that new risk factors have emerged in our pig industry, suggesting that investors should take them into account. (2) The risk of large fluctuations in the prices of major raw materials. Forage is mainly based on a variety of staple agricultural products, mainly maize, soybeans, and soybeans. In recent years, there have been strong domestic and international markets for agricultural products, changes in the area of cultivation and harvests in major food-producing countries, changes in storage and subsidy policies, changes in import and export policies, and logistics such as maritime transport.
As trade in agricultural products internationalizes, the factors of price change in agricultural products become more complex, and price volatility increases as a result. Price fluctuations in raw materials are likely to expose companies to the risk of increasing aggregate procurement costs if they fail to grasp changes in the behaviour of raw materials in a timely manner and to manage and manage risks in a timely manner.
Liu Xiao, Assistant for Agricultural Research, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, Master of Finance, Bachelor of Arts in Animal Sciences, University of Agriculture, China, July 2017, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for agricultural research.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.