The feed business has grown steadily, highlighting competitive advantages, and the Big China Group (002311), which reports semi-annually in 2018, achieved $17,681 million in operating income for the company 2018h1, an increase of 21.67 per cent over the previous year; it belongs to the parent company.
Net profits of $600 million, an increase of 15.75 per cent in the same year; diluted eps 0.38, an increase of 15.15 per cent in the same year. \triangleright feed masters increased profitably, with a strong competitive advantage. Companies sold 4.56 million tons of feed in the first half of the year, an increase of 23.24 per cent in the same year.
The same-year growth of 26.57 per cent, with high-end inflated product sales remaining at over 40 per cent of the same rate, particularly in the context of the reverse expansion and increased competitiveness in the context of California's beaks, big yellow fish and peafish. The first half of the year, when the poultry farm was under pressure, the company achieved a 9.36 per cent increase in sales and a higher market share, thanks to the product power of its poultry and the synergies of its multi-grade feed. The firm's core competitiveness and management advantages were demonstrated.
Clearly, the Māori rate of the feed plate has continued to rise to 11.86%, or 0.26 percentage points in comparison with the previous year. We believe that companies have accumulated built-up purchasing advantages, service marketing advantages, product strength and management advantages over the years at a depressed stage in the industry, and that the competitive advantages are more pronounced, with a robust growth in income and profitability for the company, and a significant increase in the market share.
In the first half of 2018, the production of pigs rose by 300,000, or 36.36%. At the same time, the growth in scale was accompanied by a steady increase in the production of pigs.
The cost, the cost of single-headed farming has decreased, but is limited to the lower prices of pigs, and the cost of some of the company's farm construction inputs is high, and the first half of the year has lost 60 million yuan. Since May, the price of pigs has risen sharply, and it is expected that the profits will improve significantly in the next half of the year, and there will be some hope of losing.
During the period of relatively low prices, the growth is constantly declining, preparing well for the next cycle, and in the long term we see the potential for companies to develop in pig farming. The growth of seedlings is robust, with high profitability and performance.
\triangleright and 21.77% increase on the same basis. The company’s aquaculture and kinetic operations are based on years of research and development and accumulation, and have entered the release phase of the transformation of results, raising the Māori rate to over 50%.
In addition to the 34.06% increase in revenue from agricultural sales over the year, the company has taken the initiative to reduce its trade sales by 23.39% over the same year for risk management. We expect the company to sell more than 10 million tons of feed this year, and we appreciate the company’s apparent competitive advantage and subsequent development as a feed tap.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, the research assistant in the investment of Sky-Eye real estate industry will present an overview.
Xing Poetry Month, University of Maryland, USA, Master of Finance, in 2017, joined the East Hing Portfolio for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.