[UNCC] Hualuheungl (600426) - cost-constrained, attractive valuations, historic heights, global return to high oil prices.
(600426) Three-quarterly reviews: corporate conglomerate conglomerates with “one-line” softening multiple co-production advantages, strong resistance to cyclical properties, strong profitability and strong oil prices.
The company's cost advantage for the coal industry is expected to be highlighted, and we have repeatedly stressed that the company has a “one-by-one-line” co-production advantage and a strong cost-control capability, with strong countercyclical properties, and that the company can still rely on it even in circumstances where the industry is not profitable (e.g., q2 ethanol).
Cost control is profitable. Corporate urea is based on coal and coal, and through water gasification, it has advantages in technology, technology, and management of the Hualuheungl, the cost of which is at industry level; the coal-based ethanol process, which was introduced last year, is the same.
(600426) - Performance loop reverse market change can achieve cost controls of more than 13 per cent lower than industry; use of low-cost synthetic gas advantages in combination with benzene to demonstrate strong corporate cost controls
In addition to the adipic acids and polyols, further future layouts have resulted in a new growth point for profits in the intraamide-nylon 6 industry chain. The company’s cost is controlled, the valuation is attractive, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
There's a strong resistance to cyclical fluctuations. As the industry's climate rises, and the next 1.5 million tons of endemide is available, companies, coal prices, product prices, demand is not as high as expected.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.