There's room for a steady profit and a drop in costs, and Wallu Henglium 2019 will be evaluated by the company in the third quarter of 2019, which will yield $10.6 billion in the first three quarters, a 2.2 per cent decrease in the same period; and a net gain.
The ring ratio is almost even: a net gain of $600 million, a 9.9 per cent decline in the ring price, a strong rebound in acetic acid prices and a steady level of corporate profitability, and we calculate the average prices of corporate fertilizers, organochlorine, adipic acids and intermediates, acetic acids and derivatives, polyols, respectively.
Ben’s small upturn: Most products, such as ethanol, are now in the bottom zone, and corporate profitability will increase significantly in the future as prices of products such as urea and acetic acid rebound. Coal prices are on a downward trend, with lower costs contributing to the stability and growth of performance.
Coal is the company ' s main production raw material, and we measure the company ' s annual coal purchases by about 7 million tons, of which the raw material is RMB/tonne, a decrease of 2.6 per cent, which, in the long run, will contribute to the stability and growth of the company ' s performance as the country ' s energy structure is adjusted and environmental protection is strengthened, and the demand for coal as a whole is weaker.
New projects such as 160,000 tons of HSD and 300,000 tons of HFA opened up long-term growth space. New projects such as 500,000 tons of ethanol and 100,000 tons of melamine (phase II) were gradually put into production at the end of last year, making this year ' s important increase in capacity, of which we measured the full cost of ethanol at $35 million to $3600 per ton, which is significantly lower than the line.
As part of the project planning for 1.5 million tons of new materials, the company is currently investing 160,000 tons of HFA and 300,000 tons of HFA and nylon new materials, which are expected to be operational by the end of 2020 and the first half of 2021, respectively. Gradual commissioning of new projects will open up new growth space for the company.
Given the relatively large recent adjustments in commodity prices, such as ethanol, we have a small downscaling of corporate profitability projections, which project the risks of excessive and unexpected fluctuations in prices of company products and raw materials, and of new construction projects at a slower pace than expected.
The advantage is that the new project opens up new space 2. Warauhingl (60426): 500,000 tons of ethanol test products, benefiting from the rise in international oil prices.
The company ' s financial statement data projections are summarized. Tumong was graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing) with a special specialization in chemical engineering and crafts, and postgraduate studies in mineral processing (coalification). In July 2011, Li Xing, Ph.D. in Materials, Beijing University, third team member in the new wealth-rich non-ferrous metals industry in 2017, joined the civil and chemical securitization team in December 2018.
Wang Jingjian, B.A. in Economics, Wuhan University, and Master of Finance, Nanjing University, joined the civil and political securitization and chemical team in July 2018. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, was assured that the data used in the report would be derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions would not be influenced by any third party.