The Center for Resource and Environmental Research, the cost-control hub, the multi-chain layout and fragmentation cycle, the company issued three quarterly reports and realized $10,611 million in operating income in the first three quarters, a decline in the same year.
Product price fluctuations are evident, leading to changes in corporate profitability: three quarters of the year, reverberated by a weak overall demand downstream, a marked rebound in the prices of synthetic ammonia for the company's industrial chain layout, a relatively low price for methanol, a partial compression of the price range for corporate layout products, and maintenance of a high-profile fertilizer production in the prior period.
Products enter the low demand season, product prices fall sharply, prices of acetic acid are rewinded more vulnerable than in previous years, and they remain at historically low levels, with the weak adjustment of central and some downstream products reducing the profitability of enterprises, superimposed the price of raw materials for benzene and acrylic, partially raising the cost of production of the product, and three quarters of the company.
1. " Effective regulation of downstream product production, diversification of risk " , with a slightly lower profit-level ring ratio. However, benefiting from the company ' s multi-dimensional industrial chain layout, products such as acetic acid and ethanol slowly rebounded after they hit bottom.
“Cost control advantages are prominent, and it is once again evident that companies are largely flat, partially dispersing the risk of price volatility of their products.” High R&D inputs drive firms to “reduce efficiency gains” and good cost control increases the business profit center.
In 2019, the company continued to reduce efficiency gains in the existing industrial chain, continuing with high levels of R & D inputs and continuous upgrading of the company's production processes through technological optimization.
There has been a significant increase in R & D inputs from firms over the past three quarters, where spending on R & D costs has exceeded the level of inputs over the past several years, reduced costs through technology optimization, continued to widen the cost gap between competitors in the same industry, and sustained growth in the profit center of firms in volatile product price cycles.
An extension of the industrial chain layout of the project is expected to result in a double increase in value added and cost optimization of the product. The public layout of the H2A and H2A1 project, which expands to products such as cyclohexol to cyclohexone-H6 and not only to existing gasification platforms.
Synthetic gas surplus can increase the value added of products, while creating technological advantages for new projects, leading to technological upgrading of the original industrial chain, optimizing the cost and value added of the corporate outsourcing chain as a whole, and eventually achieving a steady increase in corporate profitability.
The company gasification platform has an extremely high cost advantage, the multi-dimensional industrial chain layout effectively reduces the price volatility of products, the prospect of a double increase in product value added and cost advantage in construction projects, and the risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices based on the product wave: the risk of a significant deterioration in downstream demand: the price of the end product has fallen sharply.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment