The mining project is moving ahead in an orderly fashion, with the lithium electricity industry chain multi-lined, and the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799) reporting that a significant increase in the price of cobalt on a year-on-year basis is driving growth in the first half of the year: the company's 2018h1 Māori.
Two hundred million yuan, an increase of 1.36 billion yuan over the same period last year, has doubled Māori. Of the 1360 million Māori, the cobalt product plate contributed 1.230 billion yuan, or 90.5 per cent, as the absolute backbone of growth in the performance of the Department; and the three-dollar drive plate contributed 100 million cents.
Gains. Revenue from sales of 2018h1 cobalt products was $4.79 billion, an increase of 72.6 per cent in the same year, and the high rate of income growth was mainly due to a significant increase in the same price of cobalt (68 per cent in the first half of the year for the 1 # electrolytic cobalt in the Yangtze) and a slight increase of 4.7 per cent in the sales of corporate cobalt products.
At the cost end, thanks to the higher self-sufficiency of the company ' s cobalt-mining resources, the cost of the 2018h1 cobalt product plate increased by 45 per cent on a year-on-year basis, far less than the increase in income, the Māori rate of the plate increased by 9.6 percentage points, and the aaaaluminium shares (000807)
47.9 per cent in the area of the pre-triad drive-blocks, the growth in product production and sales led to a sharp increase in income over time: 720 million yuan in block 201, an increase of 355.1 per cent in the same year; and the production of 6988 tons, aaa_Engyan shares (600114) of the same year.
The increase in management costs and financial costs was higher, with an increase of $270 million and $140 million, respectively, and aaadan lithium industry (002460), some of which was overstretched during the first half of the year. The increase in management costs was mainly due to the increase in research and development costs and the increase in research and development costs.
_aaa_Semour and Resources (600392), salary increases for employees, while financial increases are due to interest charges and devaluation of the renminbi, the orderly advancement of the mining project, the multi-lined layout of the lithium electricity industry chain: during the reporting period, the company revolved around lithium
Various projects on the layout of the entire chain of electricity are proceeding in an orderly manner. In the case of mining extraction and smelting of processing capacity, (1) the company Cdm Pe527 has achieved production compliance: (2) the mikas upgrading project (phase I) has advanced in an orderly manner.
The project to build 15,000 tons of electric copper and 9,000 tons of cobalt hydroxide (phase II) has also been launched and is expected to be produced by year end; 3) the expansion of ammonium sulfide in the county base has been completed; (4) the expansion of cobalt sulfate in the district headquarters has been initiated during the pre-natal period.
LG Chemistry completed the contract site for four joint venture projects, opened up the new situation of open corporate cooperation, and will effectively integrate the technical and market advantages of the two sides in such areas as tri-dollar pre-disposals, tri-dollar orthodoxy materials, car lithium, ion power cells: 2) considered by the company's board of directors.
The bill agreed to invest $6.37 billion in the construction of a new energy materials smart manufacturing base, designed to produce 150,000 tons of lithium-powered three-dollar pre-drive new materials. Cobalt prices are short-term and vulnerable to medium- and long-term supply and demand patterns: starting in April, short-cycle demand runs.
The impact of factors such as weakness and the tension in downstream financial chains, which began to rewind, as did the recovery of offshore and offshore cobalt prices; in May-July, the price of cobalt increased when downstream manufacturers bought more or did not buy more and fell, coupled with the pressure on traders and institutions to make profits. At the current end of the demand, the stock levels of downstream positive material enterprises were not high, but they were not high.
At the supply level, the production of cobalt salt by some smelters is in a state of loss due to the fall in prices, both within and outside the country, and the overall rate of operation of the national cobalt smelters is low, at around 6-7%.
Low-lying cobalt demand, such as power cells, has yet to recover, and cobalt prices or maintain vulnerability. However, in the medium-to-long term, in a context where the pattern of high monopoly over the supply of cobalt-mining raw materials remains unchanged, the global supply of cobalt is limited, while the domestic and foreign sales of new energy vehicles remain high.
Long-term trends, with new models of new energy cars in the country in the second half of the year, consumer electronics, the advent of the season of consumption and seasonal recovery of overseas demand, consumption demand and power in 30 areas, battery consumption demand is expected to regenerate and drive up-and-down industrial chain stock recovery, from
Prospective earnings and investment proposals: based on performance reporting by the company and the trend in cobalt prices in the first half of the year ... Values are low, and future increases in cobalt prices will drive the company’s peps growth while at the same time driving the company’s growth.
Remediation of the valuation, so we maintain the “buy-in” rating. Risk factor: significant decline in the price of cobalt metal: less than expected releases from product production