We've made a huge leap forward to overseas markets, and we've made a semi-annual financial review of the Chinese-American cobalt industry.
In 2018, h1, the company achieved a gross operating income of $6,783 million, an increase of 79.05 per cent over the same period; a net profit of $1,508 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 123.38 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $1,503 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 125.50 per cent over the same period, resulting from fluctuations in cobalt prices, which led to a significant increase in corporate revenue.
Cobalt prices have again risen significantly as a result of the supply-demand relationship. Of this, the average price of Cobalt trioxide 2018h1 was $459.38/kg, an increase of 47 per cent in the same year. Tons, an increase of 4 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively, in the same year. The increase in sales of Cobalt products, combined with higher prices, was the main reason for the significant growth in corporate revenue.
\triangleright, in an effort to improve competitiveness, actively extended its operations to the downstream Lithium Batteries Trinity Driver, which, by the end of 2017, had achieved the manufacturing capacity of 20,000 tons per year. 2018h1. The company's trinity drive produced 6988 tons, sold 6383 tons, and increased by 90% and 225%, respectively.
The rise in the volume of sales is the second most important driver of the growth of corporate revenue.
Eastern source of wealth and wisdom 2018h1, a joint venture with Korea ' s lg, posco, Joaquin New Energy Materials (Yakin State) Ltd. (which holds 51 per cent of shares), Lei-Yo New Energy Materials (No tin) Ltd. (which holds 49 per cent of shares), Zhejiang Hua-Yantura New Energy Co. Ltd. (which holds 60 per cent of shares)
The joint venture is mainly engaged in research and development and manufacturing of triad drivers and triad materials. Through marriage with lg, posco, the company widens the distribution channels for downstream operations, while fully absorbing each other’s technological advantages in material manufacturing and improving the competitiveness of its products.
In recent years, the sales of corporate cobalt products have remained at around 35% in the country, the leading company in this area.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
Head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of securities industry research experience, good at capturing the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing for the research assistant Liu Huixia
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.