Postal bank incident: 28 March, the annual report 2023 was published by the Postal Bank and collected, pre-financed, net profit earned by the mother 3,425.1, 117.9, 86.270 billion, of which 2.3 per cent, 7.0 per cent and 7.0 per cent, respectively, were realized throughout the year.
Positioned as a service to the Three Farmers, urban and rural residents, and small and medium-sized enterprises, PBS is committed to providing services to the most dynamic client groups in China's economic transition and to accelerating the flow of data-driven, collaborative and coordinated channels.
A new retail bank with zero-sum connections and efficient operations is being transformed. The bank’s booming booms are rising, with counter-breeding profits growing.
In the face of China's economic and social development, the income end: net interest income is growing in a positive way, and wealth management is growing rapidly. In 2023, the Postal Bank has a promising period of strategic opportunity, and the Bank will pursue new developments in depth.
The increase in revenue of 34.251 billion is 2.3 per cent over the previous three quarters. More specifically, the idea is to deepen reform innovations across the board and accelerate the transformation of “specialization, integration, lightization, digitization, intensification”.
The growth of net interest income “to be replenished” is being achieved in a sustained increase in the economic performance of service entities and in the capacity of service clients, in an effort to build customer trust, distinctiveness and robustness.1
Security, innovation-driven, high-value large retail businesses Net interest income of $281.8 billion in 2023 increased by 3 per cent in comparison with the previous three quarters A slight decrease in the negative growth in wealth management and other non-interestable income performance.
After a one-time factor in the transformation of products, the median gain was 12.1 per cent, of which, in the larger context of last year ' s capital market shocks and declining revenues in the wealth management industry, corporate wealth management business income registered a reverse increase in total equity/currenta shares (in thousands)
Revenues from fair value changes totalled $31.44 billion, a 20.2 per cent increase over the same period, and financial market business performance surged at the cost end: the increase in savings agent fees held up the cost-earning ratio and the net profit from the provision of anti-breeding was rising.
This is the result of a faster increase in deposits and savings agency fees at the proxy point. The profit falls by 38 pct on a year-on-year basis before the provision is delayed. The net profit increases by 1.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis under the provision for anti-breeding, and the growth of credit continues at a faster pace than in the previous three quarters.
At the end of 2023, the balance of the deposit bank loan was increased by 0.9 pct at a higher rate than at the end of September. A new $938.46 billion was added for the year, an increase of 18.213 billion for the year. In terms of new loans, the difference between the public and retail shares of the deposit bank was 2.01 per cent in 2023, a decrease of 4bp compared to the previous three quarters, a decrease of 19bp in the same year.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom has dropped slightly less than the industry average (the commercial bank net difference fell by 22bp to 6bp in 2023).
Pressures, but given the further release of cost-cutting dividends from end-of-debt deposits, it is expected that the narrow interest differential will lead to an overall stabilization of asset quality and some fluctuations in the area of partial breakdown, based on a breakdown of loan asset quality: 1 pair of public asset quality overall and a negative rate in the real estate sector
At the end of 2023, the rate of non-performing public loans was 0.55%, a decline of 2bp in the same year. In this case, the overall quality of public assets was stable and credit card failures were high. At the end of 2023, the rate of non-performing individual loans was 1.71%, a decrease in the same year; the rate of poor operating loans was 1.73%, a slight increase of 3bp.
By way of illustration, credit card undergeneration is high (3.54%). Investment proposal: Retail banks are distinctive, accelerating the construction of five different growth poles.
At the same time, the firm client base and liability advantage were determined. Companies maintained a strategic positioning of retail banks, deep-rooted “three farmers” – small and inclusive – and accelerated the construction of five differential growth poles. In 2023, credit was released faster in the context of insufficient demand for effective credit; net income differentials were maintained at a better level of business; and wealth management was maintained at a higher level.
The outlook is that corporate credit is expected to grow faster in 2024, with a narrow margin of interest, steady growth in income, robust asset quality, and a smooth release of profits with sustainable support for real-economy claims.
Source of the financial boom in the East: 3q23 and 2023 splits in the performance of the Postal Bank
Figure 6: Unperforming loan rate of the Bank of the United States of America at the end of 2023 by 1 bp to 7 per cent by year and 38 pct to the source of financial prosperity in the East by year and year 2023 by year
Postal Bank (601658.sh): Growth of the growth loop and overall stability of asset quality -- 2023 Annual Report.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual boom in the East is reported by the East Hing Securities Corporation.
Postal Bank (601658.sh): Increase in the speed of collection and increase in the overall stability of asset quality — the year 2023 report certificates and no guarantee that the information and recommendations contained will be changed. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute offers or offers for the sale of the securities in question, and the investors make any resulting changes.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
It may also provide or seek to provide services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.