q1, the company achieved business income of $89,430 million (+1.44 per cent, yoy), resulting in a net profit of $25,926 million (1.35 per cent, yoy).
Net interest income grew steadily, with surrogate savings more rigidly. q1 realized net interest income of $71,573 million, or 3.13 per cent more, and the growth rate remained high, largely due to a steady expansion in asset size and a slowdown in net interest differentials.q1 lost 1.35 per cent more than the return to its parent, significantly slower than the increase in net interest income, mainly due to agency savings costs.
q1 management costs increased by 7.61% on a year-on-year basis, significantly faster than revenue growth. On the intermediary side, they were affected by the “report-a-comparison” policy, resulting in a significant decline in agent insurance income, resulting in a net revenue of fees and commissions.
In response to the impact of the fall in revenue from proxy insurance operations, the Postal Bank adopted a countervailing strategy to mitigate the decline in income from insurance operations by increasing the penetration of insurance products among clients.
The size of the company’s assets has grown faster, reaching a total of trillion yuan. In the new loan structure, retail loans have increased by $17,954 million, or 45.81%, and public loans have been added.
On the other hand, the company insisted on a “volume price risk” balance, with credit differential growth of $531 trillion, representing the balance of loans, the Postal Bank (601658): a business resilience ratio of 62.34 per cent, an increase of 0.35 percentage points from the end of the previous year. The main focus was on the “two small” areas of “three farmers” and micro-enterprises.
In terms of retail lending, the Postal Bank has been steadily pursuing a differentiated growth strategy, focusing on the “two small” and consumer lending in rural areas, and achieving rapid growth in individual microloans. As of the end of q1, the balance of individual microloans stood at $1.52 trillion, an increase of nearly $130 billion compared to the end of the previous year.
On the other hand, companies have responded positively to policy calls for faster growth in the size of small businesses and corporate lending in such priority areas as dynamic manufacturing, infrastructure development, specialization, and green finance. The lower size of the discount is expected mainly to result from better demand for public loans and a corresponding reduction in the incentive to discount the discount.
The debt end advantage has been maintained, with a single-quarter interest margin having recovered for the first time in recent years. With the impact of heavy pricing at the beginning of the year and interest-reductions on stock, the company net difference continues to narrow with the industry: q1 net interest difference is 1.92%, a decrease of 17bp over the same period. As the cost of deposits has been controlled, the q1 bank interest gap has been reduced more generally, and the company net difference is consistent with industry trends: q1 net income difference
The decline in the ratio ratio was more consistent (the previous decline in the rate of return on assets was significantly greater than the rate of interest on liabilities), and the lower interest on bank accounts was more synchronized, with positive implications for post-interest differentials. The quality of assets remained stable, and the rate of delay and concern was consistent with industry trends.q1, end of the month, the rate of non-performing loans by the Postal Bank, and the rate of overdue loans.
The ratio of loans to loans of concern is 0.84 per cent, 0.99 per cent and 0.71 per cent, respectively, an increase of 1 bp, 8 bp and 3 bp respectively. The rate of excess and increase in interest is consistent with industry trends and reflects the impact of macroeconomic fluctuations on the quality of banking assets. Structurally, the quality of retail loan assets, such as individual microcredits, is under pressure.
At the end of q1, the reserve bank was provided coverage of 326.87 per cent and the ring was reduced by 20.70 pct, mainly by profit forecasting and investment proposals: the bank had a customer advantage in retail, inclusive, tri-farming, green, etc.
At the same time, subject to policy orientation, interest rates on relevant loan varieties or further declines with the market, and the build-up of lpr repricing, the net interest differential is expected to remain under stress. With interest rate adjustments on deposits slowing down, the debt-end pressure is expected to slow.
The company’s history is small, its client base is sound, its risk management is strong, and the quality of its assets is expected to remain excellent. q1 companies have a robust growth in interest collection, middle-level business revenues are negatively affected by the “report-a-lump” impact, surrogate savings costs are small-scale, data information on legal compliance is used, research findings are carefully drawn up, and the report is presented independently and objectively.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.