Postal Bank (601658.sh): Maintenance of receipts
+1.4 per cent; net profit from maternity is 25.930 billion, corresponding to 1.3 per cent, and 1q24 years of roe has been positioned by the Postal Bank to serve “three farmers”, urban and rural residents and small and medium-sized enterprises, committed to the most dynamic clients in China's economic transition
Groups provide services and accelerate the transition to data-driven, channel-collaborative, coverage rate of 326.9% as follows:
It is China that has an excellent asset quality and significant potential for growth, with a higher rate of revenue and net profits than its counterparts, and a smooth scale contribution and a reduced interest gap. First, large retail commercial banks.
During the promising period of strategic opportunity, the Bank will move forward with the new development of 1q24 PSB, with net profits of +1.4 per cent and 1.3 per cent, respectively, performing better than the State-owned concept, deepening reform and innovation across the board and accelerating progress towards “specialization,”
Integrating, lightening, digitization, intensification” transformational development, the main drivers of which are size (+10.2 pct), provision (+3.7 pct), mainly to continuously improve the economic performance of service entities and to invest in improving service clients
Capacity, working to become a customer's trust, distinctiveness, robust safety, innovation-driven, high-value, large retail business, where scale contributions are largely flat in terms of marginal change compared to 23-y; negative spreads and drags.
The ring ratio has been reduced; there has been an increase in non-interest-bearing delays, mainly as a result of a decline in agent insurance income: the contribution of the provision for absconding has declined; the size of the loan has been growing faster and the structure of the loan has been optimized. At the end of the quarter, the loan was higher than at the beginning of the year.
The 52-week equity space (in dollars) is 3.8% higher, and the bill is lower than at the beginning of the year.
Downside pressure. It is expected that, as the deposit matures, the dividend will be further released by the reduction in the interest rate for the prior period; and that, under the policy direction of reducing the cost of the entity ' s combined financing, the interest rate for the deposit may be further reduced.
At the end of the quarter, the non-performing loan rate was 0.81 per cent for 1q24 years, down 4bp from 23y.
At the end of the season, the provision cover of 326.9% was reduced by 20.7 pct; the absolute level of the provision was still ahead.
Investment proposals: Retail banks are distinctive, accelerating the construction of five different growth poles. Postal banks rely on the self-employment plus agency operating model, with nearly 40,000 outlets, numbering the source of Eastern financial prosperity.
At the same time, the firm client base and liability advantages are laid down by the first, deeper depths. At the same time, the company is strategically positioned as a retail bank, deep-deeping in the “three farmers” , microscopic, inclusive, and accelerating the construction of five different growth poles. We anticipate a combination of quarterly performance and the current macro-business environment.
Growth, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. Source of Eastern financial and intellectual boom: 1 q24, net profit per year, +1.4 per cent, 1.3 per cent
Figure 2: Quarterly receipts, pops, net profit increases over the margin, Figure 3: splitting performance of PBS 2023, 1q24, Figure 5: PBN 1q24 net interest difference of 1.92 per cent, 9bp down from 23y
Figure 6: Poor rate at end of quarter, 1 bp increase in interest rate, Figure 7: Decrease in coverage rate by 20.7 pct to end of quarter
The Bank of the Postal Reserve (601658.sh): The harvest has been growing steadily and the difference in interest rates has been smaller than that of our co-workers in the first quarter of 2024.
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
There's a direct or indirect connection between the idea and the idea of the future.
East Hing Securities Co. reported by the Postal Bank (601658.sh): Revenues have been growing steadily, with interest differentials falling slightly less than those of colleagues — the first quarter of 2024 — and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points of view in the text,
The conclusions and recommendations are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute an offer or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide services related to investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.