\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
This represents an increase of $914 million over the same period and a decrease in net cash flows from financing activities, mainly as a result of borrowings; the increase in net cash flows from investment activities is mainly due to the increase in cash received by some subsidiaries in their hedging operations to recover their investments.
\triangleright Zhang Construction Industry Mine copper/alcophate/colytic copper sales were 19.47 / 807 t/39.77 / 39.23 t, respectively
s010522080006 Exploration, extension continues and group assets are injected into service. By the end of 2022, the company had a resource reserve 30.7 tons of new gold metal and 6244 tons of copper metal.
In addition, in accordance with the commitments of the China Gold Group, the Group maintains a deep-seated release of profit dynamics - 2022/04/23.
Gold assets will be injected into listed companies, and some of them will now be hatched by the Golden Group, which will be actively coordinating the injection of gold into listed companies, including Sage gold held by gold mining in Lé County, which has more than 300 tons of mineral gold reserves and is currently in the capital construction phase and is expected to produce gold annually after the completion of the project.
Ten tons, followed by an injection of high-quality assets. Profit predictions and investment proposals: the Fed’s interest-raising cycle is approaching the end, and as the US economy is declining, \triangleright
US monetary policy will gradually enter a interest-reduction cycle, adding up the gold prices of the world’s central banks in the current round, and gold prices are expected to continue to rise. Corporate asset injections are expected to be strong, and gold reserves and production are expected to go into \triangleright.
The year-on-year sales costs are on a par with the year-on-year ratio.
Figure 6: Corporate decline has been significant, with significant reductions in management cost rates Net cash flow has increased year by year and asset liability has declined. Net cash inflows into corporate operations in 2022 amounted to $5,677 million, an increase of $914 million over the same year, mainly from the cash received by subsidiaries for the sale of goods and the provision of services
Increase. The decrease in net cash flows from financing activities is mainly due to reduced borrowing; net cash flows from investing activities are mainly higher if some of the subsidiaries recover their investments from hedging operations. q1,2 gold plus copper molybdenum were driven by two wheels in 2023 and production and sales were stable
Copper removal: revenues of $23.185 billion in 2022, 40.57 per cent, Māori $230 million, Māori: Māori ratio of company ' s main product, Māori ratio of gold to copper electrolytic ratio of Māori to copper mining ratio of other Māori
▪ The ratio of gold to copper to copper to copper to mines has remained essentially the same and the Māori rate has stabilized. Production, 1. Mineral gold: 3 explorations, production expansion continued in 2022, and the group’s assets were injected into the supply period.
The enhanced resource lifeline strategy, with the result of increased deposits of prospecting, was ongoing. By the end of 2022, the company had a resource reserve of 507.3 tons of gold metal, 2.26 million tons of copper metal, 46.96 million tons of molybdenum metal, 27.9 tons of new gold metal reserves and 81,000 tons of copper metal deposits.
Priority projects are progressing well, and production capacity is improving steadily. In 2022, the company invested $101 million in ongoing construction projects, with progress on all three priority projects. 1) The expansion of the Pre-Anse Copper ore Project has been carried out in an orderly manner; 2) the construction and commissioning of the entire Liaoning Dynasty Relocation and Rehabilitation Project is completed in phase 1; 3) the deep mining resources of Inner Mongolia
The successful implementation of the construction project will guarantee the achievement of the company’s production objectives and the achievement of efficiency gains and high-quality development.
High-quality assets are to be injected, bringing growth to the company. The group is currently proposing six resource injections with good prospects, more profitable businesses, including Inner Mongolia Kinta, Ling Ying Mining Co., etc. As of March 2023, Ling Ying Mining Ltd. had completed asset injections and the group will continue to coordinate actively
In addition to promoting the infusion process of the remaining five enterprises, the Ito Gold Group will grow incubation and will continue to put tons in the future, currently in the capital phase, with an expected annual gold production of up to 10 tons after the completion of the project, followed by a high-quality asset focus. The conflict in the Russian Federation has not yet ended, the Silicon Valley Bank incident has led to a global warming of risk avoidance, and the demand for gold continues to rise.
With the Fed’s interest-added cycle approaching the end, US monetary policy will gradually move into a interest-reduction cycle, adding up the gold prices of the world’s central banks over the course of the current round. The price of gold is expected to continue to rise.
In addition, under the Gold Group Injection Scheme, some companies were entrusted with incubating the group, waiting for the rules.
When you mature, there is uncertainty about the growth of the incubation enterprise. If you fail to inject resources in the group, it will have some impact on the distribution of the company’s resources. 3) Mine projects are not as fast as expected.
The expansion of mining production, deep mining resource extraction projects in Inner Mongolia, etc., whose advancement still requires significant human and material resources, may be affected by sudden events such as environmental inspections and recurrent outbreaks, which may lead to the project ' s less advanced than expected, when production is released and the pace of release slows, which will have an impact on profitability.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.