The undervalued gold conglomerate 2023 2004 Keyword: #Increased product prices #Short assets
The gold is the only gold market in the country. The gold is the only mining company in the country that has a controlling interest in gold mining, with an overall Māori rate of 11.49 per cent in 2021, a Māori rate of 6.8 per cent for gold products, a gradual increase in the value of gold and an upward trend in gold prices: in March 2023, US economic data was lower than expected.
The US government’s interest rate has come to an end, as a result of austerity-induced bank risk events. The US debt-length rate of return has not been long-term and short-end rates of return have not been achieved.
The decline to correct the yield curve is inevitable; the real interest rate is the reverse anchor of the gold price, moving down the center, and the gold price rises. The market value of the gold is low and needs to be revalued. In terms of the market value of the production/storage of the gold, the gold is in the middle.
The Department, as the only company, should have a higher valuation level. ▪ High-quality gold reserves have increased, and the group’s resources have been injected: through reorganization of transactions and asset injections, the public has been able to generate a higher level of valuation.
The Division has access to rich gold resources and is replenished by the middle and primary smelters, with a smooth expansion; the acquisition of shares in the Mongolian mining industry, with copper, gold and two-line pulls; the Group ' s commitment to catalyse asset enrichment and profit growth, with the public sector having a strong advantage over multiple lines of operations and resource reserves; and the benefits of multiple replenishments.
The company’s production capacity has grown steadily, and the copper molten business: the acquisition of greater profit margins for the mining industry in Mongolia. After the company’s acquisition of the mining industry in Mongolia, there was a significant increase in profit margins for the company: the production of copper from the company’s mines increased gradually in 2021 and the profits were realized.
The company’s molybdenum mines are mainly in China’s gold group, Mongolia Mining Ltd., with annual production reaching 5860 tons in 2021. The country’s reforms have improved economic efficiency, and equity incentives have boosted confidence: excellence, excellence, and confidence in a steady move forward.
Deepening reforms with significant results; successful implementation of equity incentives with excellent feedback; improvement of effective benefit management and optimization of financial costs, resulting in a significant increase in the quality of profitability. Billion dollars, or 0 per cent/11 per cent per 6 per cent per annum; and net return returns of 22/31/36 billion yuan, respectively.
Gold from Shandong, Hunan, and Silver Thai are comparable companies, yielding an average value of 28/21x for 2023-2024; the company values less than the average for comparable companies. Considering that gold prices continue to move up, the company’s performance is more resilient and valued less, so it covers the first time that the company is rated “buy-in”.
The only gold listed company in China is China Gold Gold Limited (hereinafter referred to as China Gold) which is the first listed company in the country's gold industry and is recognized by industry as “China's gold first share”.
Exploration, extraction, smelting, to the entire industrial chain of production, processing and marketing, constantly improves core competitiveness and creates China's gold first brand.
China Gold and Gold was established on 23 June 2000 by China Gold Group Ltd., the predecessor of China Gold Group Ltd., as co-sponsor of the China Gold General Corporation, in association with six other enterprises, as the only mining listing company in the country currently held ownership of gold mining, and as the Vice-President of the China Gold Association.
1.2. Relying on the China Gold Group, the National Finance Committee (NCC) effectively controlled that, as of 17 April 2023, the majority shareholder in the gold stock was the China Gold Group Limited, which held 45.84 per cent of the shares; China Gold Group Limited, which was held 100 per cent of the shares by the State Property Supervisory Board of the State Council, and the State Finance Committee, which held 100 per cent of the shares.
Figure 1: The company is the real owner of the gold shares in China.The company is the owner of the State Finance Committee (Report until 2021). The company is mainly involved in the geological survey, selection, smelting and management of gold, non-ferrous metals; gold production.
By-product processing, sale, storage, sale of raw materials, fuel, equipment for gold production, research and development of gold production technologies, consulting services, production, processing, wholesale, import and export operations, commodity sales, etc. The company's core products are gold, of which the gold series consists of gold concentrates, alloys and other products such as standard gold.
There are 32 major holding companies under the company’s flag, which are responsible for a number of links, such as gold mining, copper molten mining, gold smelting, etc., with complete industrial chains and reasonable industrial layouts.
In 2021, the company produced 84.98 tons of refined gold throughout the year, compared to the 2020 income structure, which was complemented by revenues from gold. In 2021, the company collected gold.
The business income of the gold business as a whole is on the rise, with a slight decline in 2021 and a similar change in the corresponding Māori rate. The business income of the copper business continued to grow, with an increase of 47.71% over the previous year in 2021, and the overall Māori rate also remained on the rise.
Figure 5: Corporate copper business operating income and Māori rate Figure 4: Corporate gold operating income and Māori rate 2. End-of-the-line interest increases and upward gold price trends
In March 2023, the number of employees in adp in the United States increased by about 145,000, a figure that is lower than generally expected by economists (expected to be 210,000) and less than the 261,000 that were revised in February 2023. In March 2023, the US index of non-manufacturing industries and the number of job vacancies in February were significantly lower than expected.
It shows that the labour market in the United States has cooled; although the unemployment rate has fallen and the hourly wage rise has been higher than expected, it has been more resilient in the United States labour market, and it has still to take time to over-imposed interest-cycle effects.
Figure 7: U.S. pmi downside, although the market expects a 25bp increase in the US in May, the impact of the austerity-induced bank risk event has come to an end. The long-term rate of return on US debt has not been long-term, and the short-end rate of return has fallen to fix it.
The yield curve is the inevitable; real interest rates are the reverse anchor of gold prices, moving downwards, and gold prices are on the rise.
From the point of view of the market value of the production/storage tons, it is possible to measure: 1) production - the lower market value of the tons is gold mining and gold from the top; 2) reserves - the lower market value of the tons is that of gold from the top, gold mining, gold mining from the south of the country and gold from the centre.
The average gold in companies with an overall low annual valuation level is median gold, while the most rapid decline in valuation levels is the accumulation of high-quality gold reserves in gold mining and mountains and the rest of the group's resources are still being injected into 4.1.
Precious metal gold can be of high value as a currency reserve, jewellery and ornamental manufacturing, medical and industrial, while gold is the core business of China, including geological surveying, selection, smelting of gold; processing, marketing of by-products produced from gold; raw materials, fuel, equipment storage, sale for gold production; gold production techniques
Technical research and development, consulting services; international trade, bonded storage, sale of goods; production, processing, wholesale of high-purity gold products; establishment of enterprises and investment projects with self-financing, etc.
First, the holding shareholder, China Gold, 2011 China Gold Group Co. Co., has taken responsibility for the further resolution of competition with China Gold and Gold Co. Ltd.
In Nord, a commitment was made to use five years or so to enable existing properly produced gold mining enterprises to regulate and transfer assets such as mining rights, land, housing, etc. to Chinese gold and gradually eliminate peer competition.