Corporate depth report  Non-ferrous metal industry  gold-priced cattle-market gold-helping gold-value re-engineering  gold (600489)
The company is the only gold mining company in the country to be marketed. The company is a gold extraction and refining company founded by the Chinese Gold Group, the only company in the country to be listed in the gold industry, the main gold, the gold and copper mining, and the gold and copper smelting business.
Twenty-seven gold reserves, 510.5 tons, are the fourth largest in the country. In 2021, the company produced nearly 20 tons of mineral gold, the third largest in the country, accounting for 7.75 per cent of the country ' s total production.
As gold prices and copper prices move up, and the Fed’s high-quality interest-raising cycle for corporate companies ends, the market is expected to warm, and gold prices are expected to enter a new round of cattle. In a high-interest-rate environment, the United States economy’s leading indicators are weak, especially outside the banking boom in March.
The continuing fall in inflation in the United States and the downward pressure on the economy are likely to shift the Fed’s primary objective from reducing inflation to maintaining economic development and financial system stability. In March, the Fed’s 25 basis points of interest increase suggest that the interest increase cycle is over.
The cme interest rate futures show that the market believes that the Fed will start to lower interest rates as soon as the first half of the year ends, in July, and three times in the second half of 2023. After entering the interest-reduction cycle or the expected increase in interest rates, the nominal interest rate of the US debt will drop faster than the expected downwards of the persistent inflation, leading the US.
Real interest rates go down, gold prices are fixed, and gold prices are driven into the cattle market. And, under the influence of the US-China trade war, the impact of the global epidemic, the Russian-Ukrainian war, the rise in counter-globalization trends, the exacerbation of the geo-pollution and the re-engineering of the global supply chain system will shake the dollar-based international currency.
The US dollar, or the US dollar, will enter a new downward cycle, which will support long- and medium-term increases in gold prices. State-owned reforms will accelerate the continued injection of the Group’s high-quality mineral resources, increasing the company’s asset quality and profitability.
During the three-year initiative to reform State enterprises from 2020 to 2022, companies completed an infusion of equity incentives from publicly held companies and an infusion of mining assets from Mongolia within the group, strengthened market-based mechanisms, flexible medium- and long-term incentives for core talent, deepened loss-management, and vigorously promoted the work on technology.
The company actively promoted the continued injection of high-quality mineral assets and the withdrawal of bad assets from corporate parent companies, and by the end of 2021 the Gold Group had planned to inject 27 companies in various forms in instalments.
As a new round of state-owned business reforms accelerates, and the state demands that vital resources be secured and that domestic mineral exploration and development and storage be enhanced, the group’s asset injection is expected to be strong. The continued infusion of corporate assets will significantly increase corporate profitability and future growth.
Investment proposals: The Fed is nearing the end of its interest-added cycle, market interest reductions are expected to increase, and gold is expected to enter into a strong and growth-oriented restoration. Reference is made to the comparative valuation of a gold industry, which we believe does not reflect the real value of the company.
In turn, we gave the company a 25-fold pe valuation in 2023, covering the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
“China’s gold first share”, the only company in China’s corporate-owned gold mining listings, was founded on 23 June 2000 by China’s former Gold Group Ltd., the China Gold General Company, as a co-sponsor, in association with six other companies. In 2003, the company successfully released 100 million shares of a stock.
In the period 2004-2015, the company acquired 90 per cent of the shares of Inner Mongolia Mining Company Limited, Henan Central Gold Smelter, and the fourth country: 2.37 million tons of copper and metals, 4.9 million tons of molybdenum and 27.57 million tons of iron.
Table 1: China Gold Major Resource Consolidation Incident (ii) Relying on the China Gold Group, which is owned by the State Treasury Board, the shareholders are the China Gold Group, and the owners are the State Treasury Committee.
The company is effectively controlled by the State Council’s State Assets Oversight and Management Committee. Of the 32 subsidiaries under the company’s umbrella, 26 gold mining companies, 4 gold smelting companies and 2 copper mining companies have complete chains of the extractive industries.
Figure 1: Corporate equity structure. Companies own subsidiaries such as gold mining, copper molten mining, and gold smelting.
(iii) Gold is the main industry, and the acquisition of copper mines, such as tigers, is driven by two wheels, and its performance is more stable. The company's previous main business was gold mining and gold smelting, with copper producing in the gold mines to which it belongs.
In the case of iron ore, copper ore selection and copper smelting also take place. In 2020, after the company acquired the central Mongolian mining and smelting plant, the volume of copper ore and molybdenum increased significantly, and the company’s performance became more stable by two wheels of gold ore.
The annual report accounts for 62 per cent of gold products, 50 per cent of copper products (over 100 per cent as a result of internal offsets), 37 per cent of gross profits on gold products and 45 per cent of gross profits on copper products. The company ' s mineral resources are predominantly gold and copper, supported by molybdenum and iron. By the end of 2021, the company had its own mines.
In the first half of 2022, the company achieved an increase of 10.2 tons of metal and 1127 tons of copper metal. By the end of 2021, the annual production of gold from mine-owned mines totalled 19.73 tons, with copper producing 800,000 tons per year, molybdenum producing 5860 tons per year and iron producing 113,000 tons per year.
The company’s main products are mineral gold, smelting gold, mineral copper and electrolytic copper. The company’s gold products include gold concentrates, alloys, and standard gold, the production and export of gold concentrates, alloys as raw materials for smelting, and the sale of gold to the outside world.
Standard gold, cathode copper. Most of the standard gold is sold through the online trading platform of the gold exchange; alloys are sold at the prices of the reference gold exchange. The raw materials of the company ' s copper products are copper concentrates, and cathode copper products are sold abroad with a class copper and 1# standard copper, of which more than 99.99% are Class A copper (electric copper), which is sold through spot sales and futures palettes.
During the year, the company planned to produce 19.5 tons of mineral gold, 33.63 tons of smelting gold: 78,000 tons of mineral copper and 373,000 tons of electrolytic copper. (iv) The profits were influenced by the price of gold, which resulted in a significant increase in the performance of the copper mine assets, and the company ' s operating income and net return profits have increased in recent years.
Growth. In January-September 2022, affected by a year-on-year decline in the production of gold and copper products, the same-year increase in corporate operating income as in the share ratio of parent companies and 90 per cent of the shareholding of Mongolian mining companies in M&As, the net profits of the company grew significantly in 2020, from which the company performed one step ahead, and since then, from which it performed more steadily.
The mining sector has seen a steady rise in the Māori rate and a high proportion of Māori mining copper. By branch, the company's average strategic investment opportunities in the mining industry over the last four years have come, gold has entered a new cycle of cattle (i) interest-free assets, with low real interest rates driving up gold prices.
Inflation affects the price of gold essentially by influencing the real rate of interest, which is a more direct determinant of the price of gold. Gold, because of its own preciousness and scarcity, can be a permanent representative of its value, and is regarded as the preferred asset against inflation in the public at large. Gold prices perform well whenever it suffers from hyperinflation.
The rate is not directly determined by the price of gold, which tends to be weak because of the central bank’s interest rate hikes during a steady upward cycle of inflation as the US goes through a moderate phase of inflation. The real interest rate in the US is highly negatively related to the price of gold.
The rate of return on the United States’ most basic interest-bearing assets is the real rate of interest on US debt. When real interest rates on US debt rise, the opportunity cost of holding gold increases; and when real interest rates on US debt fall, or are even lower than at zero, holding gold assets increases the relative rate of return or comparative advantage on other interest-bearing assets, and gold assets absorb investors.
Gravitation has increased, and the price of gold has risen. Thus, gold prices are negatively related to real interest rates on US debt. The real rate of return on US debt is the difference between US nominal interest rates and US inflation.
In early 2022, following the outbreak of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, which raised inflation expectations and subsequently lowered real US interest rates, the Fed pushed gold prices up. But the pace of interest hikes accelerated in mid-year, and the Fed raised 75 basis points four times in a row between June and November.
But America’s resilience to inflation has pushed the Fed back into the eagle and raised the market to (ii) the current round of inflation, and the Fed’s interest increase slowed down.
Under the pressure of high inflation, the Fed has made the reduction of inflation data its core task. After successive large interest hikes, inflation in the United States began to grow at its lowest year-on-year rate since September, after rising by 9.1% in June 2022 to peak.
In terms of inflation, core services are the main contribution to boosting inflation in the United States, while negative growth in the energy ring has contributed most to the downside of the overall boom, and inflationary pressures on core commodities and food have tended to weaken. In terms of energy, the price of US wti crude oil has fallen to $74.45 per barrel, and the contribution of energy to the cpi growth next year will be significantly reduced if there is no rebound.
In the second half of the year, the pressure on nominal and core inflation on rent is expected to decline markedly. The price of US used cars, which have had a high weight in core commodities, has been negative since November 2022, and is a sign that America’s core product cpi is starting to grow at a weak rate. Food prices have been falling slowly overall, and American food inflation has been increasing.
In terms of energy, the price of wti crude oil in the United States has fallen to $66.74 per barrel, the price of natural gas in the United States has fallen back to $2.33, and a sharp drop in energy prices will lead to energy inflation at a high base in 2022.
In addition, there has been some easing of demand and supply constraints in the US labor market, which have had a long-term structural impact on inflation in the US, with vacancies falling since March 2022. The U.S. Department of Labor has published job openings and labour mobility surveys.
The report shows that the number of vacancies in the United States fell to 9.931 million in February, the first time that it had broken down 10 million since May 2021, significantly below the median of 10.5 million economists expected, and that the figures for January were revised downwards from 108.24 million to 105.63 million. In the United States, the post vacancy data for the first half of February 2023 fell cumulatively by 1.3 million, the second largest in history, after the new crown economy.
The US labor-market tension has led to a certain rate of salary increase in the US, with US non-farmers increasing 4.6% on a year-on-year basis less than expected in February, and the ring-by-year rate of 0.24% lower, alleviating market concerns about the US falling into a pay-price spiral inflation trap in 2023. With a weak high base and sub-inflation, the US cpi is on a par.
The US inflation is expected to fall back in 2023 when the acceleration peaked in June 2022. The Galaxy stock macro team is expected to open up the Fed’s space to slow and even end interest hikes.
At high interest rates, some of the leading indicators of the US economy are starting to weaken. The US real estate market is falling sharply, with the US selling new and second-hand houses in February 2022.
This was followed by a marked decline, which has now fallen to levels close to the May 2020 outbreak in the United States; in February, the US Ism manufacturing industry pmi index was 47.7, which fell four months after the outbreak in May 2020 to a contractionary area. In terms of consumption, the US retail sales ring ratio fell to -0.4 per cent in February, and was not as fast as expected; and in January, the US purchase orders for new durables increased to 2.99 per cent.
The US consumer confidence index (CPI) went down again in February. From the leading employment situation, which is the most important indicator of the recession in the US economy, the current unemployment rate in the US is close to the bottom of its history since 1970, the US unemployment rate is difficult to keep low in the face of a slowdown, with the US unemployment rate rising by 0.2 to 3.6% per cent in excess of expectations in February.
The US Federal Reserve’s continued interest hike has led to a reversal of US long- and short-term interest rates at the end of October. In general, the US dollar’s long-term interest rate on its debt is high.
Once the short- and long-term interest rates of the US debt have fallen, the market’s concerns about the US economy’s prospects are premonitioned, reducing long-term demand for investment to lower long-end interest rates. Historical data show that, before the recession of the US economy in 1990, 2001, 2008 and 2020, the US government’s interest rates on March and 10 years’ public debt were reduced.
There have been reversals, to some extent, in the reliability indicators that predict a possible future recession in the US economy. And US debt is now at its worst in 40 years, or portends the prospect of a recession in the US economy.
After the collapse of the Silicon Valley Bank, despite a rapid move by the US Treasury, the Fed, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (Fdic) to join forces.
But, in a panic, market volatility has increased, banking stock prices have fallen, and small and medium-sized banks in the United States are still experiencing a liquidity crisis as a result of the run-off, and there is a tendency to spread from small banks to large industries like Switzerland. The liquidity constraints in the US silver industry in the run-off have forced the Fed to provide loans to banks totalling $152.85 billion through the discount window.
Far more than $4.58 billion a week ago, refreshing the one-week record of $111 billion created during the 2008 financial crisis, and allowing the Fed to expand during a period of quantitative austerity. The banking crisis in the United States will either hit the financial system, or it will force the Fed to change its policies.
After a series of high expectations of economic data, the Fed's attitude turned to the eagle, the market worried about the Fed's peak interest rate and the length of the interest rate that would increase the interest cycle of the current round, and the Fed's interest rate watch tool for the Chicago Commodity Exchange showed that the liquidity crisis that the United States banking industry was experiencing after a thunderstorm on 50 bases in March was causing a final impact on the financial system.
The Fed suggests that the interest-raising cycle is at the end, and that the market is expected to start immediately. At the March summit, the Fed increased its interest rate by 25 basis points, bringing the benchmark federal fund interest rate up to 4.75 to 5% of the target area, in line with market expectations.
In order to improve the current inflation situation, the downside risk in the economy after the banking boom suggests that the interest-rate cycle is coming to an end. And the Fed’s latest dot chart, following the March wrap-up meeting, shows that interest rates are expected to be 5.1% by the end of 2023.
With interest rate reductions expected, post-meeting cme interest rate futures suggest that the market believes that the Fed will move as quickly as possible in July, following the end of the first half of the year's increase, from stopping the increase to opening a new cycle of interest reduction, driving gold prices into a new round of cattle. Under inflation, the Fed’s primary target is likely to be from the impact of a banking system explosion on the financial system.
The Fed will either end up raising interest rates in the first half of the year, with the possibility of opening a new cycle of interest reduction in the second half of the year, or will lead to a decline in nominal interest rates on US debt due to higher downward pressure in the second half of the United States economy. Global energy conversions, as well as rising geo-conflicts, will lead to a cost-averse globalization of supply-chain systems.
In the case of sex, this round of inflation in the United States will be more resilient than in the past, and it will be difficult to quickly return to the Fed’s long-term inflation target of 2%. After entering the interest-rate reduction cycle or the expected increase in interest rates, the nominal interest rate on US debt will fall faster than that expected for stubborn inflation, leading to a further decline in real interest rates in the United States, a turning point for gold prices, and a push for gold prices into a new round of cattle.
In the Bretton Woods system, gold prices are set at $35/ounce, while other currencies pass through the United States dollar.
After the collapse of the Bretton Woods system, gold prices were decoupled from the dollar, and the relationship between gold prices and the dollar was no longer stable. The central banks of the United States considered that holding gold could effectively counter the risk of the dollar’s depreciation, and that holding gold could raise the volatility of the dollar’s exchange rate by using increasing gold reserves as their first option for diversifying international reserves.
In theory, the dollar is the most important denominated currency in the global gold trade, and if the demand and supply of the gold market remain stable, the dollar’s depreciation will lead to a corresponding rise in the price of gold in dollar terms. Looking back, gold prices have a more pronounced negative correlation with the dollar’s index movement.
The dollar’s exchange rate is, in essence, a reflection of the relative strength and weakness of the United States economy vis-à-vis the global economy. The dollar index is a measure of the extent to which the United States dollar has changed vis-à-vis the currencies of the world’s main economies. It measures the strength and weakness of the dollar by calculating the United States dollar and the combined rate of evolution of the currencies of the selected world’s major economies, and indirectly reflects the strength and weakness of the United States economy vis-à-vis the rest of the world.
When the United States’ gdp share of global gdp is high, the dollar index rises at the same time. And because the euro accounts for the largest share (up to 57.6%) of the mainstream dollar index portfolio, the relative strength and weakness of the European and United States economies, as well as the evolution of the euro’s exchange rate against the United States dollar, determine to a large extent the direction in which the dollar index fluctuates.
The US economy’s economic advantage vis-à-vis the EU is shrinking, banking crisis or sparking fire. The Russian-Turkish war of 2022, geopolitical instability, and high European energy prices have made Europe’s economic growth weak.
The US crisis in the US banking sector has increased the risk of a recession. The European Union and the emerging developing economies have been resonant since China’s outbreak policy opened, reducing the US economy’s comparative advantage over the global economy and the European economy, leading to a weakening of the dollar.
According to the central bank’s monetary policy, because the US economy was stronger than the eurozone, this led to a mismatch between the US and the eurozone’s monetary policy, and the US monetary tightening cycle was faster than the eurozone. The Fed began to raise interest rates in March 2022, began to shrink in June, and increased interest rates four times in a row in June-November.
But, with the US economy at risk of slowing down, the Fed’s production debt statements and spreads will be reduced by the end of 2022, and the industry will support the euro’s strong against the US dollar and crush the dollar index. Under the new global macro paradigm, the dollar index may be entering a new downward cycle, with a good gold price in the medium to long term.
The dollar index has gone through two full cycles since 1980 and is now operating in the third last cycle. During the first two cycles, the dollar has gone through a 55-month and 80-month cycle, respectively, and the upward cycle of the dollar has continued for 136 months.
Greater Saudi-Iranian reconciliation in the Middle East, “one-way” cooperation, and the expansion of the BRICS are all signs of a diversified international monetary system. And the crisis industry in US banks will further weaken dollar credit, and central banks will be active in recent years in reserveing gold assets.
Large-scale cycles, which support the rise in gold prices in the medium to long term. (v) The strategic point of the gold cow market’s start-up is that strategic investment opportunities for gold prices do not necessarily have to enter the Federal Reserve’s interest-reduction cycle.
The starting point for a gold cow round (2018-2020) occurred at the end of the 2015-2018 interest-raising cycle, before the 2019-2020 interest-reducing cycle. From the 5-wheel interest-raising cycle of the Federal Reserve since 1990, the majority of gold returns in the process were significantly improved before the end of the current interest-raising cycle to the beginning of the next interest-reducing cycle.
Gold is likely to start a new cycle of cattle and strategic investment opportunities when there is increasing certainty at the end of the hike, and fears that the US recession will increase its expectations for interest reduction. The gold futures and options fund of comex and the six major gold futures and options funds of Spdr, ishares, etc., have re-emerging gold stocks in mid-March, and there is much room to do so before they have to hold them high.
iii. State reform against world-class standards, the injection of assets from the gold conglomerates into the expected (i) company gold resources and production are the fourth largest domestic resource in the country, and continued exploration for increased reserves to enhance resource security. As of the end of 2021, the company’s gold reserves were in place.
The company has a strong potential for further resource acquisition, mainly in mining belts. The company continues to conduct deep margin prospecting on mining sites with resource potential, leading to a sustained increase in reserves to enhance the security of its gold resources.
According to the Chinese Gold Association, 2021 of our mineral gold production is 258.09 tons, while 2021 of Chinese gold produced 20,75% of the country’s production.
(ii) Increased quality of assets in public platforms and promotion of resource consolidation through group injections of high-quality copper mines in response to the policy requirement of “three-to-one-by-one” national supply-side reforms to reduce the debt leverage of China's Gold Group, China Gold and China's original smelters, which were restructured and supplemented in 2018 and converted to equity through marketized debt
In 2020, six companies, such as China Gold Group Ltd., issued shares for foreign investors.