Maintenance of steady growth in the main industry, with the slaughtering industry stagnating the profit boom, double-sink development (000895), the 2020 Review Report, and the food and beverages industry.
On March 31, 2021, 2021, the double-sink development published the annual report for 2020. During the reporting period, the company collected 73,935 million yuan, or +22.51 per cent, and the net profit from the return to the mother was 6,256 million yuan, or +15.04 per cent, and the basic pers was 1.86 yuan.
Sustained robust performance in 2020, with a small decline in the Māori rate delaying profit-end growth at the highest/lowest of 12 months \triangleright
The company’s annual earnings and profits have been growing steadily. The relatively high prices of pigs are the main reason for the higher rate of revenue growth in the slaughter business, but pig production is still in the recovery phase, resulting in a slight shortfall in the rate of commencement of the slaughter business, a slight decline in the Māori rate compared to that of the previous year, which has slowed the profit boom.
The volume of sales has declined and the prices of packaged meat products have risen substantially, and the distribution/direct distribution channels of the company have generated revenues of $60,792.13,170 million each year, compared to $16,029 million in raw materials imported by the company from abroad throughout the year for related transactions.
Significant increases to effectively control the cost of packaged meat products. The slaughtering business drags on the Māori rate and the smooth marketing of meat products reduces the cost of sales \triangleright
The company’s meat/slaughter business splits over the year (000895), which cost 0.04% for the three-quarters of 2020, compared to 0.12 ppt (0.06% for q4, compared to +0.09 ppt) due to public interest during the reporting period.
Review: The meat products business performed well, the profits of the Division's fixed-term deposits increased over the same period, and losses on exchange decreased over the same period.
Review: 20h1 performance maintained high growth, cost effective reduction of pressure, enhanced promotion of new products and enhanced brand image
In 2020, the company increased the number of new channels for catering, promoted the development of catering products, and increased the volume of sales of new leisure and clinker outlets. In addition, the company insisted on restructuring meat products and promoting high- and medium-end products and meat products.
The top-level structure has increased by 2.1 percentage points, while the core product has increased by more than 10%. At the same time, the promotion of new products has increased by 1.1 percentage points as a percentage of total meat sales.
In 2021, companies are expected to continue to develop new products, improve product structures, and promote new channels for catering. In 2020, companies increased their marketing inputs, targeting hot wind, hot?
Proponents, combined with head red and traffic stars, campaigned for live broadcasting to promote brand rejuvenation, fashion, and a step-by-step increase in brand impact.
The decline in the slaughtering industry has been more than anticipated, the meat industry has not developed as expected, and food safety issues have been addressed. Yuji, a Bachelor of Economics and a Master’s degree from Beijing University, entered the securities industry in 2011 and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Private Securities.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, joined the public securities industry, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,