The slaughtering business is under short-term pressure, the meat industry is on a long-term roll (000895.sz) double-sink development (000895.sz) 31/03/2021
Investment ratings: increase (maintenance) in performance below expectations, maintenance of “increase” ratings Double-sink development of 2020q4 yielding $18.17 billion, or 0.99 per cent less, and net return of $1.32 billion, equivalent
A high red mark, a solid value investment, maintains a “growth” rating. Low-priced stocks of meat are low, slaughter operations are slightly under pressure, 7.092 million head of slaughter in 2020, 46.3 per cent lower than the previous year; fresh meat is sold at 1381,000 tons, which is lower than the previous year.
7%. The decline in the sale of fresh meat in 2020q4, mainly as a result of a slowdown in the response of pigpest disease in some parts of the country due to the pace of growth in pig production, and the low cost of meat stocks after the pre-sale concentration of frozen meat stocks, has led to a significant increase in the revenue and capacity use of the slaughtering sector, but the impact of the low prices and lower prices of frozen meat stocks in Central America has been reduced.
The profits of the meat business are expected to decline slightly in 2021. The ton interest ratio of meat products has declined, looking at the volume of meat business going up in the long run. The main reasons for the decline in meat sales are: (1) the short-term impact of the company ' s price increases on products; and (2) some channels such as schools, etc.
Restaurants, terminal shops, etc. have declined in sales as a result of the new crown epidemic.
The upgrading of the structure of the product is effective, with an excellent grade structure rising by 2.1 pct and a new product by 1.1 pcct. The growth of the meat industry is steady, the elasticity of the meat business - step development, rejuvenation of brands, continuous upgrading of products, expected medium-digit growth in meat sales, ton profit parity
Corporate Information Updates - Performance Over Expectations, Meat ups and downs, with a long-term interest in the meat industry.