March 24, 2020.
Performance rating 2019: good asset quality, robust performance growth Bank of Merchants issued annual reports for 2019, an increase of 8.5% to $269.7 billion in net profit yoy, an increase of 15.3% to $92.9 billion. Corporate asset position continues to be good, better supporting performance growth, corporate winds.
As the leader of China’s retail banks, the current share of retail sales is more than half, and the financial and technological momentum is helping to further the transformation of its light banks. The annual net gain is currently estimated at 15.3%: between 8.5% and 269.7 billion in 2019.
Youy grew by 15.3% to $92.9 billion. According to the performance of the 4q season, the revenue grew by 2.7%, and the net gain by 18.6%. The Division recorded 16.8% in 2019, an increase of 0.2 pct compared to 2018. In addition, the company continued to issue its share of assets, with sufficient risk resilience.
qoq up 18 pct, further up, mainly due to the contribution of the denominator (good quality of assets). Retail operations steadily increased corporate retail finance revenue of $144.7 billion in 2019 by 15.0 per cent, at the end of the collection, by 53.7 per cent, and by 3.1 pct from 2018.
At the income end, net interest income increased by 7.9% to $173.1 billion in 2019, mainly due to a robust expansion of interest-bearing assets and a difference in interest rates, which, according to the data published by the company, rose slightly by 2 bp to 2.59% throughout the year; fees and commissions increased by 7.5%.
To $71.5 billion, with better bank cards, agents and clearing operations, double-digit growth was achieved. From the 4q season, there was pressure on the difference, but it was also expected that we would calculate that the 4q single-season netting gap had fallen by 26bp, mainly due to asset-end adjustments and the cost of the liabilities.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: Looking ahead, the banking sector will have downward pressure in 2020, and, in the short term, the impact of the epidemic, low consumption data, and a fixed impact on bank retail lending. However, we believe that, in the context of fiscal policy additions, capital-related projects or
It is one of the better ways in which banks invest their funds, and as China recovers from the epidemic, zero sales loans will be marginal. In addition, the low rate of recruitment, which is better than that of colleagues, and the high provision coverage, are better able to cope with the pressure of profit fluctuations and achieve robust performance growth.
This report is prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investment Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report i@ or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf, or on behalf of others:@. This report ... is not used to sell or induce customers to trade in the certificate mentioned in the report.
_Capitalcare#@Taibei Hong Kong Shanghai 24 March 2020