Annual report of the Merchant Bank: excellent asset quality and high profitability Incident: Annual report of the Merchant Bank, operating income of $26,97.03.0 million in 2019, asset quality, provision for counter-rewarding profits, and Roe's increasing.
A good rate of 1.16 per cent, down by 20bp from the end of the previous year, has achieved a “double drop” in the balance of non-performing loans for the third consecutive year. Although industry credit card risk has increased and credit card lending has increased, overall quality has improved.
Depreciation pressure has been reduced and counter-feeding profits have been made, with a 15.28 per cent increase in the year 2019 net return to mothers compared to 15.28 per cent, higher than the profit increase prior to the provision, and a 16.84 per cent rise in roe, lower than the previous year's increase and lower four-quarter net interest income compared to the previous year's increase.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) drops on a quarterly basis, linked to lower asset end-of-end rates of return due to industry interest rates on the one hand; and, on the other hand, increases on a proactive basis in the second half of the year in order to expand the size of the structural deposits before new rules are in place on the other.
The cost of the end of the liability has increased as a result of the scale of products with relatively high costs, such as structural deposits and large bills of deposit, which have resulted in a decrease of 1.29 per cent in net interest income over the four quarters of the year.
Retail advantages are strong, creating new advantages. Pre-tax profit ratios for retail financial operations.
In 2019, the average balance of loans sold was 51.75%. The recruitment process, through the “Book for Business” initiative, has continued to boost digital capacity, with two active users now breaking out.
In 2019, the amount of $9,361 million was invested in information technology, an increase of 43.97%. Science and technology finance has taken the lead in the next phase of strategic development.
The most recent valuation is at the bottom of history, for example, because of the net sale of funds from the north. The quality of the bank’s assets continues to be good, there is more room for profit release, retail advantages are strong, and a “buy-in” rating is given.
Annual Report of Merchant Banks: Quality of Assets and Profitability Annual Report of Merchant Banks: Quality of Assets and Profitability
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.