Company Review Report — Banking 22 March 2020, Merchant Bank (600036.sh)
In 2019, the company achieved operating income of $26,97.03.0 million, an increase of 8.51 per cent over the previous year; net repatriation
Profit of $92,867 million, an increase of 15.28 per cent over the same period; 1.31 per cent for roaa and 1.31 per cent for roae and 2. ) Improved difference between asset structure optimization and higher risk pricing levels, with downward pressure remaining
In 2019, the company achieved a net interest income of 173.09 billion yuan, an increase of 7.92 per cent in the same year; a net interest gap of 2.59 per cent, an increase of 0.02 percentage points in the same year; and an average interest-bearing asset balance of $6.69 trillion, a good one. At the asset structure level, the company actively expands its retail credit operations and invests robustly in its own demand.
Mortgage loans, credit card loans, loans and advances have further increased in size and proportion, and retail operations have continued to increase their advantages in the preparation of this report. In 2019, the average balance of corporate loans and advances was $4.29 trillion, a year-on-year increase.
In 2019, average loans and advances from companies were affected by the downward trend in regulated continuing interest rates, and the firm’s interest differentials remained narrow. Throughout 2019, the net interest differentials were higher and lower, with a sharp drop in the fourth quarter.
This will have a negative impact on the net balance of the company, and it will be crucial to optimize the structure of the subsequent asset liability, the end-of-the-end cost controls, and the ability to increase risk pricing. The average rate of interest-bearing corporate debt rose by 0.13 percentage points in 2019.
Increased supply of billings increases the pressure on corporate deposit costs. In the future, companies will continue to optimize the asset-liability structure, the asset end will maintain steady growth in credit assets, the end end of the debt will insist on growth in low-cost core deposits, and stronger controls over limits on structural deposits and large-value deposit statements; and the company will also strengthen its capacity to manage its assets.
Risk-pricing management capacity will be further enhanced to keep interest differentials better than industry. In 2019, companies achieved a net non-interest income of 96.613 billion yuan, an increase of 9.57 per cent over the same period; they accounted for 35.82 per cent of the company ' s operating income, an increase of 0.35 percentage points over the same period.
Growing demand for volume and wealth management, and revenue from wealth management operations such as proxy insurance, surrogate trusts, etc. In 2019, company agent insurance earned $5,79 billion, an increase of 22.00 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the effect of the overall warming and pay-as-you-go transition in the insurance sector; and agency trust income.
Capacity-building. Second, consistent with the trends in consumer finance and mobile payments, income from credit card operations and electronic payments has grown steadily. In 2019, bank card charges generated $19,551 million, an increase of 16.88 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly due to growth in the volume of bank card transactions, leading to income growth; and settlement and settlement charges.
Opportunities to expand bond underwriting, paper operations, bond undermarket interest rates, income from bond underwriting, ticketing, sale margin gains are better. 4) Unperforming loan balances and share are lower by two, provision coverage is better and asset quality is better.
Point. The balance of corporate non-performing loans has been double-dip, the level of coverage has increased steadily, the risk level has increased. 5) Technological inputs have continued to increase, and financial technology has been highly effective. In 2019, the company invested $9,361 million in information technology, an increase of 43.97 per cent over the previous year.
One, with a cumulative total of 1611 projects, 957 of which have been put on line to cover areas of retail, wholesale, risk, technology and organizational cultural transformation, provide solid support for the exploration of the 3.0 business model. Companies are guided by the Arctic Star indicator mau to reshape the retail financial digitization system.
Development of a new model for digitalization, digitalization and digitalization of visitors; re-engineering of the specialized services system for wholesale operations with an ecological perspective; strengthening of specialized services capacity through digital transformation; eco-economy based on industrial networking; and continuous development of best customer experience using process optimization as a tool
All right, including the re-engineering of the retail customer experience monitoring system and the comprehensive diagnosis of the journey to key public clients, the introduction of online approvals, risks, compliance, business processes, and the continuous re-engineering of various service processes; and the continuous upgrading of the science and technology base with openness and intelligence at its core.
(b) Continued optimization of the asset and liability structure, with deposits accounting for more than 70 per cent, with significant cost advantages; steady asset quality, with negative loan balances and double ratios, and increased provision coverage; and active promotion of strategic transformations;
Building light banks to achieve “quality, efficiency, scale” dynamic and balanced development, financial science and technology should use industry leadership to differentiate competitive advantages. Together with firm fundamentals and stock price elasticity, we risk the impact of the new crown epidemic on macroeconomics more than expected, and macroeconomic weakness leads to asset quality.
The risk of quantitative deterioration is higher than expected.