The Bank of Merchants (600036) is the first enterprise law in the country.
On 17 January, the Banco de Merchant published the 2019 performance report, the 19-year net return profit of 928.67 equity-owned commercial banks and the country ' s first pilot bank to promote banking reform outside the system.
The year-end negative rate is 1.16% and the ring drop is 3bp, or 20bp by the same year, and the “quantitative, cost-effective, scale” dynamic and balanced development of the business structure around the transition goal of building “light banks”
We measure 19 years of net policy-led real-economy financing costs down: since the fourth quarter, one year of lpr has been cumulatively reduced by 10 bp.
A 5-year lpr drop of 5bp, leading to lower interest rates on new loans. The company’s personal lending statements with higher returns through asset securitization (four-quarter mortgages, consumer loan asset support securities of $65.912 billion), to some extent lower asset endpoints.
A percentage point, when we judge that tax-free assets such as state debt, local debt, etc., may have increased, leading to an average asset collection. The shift in the pricing mechanism of the Ipr in 2020 will be accelerated further, and the spread is expected to remain stable, given the larger scope of the lending structure; and the net profit growth is expected to be sustained by a combination of steady growth in size.
The negative rate ratio has declined, and the asset quality has continued to improve. As the firm has increased its write-off disposal capacity, it has dropped by 1.2 billion, with a billion. Wind control has continued to be prudent, and asset quality has remained excellent.
Investment recommendations: A high rate of growth in net profits, a high level of supply, counter-profit space, a relatively high share of retail business, a prudent and stable quality of assets, a relatively volatile economy, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Bank of Merchants (600036): Maintenance of high profitability and high asset quality. Table 1: Individual loan-type asset-support securities issued by commercial banks in 2019.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Bank of Merchants (600036): high profitability and asset quality continue to improve.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
Research assistant profile
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Report, Merchant Bank, 600036: Maintenance of high profitability and asset quality with no assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of the information and advice contained therein.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.