• High profit growth on 23.03.20, consistent with the Express Report
The company ' s annual reporting performance was consistent with the fast report. The company ' s net return profit increased by 15.28 per cent in 2019 over the same period (14.63 per cent in the first three quarters) and by 8.51 per cent in the same year (10.36 per cent in the first three quarters). The annualized weighted rose to 33 per cent, ranking among the top banks on the list.
It will increase the value of the investments of the banks, especially in the interest of attracting long-term capital for high dividends. Financial management and aum operations have begun to improve.
The Unit has improved compared to the 300-degree trend, driving retail aum up to over 10% at the end of the six-month period. • Reduction of effective tax rates to cope with falling interest differentials
Credit card growth slowed down in the 2019q4 company, causing interest differentials to fall. But the company used the tax exemption to support profit growth by investing heavily in interest rate debt. Credit card lending grew at a higher rate than in the first half of 2018-2019, with a certain degree of pressure on retail aum growth. The need for fast credit cards has now declined.
By the end of 2019, the negative rate of re-innovation reached 1.16%, with a 3bp drop in the ring. The provision coverage of 427%, with a significant increase in the ring ratio, is expected to improve significantly this year.
Add 17 pct. The rise in credit card bad rates is largely influenced by industry co-debt risk. We expect credit card bad rates to show a trend of ups and downs this year. Credit card bad rate fluctuations are only gradual and do not affect long-term fundamentals logic. • Investment proposal: maintain a “recommended” rating
This year ' s corporate strategy emphasizes openness and integration, and it is expected that the financial science and technology strategy will reveal a number of factors in the building of platforms and ecological construction: 1. Business bureaux (600036): profit growth and innovation; 2. Business bureaux (600036): poor rates of re-innovation and low levels of innovation.
Interest differentials fell too fast, asset quality was disturbed. First, the red rate rose to 33 per cent, financial operations improved markedly, profits increased and fast reports were aligned.
The company ' s annual reporting performance is consistent with that of the fast report. The company ' s net return profit increased by 15.28 per cent in 2019 over the same period (by 14.63 per cent in the previous three quarters) and by 8.51 per cent in the same year (by 10.36 per cent in the previous three quarters). The annualized weight of the roe was 16.84 per cent (by 33 per cent in the first three quarters), ranking among the top listed banks.
We believe that this is a very important signal. A proper increase in the share of shareholders, when profits are abundant but assets are slow to spread, will increase the value of the investment of the bank’s shares, especially in order to attract the higher shares.
Long-term funds at interest rates. A higher red rate could become a new logic for the bank block. 3. Financial operations and aum operations began to improve.
Attaining 11.77% is the first double-digit growth in three years. The year-round decline in trustee revenues was significantly smaller than in the first half of the year, stabilizing the annual net increase in fees at a higher rate of 7.54%.
The old problem of aum ' s low rate of growth has been solved. Figure 2: Financial operations ' financial resources are increasing at the same rate, figure 3: Retail aum at the same rate
4. Reductions in effective tax rates to cope with falling interest differentials, and downward credit card increases lead to interest-bearing asset yield pressure, but the tax-exempt effect continues to support high profit growth by investing heavily in interest rate debt. We add changes in income tax to net income differentials by analysing tax-adjusted net differentials.
The net income gap ratio dropped by 16 bp to 2.40%, and by 26 bp in the same year. If income tax expenditure is taken into account, the tax-adjusted net difference increased by 9 bp, down by 12 bp in the same year, and the rate of decline in interest differentials slowed considerably.
In combination with the company’s mau (monthly active customer) strategy, in other banking contractions, companies attract ordinary customer funds by increasing credit card issuances, with a certain degree of pressure on retail aum to go down.
The need to expand credit cards at a high rate has now declined. While corporate private and financial aum have recovered, two large apps of mau have reached a high level of 70.68% coverage for retail customers, meeting the goal of running around.
At the end of 2019, the negative rate was again low, at 1.16%, with a 3bp drop in the ring. The provision coverage was 427, which, for example, resulted in a decline in the negative ratio for both public and retail loans. The poor discount rate of notes rose by a modest 0.01 pct. The credit card failure rate in the breakdown of loans rose faster, rising to 1.35% in two and a half consecutive years.
Due to the decline in short-term consumer lending and the timely reduction in credit card lending by companies, the subsequent credit card increase is mainly due to exposure to stock risk. Credit card non-performing loans at the end of the year fell from 45.70% to 41.32% at the end of the six-month period, and the risk exposure rate was controlled.
With the short-term rise in default rates, coupled with faster growth in credit card lending, we expect a smaller increase in credit card failure in 2020q1. But as the impact of the epidemic subsides, business recovery accelerates, residents and banks revive normality, we expect credit card failure rates to show a pre- and post-diplomatic trend this year, so credit card volatility is only gradual and does not affect long-term fundamentals.
On balance, corporate performance has stabilized and asset quality has remained stable. There is sufficient capital and provision to deal with fluctuations in the economy. The increase in the dividends has added value to the company’s investments. This year’s corporate strategy emphasizes openness and integration, and financial science and technology is expected to aggregate data projections on corporate financial statements.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.