The net profits of the Retail Bank continued to grow faster in 2019, and Roe remained at the forefront. The company's retail advantage is ahead, we believe it's a sound and prudent business style, and the retail sector's advantages are being consolidated.
And the gradual performance of financial science and technology has led to a sustained improvement in their risk defense capabilities in the lower-end economy over the same four quarters, with annual earnings remaining at the top of the industry, with net profits increasing by 15.3 per cent in 2019, further up from the previous three quarters (14.6 per cent), mainly in the first three quarters.
It benefits from excellent asset quality performance and tax optimization. Corporate interest income increases by 3.3 percentage points to 7.92% below the previous three quarters, resulting in 1.8 percentage points below the previous three quarters.
Increases by 0.7 percentage points, and the expected rate of increase in fees and fees continue to improve. Against a background of excellent asset quality schedules and low stress on the provision, total corporate profits increased by 10.1 per cent over the year, while the tax shield effect of public debt and local debt types of investment made a clear positive contribution to profits, resulting in net profits for the entire year.
The growth rate is 15.3 per cent, and the company has maintained a high profit level of 16.8 per cent throughout the year. Four quarters is expected to have a narrow interest rate, with a further negative rate; quarterly interest differentials are expected to be affected by both ends; and asset-end effective financing needs are low, bank risks are low.
The preference for a reduction has put downward pressure on the rate of return; the cost to the liability side has risen as a result of the ongoing industry deposit competition. Looking forward to 2020, with the continuing downward pressure on the domestic economy and the deep push of the lpr, the expected interest differentials remain narrow.
As of 1.16 per cent, the absolute value was maintained at a lower level of industry, and the downside of the economy led to a higher than expected deterioration in the quality of assets.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
Quick performance report for 2019 was published by the comptoir bank, with net profits equal to +15.3 per cent in 2019; operating income equal to +8.53 per cent, with net interest income equal to +79.2 per cent and net non-interest income + 9.63 per cent; total assets of $7.42 trillion (+9.95 per cent, yoy/+1.52 per cent, qoq); with loans sustained improvement during the four quarters, with year-round profit levels maintained at the top of the industry
In 2019, net profits increased by 15.3% on a year-on-year basis, further up from the previous three quarters (14.6%), largely as a result of excellent asset quality performance and tax optimization. In terms of major business operations, interest income from companies increased by 3.3 percentage points to 7.92% on a year-on-year basis compared to the previous three quarters, resulting in a higher recovery rate of 1.8 percentage points on a year-on-year basis compared to the previous three quarters.
In the context of the 10.1 per cent increase in total corporate profits over the year; in addition, we expect the company to continue to increase its national debt and local debt allocation during the fourth quarter, and the tax shield effect of these types of investments has made a clear positive contribution to profits, bringing net profits up to 15.3 per cent year-on-year, with the company projected a narrow four-quarter interest rate and a further downside rate throughout the year.
At the asset end, the lack of effective financing needs, the preference for bank risk, all of which put downward pressure on the rate of return, and the indebtedness end, which continues to raise the cost of the industry’s savings competition. Looking to 2020, it is expected that the downward pressure on the domestic economy and the deep push of the lpr will continue.
The closing of the four seasons is between 3 bp and 1.16% below the end of the three seasons and 20 bp throughout the year, with a year-round negative rate of better than comparable counterparts and a lower level of absolutes. The net profits of the hiring banks continued to grow faster in 2019, with Roe remaining at the forefront of the industry.
The layout and firm enforcement of the build-up of customer base, product innovation and professional customer services to enhance customer stickyness, retailing and retailing are difficult to overcome in the short term. We believe that a sound and prudent business style, a steady consolidation of the advantages of retailing and a gradual demonstration of the effectiveness of financial science and technology have made them more capable of risk defense at the bottom of the economy than they are at the bottom of the economy, and that they maintain a high level of profitability.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality. Banks are more relevant as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)