Performance was lower than expected, expecting a robust year-round growth in the contribution of new products, with a small fall in the q4 season. Corporate business income grew by 21.59 per cent throughout the year 2023, and net profit from home grew by 25.23 per cent, sustained by a combination of new production capacity and listing of new products.
Steady growth and further consolidation of corporate leadership; 14.01 per cent decline in business income and 22.86 per cent decline in net profit from maternity in the first quarter of 04; on the one hand, the fourth quarter of 2022 was affected by the new crown epidemic, and emergency needs for blood products such as Silicon C and Protein increased significantly, leading to higher base levels over the same period last year, while on the other hand,
It is expected that as a result of the slurry rhythm, the 2404 slurry may slow down and the slurry may not keep up with the slurry growth rate throughout the year. Despite a small fall in performance in the single quarter, the overall level remains stable.
At the end of the year, the country was in the lead; in 2023, 16 new slurry stations were licensed and 76 slurry stations were in operation, and as the new slurry stations became operational, the total number of slurry extracted by the company would continue to climb. In 20233, the company ' s Yongan base became fully operational and is expected to generate 1,200 tons of additional capacity for the company; and, at the same time,
The construction of two blood production bases in Yunnan and Lanzhou has accelerated further, and in the future the company will own three single plants with a relatively deep 300-ton production base.
In September 2023, the company was awarded the first high concentration of human immunoglobin and the injection recombinant human condensation factor, which further enriched the product matrix. The high concentration of sequestered monocrete was used by the company to separate purity techniques, raising the level of sequestering from 5% to 10%, and the safety of clinical trials.
The company's recombinant condensation factor is a product that is listed in the country, after the Mystery cell and after the sunny sun, and is the main alternative to haemophilia, which is very large in the country, but with a large number of people with haemophilia.
The penetration rate is still low. The listing of new products is expected to bring new growth in company performance in 2024.
4000-5,000 tons of plasma processing capacity to catch up with the international first-line blood company.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has committed itself to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner, which clearly and accurately reflects its research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.