In the fourth quarter of 2023, the company achieved $1.158 billion, a reduction in the same amount.
1. " Sky Forum Biocorps: The Performance Express meets expectations and looks forward to the positive results of the magma, with a net profit of $225 million, a decrease of 17 per cent from the previous year. " 2. " Skytar Biocorps: three quarters of rapid growth, growth expectations "
There has been a steady increase in the sale of all types of products and a steady increase in profitability. The company’s continued growth in production is expected to materialize gradually.
3. "Astronomic biology: steady growth in the second quarter, slurry station growth, average yield levels of blood-based companies are in the forefront of the industry: expected to continue to materialize by optimizing product yields " , 2023.8.30
In 2023, the company received 2,247 million yuan, an increase of 17.88 per cent over the previous year; the immunoglobin received the same income; the blood source management was highly superior and the slurry was consistently ahead. The company and its affiliated blood companies relied on it.
In the context of strategic cooperation with the various regions, the National Drug Group has actively sought out all levels of government and health-care operators in the provinces/autonomous regions, bringing the total number of single plasma stations to 102, of which 80 are single blood stations.
The collection of 2,415 tons, or about 20% of the country’s total industrial slurry, and the number of slurry stations and the size of the slurry collection continue to be at the forefront of the country.
Incoming, R & D is progressing well. The fourth generation of Chengdu's stratum process has 10% thick, the human immunoglobin (Rong Bing Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien) has been approved for the first time in the country.
Protein Protein and Lanzhou blood-celebrosis complexes are in the process of applying for permission to go on the market: research and development is under way on such topics as immunoglobin injection under the skin of Chengdu Yong and recombinant human cdensation factor via.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, we maintain a profit projection, and the company is expected to realize a net return profit in 2024-2026, respectively.
Increased expenditures; risk of increased slurry costs; risk of price fluctuations in products, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market