Performance continued to grow, with slurry and product pipelines growing by 21.6% over the same period, and net return to mothers increasing by 26.0% over the same period.
Rendering of $1.10 billion, a 29.3 per cent increase in the same year, the 2023q4 company achieved operating income of $1.16 billion, the same year slurry performance was good, and the number of slurry stations and the scale of the slurry continued to be a national leader. In 2023, 79 of the Department ' s units collected 2415 tons of plasma at the slurry stations, an increase of 18.67 per cent, which is about 18.67 per cent.
20% of the slurry. The company ' s single-sampling plasma stations are located in 16 provinces/autonomous regions of the country, bringing the total to 102 and, as of March 2024, 80 single-slamping stations.
Three blood systems at the Chengdu Rong Life and Etern Factory (Cong City City International Biocities Park), the Shanghai Blood Yunnan Project (Kunming, relative depth 300) and the Lanzhou Blood State Project (National High Technology Development Area, Lanzhou City)
The product consists of proteins, proteins, and factors. The Yong-Ann plant area is now operational, the Yunnan project and the Lanzhou project will be gradually operational, and the company will have three single plant bases for producing blood products with a slurry capacity of up to 1,000 tons.
New products are expected to be released in 2024, and are rich in pipelines. According to the new products, in 2023, 10% of the fourth generation of human immunoglobin (Yung Bing Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien Cien dynasty) prepared by the Cheng Dung Tung Tung Ping process was approved for listing in the first country.
The autonomous development and marketing of recombinant human coagulation viii has been completed by the Shenzhou Cells, the Tianxian Organisms, and the Sunshine. In terms of research products, the company is developing more than a dozen blood products and genetic recombinant products, creating multiple R & D tubes around rare diseases such as haemophilia, immuno-deficiency, severe infection, etc.
The coagulation factor seven (rhfvia), the hypothermia immunoglobin under the skin are in the clinical trial stage iii and the long-acting recombinant human coagulation factor viiiii is in the clinical trial stage i. The investment proposal is that the company will continue to increase the number of slurry stations and the sales of blood products are expected to continue.
In 2023, new products were listed at 10% of the concentration of statnium and recombinant human cdensation factor viii, which is expected to bring new growth dynamics. At the same time, the company is researching tube lines and potential products are expected to be on the market.
Rapid performance rating - below expectations, expected contribution of new products Downstream demand below expected risk; product sales below expected risk; and research and development progress below expected windfall: projection of key financial indicators
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In order to ensure the quality of service, to control investment risks, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager to complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.