CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
行 全
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Vanke - A (000002 CH)
BUY (Initiation)
Steady sales growth
Target Price
RMB31.68
Up/downside
+16.8%
Current Price
RMB27.12
SUMMARY. We initiate coverage with a BUY recommendation on Vanke – A share.
Vanke is a pioneer in China property market, in terms of leasing apartment,
prefabricated construction and etc. We set TP as RMB31.68, which is equivalent to
China Property Sector
past five years average forward P/E of 9.0x. Upside potential is 16.8%.
Samson Man, CFA
Share placement strengthened balance sheet. Vanke underwent shares
placement and completed in Apr 2019. The Company issued and sold 263mn
new H shares at price of HK$29.68 per share. The newly issued H shares
represented 16.67% and 2.33% of the enlarged total issued H shares and total
Chengyu Huang
issued share capital, respectively. Net proceeds of this H shares placement was
HK$7.78bn and used for debt repayment. New capital can flourish the balance
sheet although net gearing of Vanke was low at 30.9% as at Dec 2018.
Stock Data
Bottom line surged 25% in 1Q19. In 1Q19, revenue and net profit surged by
59.4% to RMB48.4bn and 25.2% to RMB1.12bn, respectively. The slower growth
in bottom line was due to the scale effect. Delivered GFA climbed 88.2% to
3.11mn sg m in 1Q19 but only represented 10.5% of our forecast full year
delivered GFA. On the other hand, other fixed cost including SG&A expenses and
Source: Bloomberg
interest expenses would not change following to the scale of delivered GFA. As
at May 2019, pre-sold but unbooked properties amounted to RMB704.6bn or
47.79mn sq m that provided good earnings visibility in the coming year.
Contracted sales grew by 12% in 5M19. Contracted sales amount and area
Source: Company data, CMBIS
surged by 12.0% to RMB267.6bn and 4.7% to 16.61mn sq m in 5M19,
respectively. It seems Vanke's growth was slower than most peers but it
Share Performance
was still the fastest among BIG 3, followed by Country Garden (2007 HK)
and Evergrande (3333 HK).
Attributable land bank amounted to 92.45mn sq m. Vanke acquired 19 new
Source: Bloomberg
projects with attributable land bank of 5.99mn sq m in 1Q19. As at Mar 2019, total
and attributable land bank amounted to 153mn sq m and 92.45mn sq m,
12-mth Price Performance
respectively. Moreover, Vanke participated in several urban redevelopment
projects with aggregate attributable GFA of 3.48mn sq m. Current land bank is
sufficient for next three years' development.
Initiate with BUY recommendation. Vanke is a pioneer in China property market,
in terms of leasing apartment, prefabricated construction and etc. We set TP as
RMB31.68, which is equivalent to past five years average forward P/E of 9.0x.
Upside potential is 16.8%.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: PricewaterhouseCoopers
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
Source: CRIC
Source: Company data
Source: CMBIS estimate
Source: CMBIS estimate
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimate
Source: Bloomberg
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS and/or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any
security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors,
officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the
information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.
CMB International Securities Limited and/or more of its affiliates provided investment banking services to Vanke (2202 HK) over the past
12 months.