Low performance has passed, smelting taps take off Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Event I: On April 27, Helium Pulse released its 2022 annual report to achieve operating income
22,237 million yuan, an increase of 12.31 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to mothers was 2,318 million yuan, same as event two: on April 27, Helium petrochemicals released its first quarterly report for 2023, which generated an operating income of 56,144 million yuan, an increase of 5.15 per cent over the same period, a net gain of 8.04 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to mothers was realized
Quality repairs, weak demand and fluctuations in raw materials affect year-round profits The year 2022, year-round refining contributed M$ 18,936 million, representing a 21.15 per cent decrease in the same year; the weakening of the pta board; and the pressure on the company ' s overall profitability throughout the year due to multiple factors, such as the impact of the overhaul on production.
Of these, the pressure on the raw materials end was more pronounced, with the Russian war and the price of crude oil increasing by 43 per cent over the year and the price of coal purchasing by 22.84 per cent over the year. In addition, the annual volume of production and sales fell by the same amount, with the major refining companies carrying out the 2019 post-partum campaign in July and August.
Impact of the first major overhaul. Cost side: 2022q4 sales/management/financial cost ratio 1. Repairs and requirements, respectively. Cost side.
• Four-quarter stock loss and demand fluctuations, with higher pressure in the petrochemical industry.
In contrast, there is a certain stock loss of crude oil due to a significant price margin due to the weak demand for cruises, and by splitting it down to 28.903 billion yuan for 2022 q4 refined plates, compared to/circle trace, with px-pessel oil/ethylene ethylene/styrene - pure styrene/hdpe - the price difference in the refined plates.
The poor harvest was evident, mainly because of the increase in downstream production of chemicals, px, styrene, etc., but the end demand was not well supported and the price of the product fell significantly. 13,844 million yuan was collected from 2022q4pta plates, compared to 9.93 per cent per cent per ring.
In the polyester sector, output declined and demand for pta products declined from the previous quarter. -8.09 per cent of the prices were lower than in the previous quarter. -8.09 per cent of the price differentials among the various products were evident, mainly due to the control of stocks at longline mills, maintenance of purchase requirements, difficulty in improving end demand, and supply of products.
. ..a quarter of weak demand recovery, Māori rates are back in 2023, and we believe that private big refining will lead to a marginal improvement in demand. According to our tracking, the main product is 2023q1 pta-px/px-cephale oil/ethylene/styrene-purification.
• Accelerator projects, capital spending guaranteed growth, based on good cash flow for refining integration, and companies continuously increase capital spending to ensure the company's future.
Growing up. Based on the advantage of the big chemical feedstock platform in its own c2-c4 whole-sector chain, the company has accumulated over many years of research and development, choosing new materials such as high-end scrubbers, functional film, degradable materials, new energy chemicals, etc., that are currently scarce in the country, accelerating the pace of “crack necks” and “energy bottlenecks”
There are 1.5 million tons of green multifunctional textile projects, 800,000 tons of functional polyfat film/plastic projects, 1.6 billion square metres of lithium, 1.2 million tons per year of civil silk and 1.4 million tons per year of Sioux State.
In 2023, we are looking at companies that expand their size through capital spending, based on the advantages of a full-scale material platform.
To be strong and strong, while actively exploring new downstream materials and increasing product differentiation and added value. Because of the current weak recovery in demand and the high price shocks of crude oil, we are experiencing large fluctuations in the prices of crude oil and coal for companies:
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.