In the evening of 27 April 2023, Helium petrochemicals released their annual report for 2022 and the first Helium petrochemicals in 2023 (600346.sh)
Realization of the net return to the mother: 2,318 million yuan, a decrease of 85.07 per cent in the same year; realization of the net profit to the non-repatriate to the mother; realization of the net profit to the non-repatriate to the mother of the Xiaoqian petrochemical industry assistant of 584 million yuan, a decrease of 85.81 per cent in the same year and an increase of 115.59 per cent in the ring;
The impact of multiple factors, such as the sudden increase in the US Federal Reserve interest rate, and the decline in production of the U.S. Federal Reserve, is that the price of international crude oil rises before the material rises, and the upward and downward integration of the poles.
The same rate rises by 43.0%, and the company’s cost-side pressure rises. Under quarantine control, residents travel a narrow radius, consumption will decline, and insufficient demand for social goods leads to the disclosure of products such as finished oils, chemicals, polyesters, etc., and increase efforts to deepen the cultivation of new materials.
The demand side of the product was poorly supported and the prices of upstream and downstream products were poorly transmitted, resulting in less than upstream increases in the product.
The company prepared 2,049 million raw materials stocks for falling prices, further affecting the company’s annual performance.
Performance recovery, increased layout: “Smelting + New Materials – Cost and Demand Marginal Improvement,” with the start-up company’s performance recovering in 2023. At the cost end, after 2023, the conflict in the Russian Federation weakened, and the dollar continued to raise the federal fund.
Helium petrochemicals (600,346) influenced by factors such as the build-up, interest rate push-up, international oil prices put an end to the unilateral downward trend, the overall industrial platform, and the development of new materials.
All right. At the end of the demand side, after 2023, with the optimisation of disease control measures, residents' travel and consumption recovery is evident. According to the Civil Aviation Authority, a total of 129 million passenger shipments have been completed in one quarter.
The increase in the number of times, 68.9 per cent over the same period, benefited from the high demand for travel by the population, and the difference in domestic gasoline prices led to steady growth, and the second growth space was wide.
Quarterly net profits of long silkpoy, dty, fdy single-ton profits of 84.58, 245.46, steady growth, and steady progress of new projects.
In the first quarter of the year, profit recovery was evident, and we believe that the major refining industry is now emerging from the difficult situation, and we are still looking forward to the growth of corporate profits in the context of improved demand in the future and the upgrading of the structure of the industry.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. develops and expands and expands and expands and expands on top and back.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Hall of Towngate Street in Beijing, based on the continuous accumulation of capabilities and new materials from the Great Chemical Platform, which has accelerated downstream ton/year high performance resin and new materials projects, 300,000 tons/year adipic acid project, 600,000 tons/year.
Bdo and associated projects are expected to be in production by mid-2023. In the field of new polyester materials, Qinfeng produces 800,000 tons of functional film and plastics per year, 450,000 tons of new degradable materials pbs/pbat/pbt in the first quarter of 2023.
In the area of materials, the first billion square metres of the 440 million m2 annual production of the ultra-wet lithium battery diaphragm in the quarter of 2024 and the 600 million m2 annual dry lithium battery diaphragm are expected to be gradually operational.
In the post-epidemic recovery of demand, the company is expected to embark on a new phase in which prices will rise substantially, and future performance growth is to be expected. \triangleright
The company relies on the Great Refining Chemical Platform for the development of new chemical materials, smoothing the cycle and sustaining the benefits, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating for the hemorrhoid petrochemicals. Risk factors: large oil price shocks; new capacity-building less advanced than expected; new capacity contribution
Performance falls short of expectations and prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly; risks of excess refining capacity; downstream risks of slow recovery of product profits; risks of significant additions to the petrochemical sector from “carbon neutrality” policies; and global economic recovery.
Member of the Board of Nuclear Experts, Member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society and member of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal- and energy-related fields, and conducted research and research on the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations, and in June 2016 joined Sunda securities research and development.
From 2019 to the present, Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and Nanjing University of Finance, have been responsible for research on large energy plates such as securities and natural gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Second Sub-Society of the China Coal Industry Group. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in vanity, and applied research in proposed power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry studies. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Programme in July 2022.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for a Master of Science in Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, Southwest University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for coal.
Wu Bojing, a Master of Industrial Economics from Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, where the components of the coal and coal industry were not, were not or would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.