Billion Networks (300,628): Unified communication industry leader, unified communications industry leader, and few indicators of endogenous growth. Companies are the international leader in unified communications.
End-of-life solution providers combine R & D, marketing, and service delivery, and provide smart, efficient enterprise communication terminal solutions for global business clients through field-based processing.
The services sector of the six evaluation systems, the manufacturing industry, and the integrated communications sector of the firms in which the companies are located are still in the early stages of development, particularly in the context of the market for cip telecommunications, which is relatively rapid, as the leading enterprise in the integrated communications sector, and the company fully enjoying the benefits of the industry.
At present, the company’s market position in the telecommunications industry is in the uc terminal solution, providing mainly cloud application service platforms and end products.
Industry’s rapid growth has led to a rapid growth in corporate business. We believe that by 2019, the global integrated traffic terminal market will reach $49.3 million and $10 billion, respectively, and the global tip.
The advantage within the industry is likely to be the biggest dividend from market growth. At the same time, we believe that the concept of sub-units, a whole, is that there is a time lag between the development of the domestic ip communication market and the international community, but there is already one.
A significant number of users are using the ip phone. According to projections, the size of the Chinese city in 2017-2019 will increase from 672 to 980.5 thousand.
It's impossible to compare. Assuming the company's market rate is constant and the profit rate is constant, the product harvest is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
1. One leading international UTC provider for unified communications industry, with scarce endogenous growth, Inc. is the leading international UTC provider, bringing together R & D, sales and services.
Since its inception in 2001, the Division has been working to provide smart and efficient communication terminal equipment to enterprises. For a long time, the Division has focused on delivering products and services to small and medium-sized enterprises, including customers such as Hong Kong Telecom, British Telecom, West.
In recent years, companies have been able to sell their products to Europe, North America, Asia, based on strong R&D power, a single business structure for R&D, marketing and service, a system of channels to cover the globe, and a good partnership with internationally recognized firms such as Broadsoft, Microsoft, Hwa.
Harmonisation of communications enables business users to use unified communications technology equipment and software, such as telecommunications software, wherever and whenever they are available, for interconnected communication purposes.
Chen Ji-song, Zhou Ji-wei and Lu Yong-fu co-financed a limited association of 1.8 million yuan in registered capital, with shares of 55.56%, 22.22%, 13.89%, 8.33% respectively. On the date of signing the statement, Wu was the first four shareholders.
In 16 years, with the exception of the decline in the shareholding of Wu’s shares from 55.56 per cent to 28.57 per cent, there has been no significant change in the shareholding ratio of the three other founders, indicating that the management of the company is less mobile, more stable, and more extensive management experience and the cooperation of the four founders, and that the company’s development is highly desirable.
It is worth noting that the first six natural owners of the company have committed themselves to a 36-month period from the date of the company's stock listing.
Without transferring or entrusting the management of the shares of the company that they hold directly or indirectly, and without requiring the company to repurchase the shares of the ministry, the majority shareholders of the company are optimistic about the company's long-term development, while also taking control of the capital market with three product lines: sip in the short term and vcs in the future.
The corporate unified communications industry is still in its early stages of development, particularly the more rapid development of the market for cip communications, and, as a leading firm in the corporate unified communications industry, the company fully benefits from the industry’s dividends and achieves sustained and rapid development.
Based on the sip protocol, two or more end-to-end communication terminals are created via the Internet. Although the sip desktop tolerance gives it the size and flexibility to go beyond the traditional closed ip terminal. At the same time, because of ease of deployment and the income from battalion operations, the sip desktop terminal operations have a significant impact on corporate development (collect and net profit).
Sip desktop terminal operations are also valued and have been working on the development of new Sip terminal products of a variety of products that can largely be used to meet the needs of high- and medium-end firms, which can be broken down into t2, t3, t4, t6 and vp series. The t2 and t4 series are the best market performers in the sip desktop terminal operations.
The product series, which last year was 29.25% and 47.46%, respectively. t2 series, which mainly locates the SME market, provides users with high speech quality.
t3 series: t3 series terminal location of the SME market, mainly in the colour market. At the same time, high-end businessmen can also customize personalized pages, consistent with the usage habits of European and American enterprises.
Billion Network (300628). The unified communications industry leads the t4 series, which focuses on the high-end needs of large enterprises and groups. The highest level of industry in voice communications, advanced concepts in security design and great success in the European and American markets.
t6 Series: The company provides an odm product primarily for large clients. The company, with its leading technological strength and leading industry design and excellent speech quality, is a combined vp series for internationally recognized firms such as pccw, zultys: high-end and industry clients with multimedia communication needs.
The t2 series and t4 series, which serve both low- and medium- and high-end markets, respectively, are now performing well. The t3 series, as a result of the t4 series ' s same major colour-screen market, gigabytes of networks, but the t4 series is more competitive in terms of safety, appearance and performance, has led to the t3 series ' s gradual withdrawal from the historical stage, with the share of revenue last year being 0.18 per cent.
List of receipts due to overlap with the location of the Vcs HD videoconferencing system products, resulting in a mere 0.02 per cent. vcs HD videoconferencing system: vcs HD videoconferencing system is a new product series launched by the company in 2015 and is designed to be medium-sized with branches
Small business users provide a combination of products covering meeting rooms (main, branch space), personal desktop videoconferencing and collaboration to help users access videoconferencing whenever and wherever they want. Given the ease of deployment of Vcs high-resolution videoconferencing system products, network adaptability, wide compatibility, simple maintenance features, and intelligent penetrating and support of their end-products
Innovative equipment interfaces for remote maintenance can effectively meet the needs of SMEs for network diversification and cost savings, as well as the accumulation of firms ' customers in the SME market, although the product is currently in a period of pipeline construction and machine improvement, and the market response remains strong and demand is wide.
Currently, the Vcs high-quality videoconferencing system is constructed primarily from four major panels: Videoconferencing servers: the company ' s video-conferencing server is an integrated server that not only supports the full-scale resolution of 1080p30, but also attempts to use multiple encryption devices such as tls/srtp/https/dynamic passwords
. The company has launched a total of yms1000 and yms2000 videoconferencing servers, which provide business-level users with a better and more efficient experience of teleconferencing.
Full Quality Video Video System: The Vc Series is the new generation of full Quality Video Conference System terminals, launched by the Group of 100 at the beginning of 2015, which locates drying up to meet the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) for the use of various devices, various scenes of videoconferencing, as it has a high number of optical focal cameras, 8% anti-discard package, forward error and smart bandwidth.
The overall value of the system is very high, with sales revenue reaching 4.98 per cent in 2016, and the average Māori ratio of the product reaching personal desktop/mobile video: mobile video refers mainly to the mobile end of the high-resolution videoconference, which the company publishes in Penang.
The Go and Andre applications have launched high-quality videoconferencing apps, which have been very innovative in expanding video experience successfully to mobile end platforms such as tablet computers, smart phones, etc. At the same time, the company has launched high-end flagship t49g video helpphones for business elites and supports Microsoft Xp, win7 and above on its personal desktop.
Frequency of meetings pc end (Yaalinkvksktopsoftware), further refining client needs, with a high figure of 400 million individual desktops/mobile video terminals Video cloud management service platform for videoconferencing: Billion Alliance ' s launch of a videoconferencing cloud management service platform is a cloud-based platform
Management application services are built with nodes of global ministries in China, North America, Europe, Asia and the Pacific, with easy deployment, public ip and interconnectivity of various terminals, helping businesses to create simple, efficient and easy access to the source of Eastern financial intelligence.
Billion Network (300628): Chiefs of the unified communications industry. Figure 500 Million Federation videoconferencing cloud management service platforms. 1.3 Sustained growth in profitability and deep-deeping of overseas markets
While there has been no significant change since the company was founded around a unified telecommunications terminal based on the sip agreement, in 2010 the company began to lay the global market, gradually gaining international recognition, and now overseas revenue accounts for more than 95 per cent of total revenue, with developed countries such as Europe and the United States accounting for 75 per cent of overseas income and 62.47 per cent of Maori.
The growth of 35.7%, with net profits of $432 million, or 74.59% over the same period. The main reason for the sustained growth in revenue growth is a billion yuan, or 47.46% of the company’s total income.
So prices are generally higher, and on the other hand, the company’s global distribution channels have expanded relatively well in recent years, and it would have contributed to the sales of high-end products like t4.
The division’s integrated communications terminal industry does not generally have a clear seasonal feature, which allows companies to perform continuously and steadily throughout the year to maintain growth. Second, in view of the industry’s upstream and downstream industrial chain, the upstream base industry of raw materials is already fully competitive and the price continues to fall, thus reducing the company’s procurement.
Cost, market demand in downstream integrated industries increases the volume of corporate product sales. In terms of internal factors, the growth in corporate profitability is largely due to the company’s increasing capacity in cost control and business operations.
The Māori ratio of the main business has also been rising steadily, mainly because of the optimal structure of the company’s products.
The ratio is rising year by year, with the Māori ratio of the three major businesses climbing to 62.67%, 60.11%, and 74.08% last year, and the corresponding increase in Māori allocation is due to an increase in sales of primary business products, with Māori rates reaching 66.37%. Companies attach great importance to R&D inputs, and R&D costs are one of the most important components of their management costs in 2014.
In 2015, R & D costs increased by $34.3955 million, R & D by $38.7527 million and R & D investment in medium- and high-end product lines and in R & D-related rents, respectively, and the absolute amount of investment to promote R & D by companies increased by $4.35772 million in 2015 compared to 2014.
2. Integrated domestic communication markets are growing rapidly, and foreign markets are a top priority. 2.1 Cost advantages and distribution models guarantee the company ' s future market advantage
The company's operating income and profits have grown very rapidly in recent years, on the one hand because the light asset production model adopted by the company has reduced the cost of production processing, i.e., the company is responsible for product design, software development and product testing, procures all original materials on its own, provides production process and production process documentation, and entrusts third-party foreign workers to produce as required by the company.
Companies invest their main resources in core business lines such as technology R & D, product marketing, customer services, branding, etc. This allows production processing costs to be only 15.39 per cent of the company ' s operating costs, increasing product price advantages.
Eastern Source of Financial Surgery: The Alliance Network (300628): Unified communication industry, on the other hand, is due to the company’s marketing model. The company sells its end products mainly through authorized distributor channels, through which it sells its products.
Ongoing business development and marketing, and the establishment and maintenance of long-term stable business relations with authorized distributors, not only help companies to save staff costs, but also facilitate efficient global marketing channels and market share expansion. The distribution model is now the most central distribution model for issuers.
The vendor procures the product directly from the issuer and authorizes the distributor to pay the issuer, which is authorized to distribute the product through downstream distribution channels and ultimately sells the product to business users.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom has now been reduced to a very low level of corporate cost, and there is no room for further decline in the future, and if we want to continue to increase profit margins, sales will continue to grow.
2.2 The time has come for domestic market branding to blow, domestic voip markets are becoming more mature, ip phones are being used more widely, and many businesses have been consciously aware of the voip concept.
Second, the country’s policy has been relaxed, the three-net integration pilot has been launched, and the operators are also making changes to the voip network. Some of China’s three major operators’ voice operations have now turned to the ip network and gradually transition to full coverage, while the ngn, ims core network is being built.
Thus, China's market has great potential, and the billionaires have chosen this time to build brands for the domestic market just to take advantage of the pip-phone market, which, at roughly the same cost, is able to do well in pricing, and the consumer is willing to pay higher prices for the branded products because of the investment in trust.
Listing, and indeed increasing the visibility of their brands, is part of branding. The company’s future will create a good brand image in China’s market, a brand that implies a guarantee of product quality, and countless examples that show that the creation of an image of products will lead to great profits for the company in the future.
The development of the domestic ip communication market has been a time difference with the international community, but it has also grown from 672 to 980.5 thousand in China for some years now, with huge user market advantages that other countries cannot compare. Assuming that there is no change in corporate market ownership and no change in profit margins, the product harvest and profit futures.
From the point of view of product demand, the company’s future growth in domestic sales will also continue to grow. The demand for growth in the company’s domestic market comes mainly from two components: a customer who simply pursues low prices and a company’s series of low-end products.
To meet the needs of such users: another group of customers who want to pursue good value for money - good quality and good service is the basis on which to pursue as good a price as possible. These potential customers also have a very large consumer group in the country and a major customer group in the t4 series.
Eastern sources of financial and intellectual excellence 2.3 “China manufacturing” price advantages support overseas markets with average sales prices ranging from RMB 245 to RMB 1052, well below the international average.
More than 80% of sales. Companies have a strong cost-control capacity as a result of FSA processing and distribution patterns. In low-end markets outside the country, low-end products of major competitors such as Cisco 7800 series, Polycom 200 300 series, which cannot be matched because of the high price of the product and its low deploymentability disadvantage.
In terms of future global market demand for tipup, according to frost&sullivan data, global output and revenues will reach 20.5 million and $1,445 million by 2019. We believe that with the company’s current industry, we will be able to build on the current market demand.
Figure 112010-2019e World uc terminal forecasts and revenue projections
3. The industry has entered a period of rapid growth, with companies leading the industry, and is now the preferred category for the implementation of the Internet protocol call technology (voip) based on its size and flexibility. 120,000 cases have risen to 451,000 in 2015, and sales are projected to increase further to 981,000 in 2019.
The end-market share is 47.2 per cent, while its sales income contributes 43.4 per cent, while the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is Polycom, Yealink, Cisco, Grandstream and aaastra, which together account for the city's sales volume.
In terms of product positioning, the main players can be divided into two categories: international front-line brands located in large group markets, such as Cisco, avaya, Polycom, targeting the sale of high-end, high-quality, high-priced uniform industry end-products; and a single communications terminal located in SME markets.
Businesses, typically represented by billionaires, snoms, aastrachansh, and so on. These factory brands are generally well known, usually with relatively obvious advantages in prices, and product quality is approaching the level of the first-line brands of Polycom, Cisco, etc. The market share of companies such as Polycom, cisco, etc. is constantly being eroded.
The gap between skill levels, channels, and prices is gradually narrowing, and major manufacturers compete vigorously in the global market. The East’s source of financial sip global markets have five major players from the United States, Canada, and Germany.
Polycom: Polycom (Polyton), established in 1990, is a multinational company that provides end-to-end voice, video, data and multimedia applications.
In recent years, revenues from unified communications personal equipment operations have been rising, and the market for small and medium-sized enterprise desktop communications products is becoming the direction of corporate business expansion.Cisco:cisco (Scisco) is a listed company in NASDAQ, the United States, manufacturing and apparel for the world’s leading communications equipment.
Named the chiscospa series, which currently has a large market share in the market of the sip. Grandstream: Grandstream was created in 2002 in the United States as a design and manufacturer of ip audio-visual communication and digital surveillance products. Grandstream is headquartered in Boston, United States.
Dallas, Los Angeles, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, China, Hangzhou, Hong Kong, China, Venezuela, India, Moloch, ippbx, etc. Aastra:aastra was established in Canada in 1983.
Since 1992, aaastra has focused on the area of communications, where R & D and sales can reach the public snom:snom, established in 1996 and headquartered in Germany, is an enterprise with the main ip desktop terminal, with a market concentrated in a few countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, Italy, etc.
The East's financial and intellectual booming network (300.628). The unified communications industry has three main players in the Sip terminal market: local communications, landscape communications, and the Tang Go-hung competition with the company.
Location Communication: Shenzhen Location Communication Technology Ltd. was established in 2002 and has been working on ip communications products Billion view communication: Guangzhou City Vision Communications Company Ltd., created in 2001, has been working on ip voice, 3g-ims, ngn access and integration communication, and has now become the country's leading integrated ippbx, model.
Producers of digital gateways, ip-phone full-series ip voice products. Big Tang Goong: Big Tang Gao Hung Data Network Technology Inc. was listed in 2003 and is mainly involved in the provision of products, operations and corporate solutions in the field of data communications, industry-based IEC
3.3 Companies are in a strong position to compete in a strong industry, from a strong domestic and foreign major competitor, but companies still have a clear competitive advantage. In terms of sales volume, companies ranked second globally in 2015, with a market share of about 20,0%.
The company considers branding to be its core competitiveness and seeks to provide high-quality products and quality services to its SME clients, and has now achieved a return rate of up to 1 per cent in terms of product quality and a 7* 24-hour service team.
The quality of good products and efficient technical services have created a strong brand recognition for companies. During the reporting period, clients using high-quality innovation products from companies have a high profile worldwide, including large telecommunications operators such as Britishtelecom, Telefonica, kpn, pccw and Telstra.
And well-known businesses, including Citibank, Qatar Airlines, Kyouta, Fox Search, etc., have further enhanced the branding and reputation of companies, effectively helping them to expand their market share.
The company has a large and ongoing investment in research and development, and has a number of key technologies related to voip network communications, audio and video services, hardware reliability and user interactive experience design. The company already has many combinations of intellectual property rights in terms of technology and products, including 74 patents in China, the European Union and the United States, and 31 software in China.
By gaining accreditation and in-depth cooperation with more than 80 globally renowned system platform players, such as avaya, broadsoft, asterisk, genesys, and 3cx, the product has certainly increased the firm’s competitiveness within the industry in the field of specialization. Distribution networks spread around the globe have matured:
The company has 97 authorized distributors worldwide and stable relationships with the main cooperative distributors. The company owns three layers of product distribution systems: (1) a more sophisticated distribution network through distribution models for the global SME market and (2) a telecommunications operator market with the United Kingdom, Italian Telecom, Royal Dutch Telecom, Spain.
Telecommunications, etc., establish cooperation (3) for large business customers, working with platforms such as broadsoft, avaya, genband, microsoft, metaswitch, etc., to package corporate products into their integrated solutions and recommend them to business customers. The distribution model is a key factor in a company’s success and one of its core competitive advantages.
The East's financial and intellectual sources, the 3.4 project, built on the foundation of the main business, launched a prudent feasibility case and a full market survey of the forthcoming fund-raising and investment project, which is considered to be the current fund-raising campaign.
Gold invests mainly around the company’s main business, and in theory the investment projects will yield better economic benefits. The following projects will be invested when the funds are raised, after deducting the distribution costs:
The R & D of the generation, gigabytes and the R & D of the wireless video series are designed to improve and optimize the product system of the company’s end product and to increase the market share of the company, with the aim of increasing the product’s occupancy and sales income in high-end markets.
Growth rates, higher-end market ownership, have contributed to increased product bargaining power, higher product prices, higher net corporate profitability and future growth of the company, subject to consistent sales. (1) Integrated communications terminal upgrading and industrialization projects: raising funds is mainly used to upgrade 100-millimeter series terminals
(b) Research and development and industrialization of high-resolution videoconferencing systems: raising funds mainly for high-quality videoconferencing systems
Innovative construction and development of software and hardware systems, completion of system terminals that include integrated multi-point control cell functions More than 400 high-resolution videoconferencing system end products on a single vc, resulting in a combination of products oriented to different application scenarios that provide participants with an efficient and high-quality video experience, more efficient co-location and complete integrated interoperability
(3) R & D and cloud computing centre construction projects: funds are raised mainly for the construction of R & D and cloud computing centres, the internalization of areas such as public areas, audio and video laboratories, cloud communication data centres, medium-test production lines and technical support centres, the implementation of which can improve the corporate R & D environment and attract highly qualified personnel, while effectively integrating existing R & D of companies
Resources, changing the fragmentation of existing R & D regions, facilitating the sharing of corporate R & D resources, promoting sectoral communication and coordination, and improving corporate R & D efficiency.
Association Billion Network (300628). Integrated communications industry leader (4) Cloud communications platform construction project: funds are raised mainly for the development of a unified cloud-based platform, namely, the cloud communications operating platform system product, and for the operation of the cloud communications platform.
The competitiveness of corporate integrated communication end-products will be further enhanced with the effective implementation of fund-raising projects, which, after completion, will have a positive impact on the scale of the company’s operations, the upgrading of technology, the enhancement of profitability and the achievement of development strategies.
Companies are the leading international provider of unified communications terminal solutions, combining R & D, sales, and services, and processing them in a way that provides smart, efficient enterprise communication terminal solutions to global business clients. Since its inception in 2001, they have been working to provide smart, efficient communication terminal equipment to businesses.
The Division has been focusing on the provision of products and services to small and medium-sized enterprises, including internationally recognized companies such as Hong Kong Telecom, British Telecom, Spanish Telecom, Citibank, Qatar Airlines, Kyundong, Fox Search. In recent years, companies have built on strong R & D power, integrated R & D, marketing and service delivery structures, global access systems, and partnerships.
In terms of future global market demand for sip, data shows that, by 2019, the global integrated communications terminal (GHC) market will have been marketed in 106 countries and regions in Europe, North America, Asia, South America, Africa, Oceania, etc.
We believe that, with the company’s current dominance in the industry, the greatest dividends from market growth can be expected or won. At the same time, we believe that there is a time lag between the development of the domestic ip communication market and the international level, but there are already a significant number of users using the ip phone.
The size of China’s market will increase from 672,000 to 980.5 thousand between 2017 and 2019, with huge user-market advantages that no other country can compare. Assuming that there is no more than one company’s market share and no more profits, production and profits are expected to grow by more than 40% in the future.
For the first time, a “strongly recommended” rating was given to companies, and rapid market space growth fell short of expectations.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
Billion League Network (300628): Head of the unified communications industry, the source of financial prosperity in the East, a master's degree in computers from New York University, who worked as research and development engineer for the cloud platform of China Technology Ltd.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.