High-value ship deliveries raise the Māori rate and follow the progress of the subsequent restructuring.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) \triangleright
In the past year, China China has had a high base for the disposal of seamen ' s assets, with a gradual increase in the Māori rate for high price orders, and a three-fee rate that drags down the net interest rate: 24q3 net return profit for the same year was significantly lower because q3 had a high base of 2,521 million dollars in proceeds from the disposal platform last year, and the non-mortality net profit for the same year was significantly higher. According to Clarkson, the high price orders signed in 2022 were gradually reversed.
Yearly, we expect higher-value container ships, gas ships, and car ships to continue to rise in delivery (cgt) by Zhang Shigee. The 24q33 fee-rate ring has increased by 2.04 percentage points, and the net interest-rate ring has slowed down.
High-price orders are full + ship prices go up, and company forward profits continue to improve: since 2022q4, the \triangleright growth drive has shifted from market-driven to green-renewing demand.
In the light of the large green trend, shipping continues to be released, allowing new shipbuilding prices to continue to grow in 2023 against the backdrop of a significant decline in the maritime market, and order coverage to remain high. The Red Sea events have spurred a new wave of shipbuilding, which has increased by 6.32% since this year, with orders scheduled for 2027-28, and order coverage to remain around 3.60 years.
A sustained increase in earnings performance is still to be expected. With China’s heavy-duty workforce being absorbed, concern was expressed about the possibility of a subsequent restructuring: on 3 September 2024, the company normally announced that it would absorb the consolidated heavy-work industry in China by exchange of shares, and initiated the first step of the China Shipping Group’s resolution of competition among its counterparts.
Follow-up attention will be given to Chinese ships and other assets within the group, such as China Ship Defence (a+h),
China’s profits forecast and rating: China’s ships are the largest, most technologically advanced, and the most product-structured flag in the country. The ship’s green cycle is still under way, and companies expect continued profits to grow, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Environmental constraints are less than expected: global economic downturn and stagnating risks. Appendix: Summary of financial projections.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.