Incidents: On 9 August, BPW issued a 23h1 performance report. 23h1 generated $91.23 billion, or 7.5 per cent; net profit for mothers was $23.14 billion, or 23.3 per cent; negative rate, or 1.49 per cent; net profit growth slowed down.
23q1-3.7 pct, 5.0 pct. The negative profit-oriented impact of the provision has increased in the context of increased disposal of bad assets, mainly due to slow credit growth, down pricing, and a steady expansion.
Credit growth has slowed since \triangleright 2021, partly as a result of its focus on client and business restructuring optimization in the process of optimizing asset quality.
The quality of the asset continues to improve. The size of the non-performing loan, the ratio is “double down”, the \triangleright \triangleright 3bp drops, the bad rate has been down since late 2019, and the risk-pressure work has been very effective.
The Bank is based on a long triangle, with clear regional advantages and strong development dynamics; and the strategy is clear, continuing the construction of “light banks, green banks, panorama banks.” The current wind is either “controlling the downs and downs” or creating a gradual pressure on performance growth, but the asset quality indicators are showing hold.
The implementation of Phufan Bank's risk management “controlling new and old” has had a significant impact on the quality of assets in the medium and long term. And the company is based on a long triangle, where positional advantages continue to be consolidated, adding to the current proactive approach.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.