The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies is strong, it's far away, it's moving in the clearest direction, and the core barriers are still strong: the bulls that start with the converter business are already in place.
In the civil electric industry, where the market has begun to worry about the future growth of the converter business in recent years, we believe that the company is already in the future and that, as the new class matures, it is now officially clear about the future dynamic direction, which will be captured by the power connection, the smart electrician.
We believe that the extension of the brand image and channel of the bull’s “safe” brand has created a virtuous circle, building together the core barriers of the public sector, and gradually continuing in the development of multi-products. This virtuous circle will become public.
In addition, in April 2021, the company re-launched its equity incentive scheme, which will fully tap the development potential of the company and bind core team interests to keep the company on a new journey.
"The Bulls Group reports an evaluation-repair of internal work, and goes far away. Electricity connections: the converter business is still a “cash cow” and the new energy charger is starting to grow.
The converter business is based on the solid core of the bull barrier, its size can continue to grow steadily along with the expansion of the industry, and we believe that scale effects lead to cost optimization or an appropriate reconfiguration of the share of profit with the channel, that profit margin is still available, and that, overall, the converter business will remain the company's most stable “cash cow” in the future.
In addition, with the expansion of the new energy charger category, the company’s electricity connection business will grow again, and the need for the bull brand image combinations will suffer, with clear pre-existing advantages, and rapid growth is expected. The medium- and long-term high-end potential for multi-grade expansion: we believe that the company will expand the rest of the product categories beyond the electricity connection.
Not only can it contribute to the growth of companies in the short term, but we believe that the medium and long term, based on both internal and external factors, will also be expected to reach the height of the company in the area of converters. (1) External environment: the intelligent electrician lighting and digital fabric industry has a huge space of about 400 billion people and is currently fragmented and undetermined.
(ii) Internal advantage: the transformational business has a secure, high-quality brand image that is necessary for the expansion of the new product category, and the company has a strong network of offline channels, which are seamless because the extended product is in the field of pan-civil electrics.
At the end of the production, the company has accumulated the cost advantage of raw material purchases by trust converters, combined with the large-scale manufacturing advantage, which still has a competitive advantage when the cost of new items can be channelled into more channels.
b End-of-end channels are not expanding well; new product categories are expanding poorly; raw materials prices are rising significantly. 1) Electricity connection business: we expect a slightly out-of-industry increase in sales of electricity connection business, as electricity connections are the core business of the company and as barriers continue to tighten through channels and brands.
It is expected to grow rapidly, with total sales of electrical connection classes expected to be separate in 2021-2023, electricity connections close to other business raw materials, large-scale procurement and manufacturing leading to cost advantages, and we believe that companies are expected to reconfigure their profit shares with channels, promote further corporate profitability, overall
2) Smart electrician lighting: due to the high quality of company smart electrician products and the synergy with the electrical connection, we expect that sales of smart electrician lighting will increase as a result, and it is expected that the increase in the share of Led will reduce the overall level of smart electric lighting, but due to the big rules
Model purchasing brings with it cost advantages and increases in home-grown rates, and the impact of the scale effect is expected to be symmetrical, and I (4) sales cost projections: as the company ' s multi-product layout accelerates, future sales costs are projected 5) management cost projections: as the company ' s size effect gradually emerges, we expect future management costs
6) R & D cost forecasts: R & D is an important guarantee for companies to continuously improve their core competitiveness, and companies will consider that the market currently sees limited room for growth in the converter business of the bull core, but we believe that the value of this business, which is an excellent cash flow and can still grow steadily, is still high; and on the other hand,
Since the company is now offering a much more competitive profit channel, we believe that the company can fully re-construct the profit share in the current situation, which now accounts for more consumers, so that the company will further open up the business.
According to our estimates, the size of the recharged gun/pump market is expected to reach $13.12.1 billion in 2025, and the bulls have introduced the charged gun category on the electric platform in June of this year, which is expected to grow rapidly in the future due to the “safe” brand image that fits the consumer needs of the class.
The market currently has doubts about the space for corporate smart electrician lighting and digital accessories, but we believe that apart from the fact that these types of products can be quickly laid up with a large network of channels and have a certain brand image, the company's raw materials procurement and large-scale manufacturing will be cost-effective.
(b) The market share has been gradually increased by means of the replication of the converter business; the catalytic factor in the rise in stock prices, 3.b end-of-pipe expansion, which is faster than expected;
4. Overseas distribution channels are officially opened. b End channels are not expanding well; new product categories are not expanding as expected; prices of raw materials are rising significantly.1 Development directions are becoming clearer and core barriers remain strong
In recent years, the market has begun to worry about the future growth of the converter business, but we believe that the company has already begun to do so and that, as the new product is becoming more mature, it has now formally defined its future dynamic direction.
We believe that the expansion of the brand image and channels of the bull’s “safe” brand has created a virtuous circle, building together the company’s core barriers, and is gradually continuing in the development of multi-products.
The virtuous circle will be an important intrinsic driver of sustained growth in the company's business, and the continued consolidation of barriers will ensure the company's success in “go far.” In addition, in April 2021, the company re-launched its equity incentive scheme, which will fully tap the company's development potential and bind core team interests and set the stage for the company.
The expansion of the product category has already begun, and the direction of development has become clearer.
For $10.5.23.1 billion, cagr stands at 17.7 per cent and 18.3 per cent, and after the outbreak, 2021h1 operations will be affected by the rise in the price of raw materials and the overall increase in the price of industrial products; however, firm-wide efficiency in value chain performance has contributed to effective cost control and better overcomes the bulk of the raw materials than competition.
The negative impact of the increase in prices has contributed to a significant increase in corporate profitability. The 25-year development of the retrench company has made it clear that the company, in parallel with its deep-farm converter business, began to move into the open-door area in 2007, with production mainly done by oem, and subsequently with capacity release.
Putting it on, turning it more into a home-grown one, with wall-opening operations earning $2.95 billion in 2020. The company began its march in 2014 in areas such as led, digital fittings, and in 2020, led/digital spare parts received $770.42 billion, respectively.
Although the ratio of converter revenue remains above 50% and core, it has steadily decreased in recent years, smart electricians lighting, digital fittings plates have gradually begun to drive growth on scale, and the Māori ratio of walled operations is higher than that of converters, while the Māori ratio of led and digital accessories is on the rise.
The direction is becoming clearer and the growth of multi-grade energy can be expected to increase further. Figure 3: Extensions started in 2007. Figure 5: Multi-grades begin to work together.
Figure 4: Core business converter revenue growth is robust Figure 6: Ratio of income from different product categories (%) Figure 7: Ratio of Māori for different types of operations (%)
1.2 The core barrier firmly builds the main logic of "go far" and the company insists on quality, while maintaining the quality of the product, creating corporate labels through marketing, creating a branding advantage for bulls and thereby obtaining brand premiums, which can be used to give distribution.
The lucrative and accelerated expansion of channels has created barriers to marketing channels that are more difficult to replicate by their peers, and it has been measured that the number of bull core business converters has reached 54.6 per cent in 2020, and that the "safe" brand image of bulls and the expansion of canals has created a virtuous circle in which corporate core barriers have been built together and continued in the development of multiple products.
The underlying logic of the company's “far-away” is the persistence of barriers, which are an important intrinsic driver of sustained growth in corporate business. 1.2.1 Precision marketing positioning + good-quality products continue to have a good reputation for branding.
While companies label high-quality and safe plastics as the sole label of their products, the segmentation of new product lines has remained accurate in recent years. The creation of high-quality slogans and brand images in consumers through the quality of safe and reliable products has led to a smooth break-out of the brand of the bull in the converter industry.
Lines continue to be connected to electrical safety and, as companies further refine their marketing of the sub-categories, the good brand image of bulls continues on a larger scale, allowing consumers to continue to pay brand premiums, 1.2.2 channel coverage is further expanded, and high profits + superior controls continue to be sticky.
By the end of 2020, the company had established more than 750,000 hardware channels, nearly 120,000 specialized building materials and lighting channels and 250,000 digital accessories channels nationwide, based on various product dealers.
The point is to further expand the advantage of the endpoints of the company’s Opu, orthopaedic appliance, and it is also clear that it leads the white power industry’s endpoints. The depth of the channel sank, the wide range of the terminal coverage is the cornerstone of the company’s high-market dominance, and is a barrier that cannot be reached for short periods of time, much more difficult to break in the long run.
Figure 12: The number of terminal points is ahead, strong channels are sticky, one reason: channel profit space is still large. High-quality product and precision marketing, high-quality branding.
Images bring brand premiums to the product, while at the same time increasing overall profit margins and offering more concessions, based on excellent cost controls. Cost-side disturbances have been greater in recent years, but companies have been better at securing channel profits, with bull converters up to 2.25 times the price of the mill when the final retail price is close.
Reason two: Professional channel management continuously binds quality distributors and terminals. (1) Companies use stringent access exit and appraisal mechanisms and rolling ladder discount mechanisms to stimulate dealer initiative, while continuously reshuffling dealers, retaining quality distributors, and effectively supporting long-term healthy growth of distributors. (2) General
The company's innovative sub-line “visiting” in the area of civilian electric engineering, based on a fast-distribution marketing model that effectively covers 112 million end-point distribution points for bulls and allows deep linkages between distributors and outlets. Specialized channels manage sustainable screening of high-quality distributors and, as channel management continues to optimize, single-handedly.
A steady increase in revenues for a distributor and node, gradually deepening the binding of companies with high-quality distributors and nodes
1.3 Incentives are being introduced on an ongoing basis to grant 668,400 shares (0.1% of total equity) to 523 core cadres and executives, with three-phased unlocking targets.
Gradual additions, deep binding of core team and corporate interests, on the one hand, highlight the firm ' s confidence in its future long-term development and, on the other, strengthen the foundations for its continued development.2 The quality of bulls in terms of financial indicators
The Bulls Group’s net asset rate of return continued to be much higher than that of their counterparts, reaching 26.9% in 2020, and the company’s leading position vis-à-vis its counterparts was largely due to the fact that net interest rates and asset turnover were significantly better than their counterparts. On the net rate, the firm relied on effective cost controls and brand premiums, with net interest rates at a level that had prevailed over the years.
More than 17%, far higher than their counterparts. With respect to asset turnover, the bulls have been at the top of their peers, except for the short-asset operation of the stellar intelligence.
Figure 21: Comparison of net interest rates on sales by peer companies Figure 22: Comparison of asset turnover by partner companies
There has been a certain increase in turnover days, and the overall stock turnover has been slower than that of bulls.
In contrast, bulls are more thoroughly implemented than the rest of their brands are for dealers, and their distributors and even end-of-life sales are more easily validated. Companies usually have a settlement cycle of about two months with major suppliers, but due to delays in the billing, payment arrangements, etc.
The factor, the actual payment cycle, usually two to three months, has been stable for nearly two years at 73 to 74 days in terms of the number of working days in accounts payable. Although Opper has a relatively high number of working days on future accounts payable, we believe that the volume of bull-based purchases can well further extend the payment period to take up up the upstream supply.
The cash flow of the counterparty is, however, more stable and relatively rapid in the payment cycle for the bull, owing, on the one hand, to its faster downstream collection and better cash flow, which enables it to make faster payments, and, on the other hand, to make faster payments, making it healthier to work with upstream suppliers and even to negotiate better purchase prices.
Figure 25: Comparison of working days of corporate receivables in recent years, the net operating days of the Bulls Group have been negative, with the net operating days in 2020 being -13.6 days, showing overall greater corporate control over upstream and downstream funds.
Compared to their counterparts, the Bulls Group’s ability to operate, its ability to control channels, and its control over inventories is based on its ability to control upstream and downstream activities. The net profit cash content of the company has been greater than 100% over the years, and compared to its counterparts, the net profit cash content of the bull is more stable, and the company as a whole returns.
Figure 28: Comparison of the corporate net operating cycle (in days) 3. Electricity connection: converters are still “cash cows”, new energy chargers start new growth Companies with a stable high-city converter business has gradually become a typical “cash cow” business
The traditional business, we believe, relies on the firmness of the core barriers to the bull, which, in terms of size, can continue to grow steadily with the expansion of the industry, while, in terms of profit, we believe that the cost of the scale effect falls or the appropriate re-engineering of the share of profit with the channel is still sustainable. Moreover, with the expansion of the new energy chargers category,
The company's power connection growth will be opened again, and according to our estimates, it's expected to be $13.121.1 billion in 2025, and the size of the bull's brand image-compromise requirement will be high, and it's expected to grow rapidly.
3.1 A typical “cash cow” business, with high profit elasticity, has become a typical “cash cow” business that can better support the rest of the expansionary financing, based on steady cash flow. No, from a scale perspective.
It can be denied that the converter market is at a mature stage, but the rise in household power holdings leads to an increase in the number of converters and the increase in the price of the consumer uplift, and the co-benefits can still drive the market to continue to grow steadily, and we believe that the core barriers, the solid scale of the converter business, will continue to grow steadily. From a profit perspective, we believe that the public sector will continue to grow.
The Division is expected to increase profit elasticity by reconfiguring the share of profits in the channel and, with guaranteed growth in profit volume in the channel, by appropriate reduction in the margin markup rates that would significantly increase the marginal profit level of the company.
According to estimates, the market for converters is estimated to be about 820 million in 2020, with a total market size of 22,670 million yuan (in final-cost calibre), and based on historical bull-based mark-up rates, the market share of bull converters is projected to be over 50% in 2020. As a result of the continued consolidation of core barriers, bulls are already in a better position in the converter field.
It is hard to shake, and it is expected that the company ' s converter business will continue to generate steady growth in size as the industry expands. (1) Based on stock statements, the price of the plant is set and the profits of intermediate distributors and terminal distribution points are taken into account, and the average market-wide retail sales price is estimated at 25-30 yuan per month in conjunction with actual research on the line.
Second, it assumes a terminal sale price of $27.5. (2) the converter needs to be used for electrical purposes such as home, office, etc., where the household scene is primarily concerned with stock replacement, and we assume that there are four units per household. Assuming that the plugin replacement cycle is similar to home.
The electricity product is about 6.5 years, or 15.4 per cent of the rate of renewal; office use of electrical equipment is higher than in the home setting, assuming a replacement rate of 20 per cent for about 13 items per market subject, thus calculating overall demand.
The “volume” of the industry has increased equally, driving market-scale growth. (1) “volume” has increased: downstream demand for converters has reached only 16.7 billion yuan in China's small domestic electricity sector, which by 2020 had reached 453.6 billion yuan in size and 13.3 per cent in 8 years of compound growth.
As we continue to move up, there is still much room for upgrading small household appliances and holdings, thus driving the growth in demand for electricity-connected products. (2) “price” increases: consumer demand for high-value-added converters is rising as consumption rises, and consumers are relatively less sensitive to the price of converters.
Over the years, high-value-added plug-in products, such as functional cubes, cubic plug boards, have continued to push prices up, while sales have not been damaged. Industry has a real interest in relying on high-value-added products to drive unit price increases, moving forward and driving the expansion of markets.
Figure 33: Rapid growth in the size of the small household electricity market Figure 34: Small household appliances category and holdings (in items/inhabitants) 3.1.2 The profit share is expected to be reconfigured to drive higher levels of profitability
The company channels are deep down, they have more consumer minds, and the converter business has created a powerful barrier that has enabled the company to properly reduce the price increase and achieve the marginal margins of the company's profit level.
Companies’ profits: On the one hand, future expansion of the industry will lead to higher sales and higher retail prices, which will increase the company’s overall profits.
Rigidity levels; on the other hand, a lower rate of increase in channel prices and a partial shift in channel profits to companies allowing companies to earn water Chart 37: Company and channel profit elasticity calculations 3.2 New energy recharge markets are promising and bulls have a clear pre-emptive advantage
Based on the continued upswing of new energy vehicles, the continued expansion of space in the city of our new energy charger (barrelled guns, chargeposts) and the consummation of power chargers according to the policy of giving the mainstream vehicle charger equipment, it can be deduced that the brands are still in the early stages of production, with the distribution channels dominated by power suppliers and the overall structure.
The Bureau is not clear, the bull officially launched the charger in June at the electric power provider, and it is expected to roll out further in the next three quarters, and we believe that it is expected to increase gradually with the “safe” brand image and size advantage of the plug, with the market holding 6.03 million new energy vehicles, an increase of 44.6 per cent compared to the 44.6 per cent.
Market acceptance of new energy vehicles increases with government subsidies, and the penetration rate of new energy vehicles will continue to rise. We expect that the size of the market for charge-posts and charge-guns will grow as the new energy market expands.
On this basis, we expect new energy vehicle holdings in 2025 to reach (2) the higher demand for portable charge guns in general by car, so we assume that in 2025 we'll have a car gun of 1:1.2 and a commercial car gun of 1:0.5.
The exposure draft of the Industrial Development Plan (2021-2035) proposes the construction target of the car peg ratio for 2030 (3) based on data from listed companies, we assume that the average market price for the direct-flow charger is about 0.4 yuan/w, while, based on the downward trend in the tender price of the peg in recent years, we assume that the flow will be straight in the coming years
The average price of chargers will decline at a rate of $0.03/w; the average power of the direct chargers will be about 100kw, and the average power of the new direct charged posts will increase each year over the last two years. As new energy vehicle holdings continue to increase, so will consumer demand for fast and fast chargers of new energy vehicles.
The demand for fast-loaded portable charge guns is greater than the demand for consumption and market space, as most new energy cars are sold without portable charge guns, or with low power charge guns. The current competition for portable charge guns is still in the start-up phase.
Class store: Battery gun brand shop, auto supplies store, and civilian electrician dragon head bull shop. Since the bull's hand-held charge gun was put on the map in June 2021, the bull charge gun has been sold first all over the net for nearly 30 days.
3.2.2 Quality brand image + value-for-money, clear prior advantage for bulls, new energy chargers and converters are in the same electrical connection business, charge gun class characteristics are similar to converters,
All of this will remain the consumer’s primary demand, so the company is expected to use the “safe” brand image of the converter business to quickly capture the consumer’s mind and gradually build its own pre-eminence in the new energy recharge market. At the same time, compared to the price and quality of other branded portable chargers of the same size, considering that bulls are much more powerful.
Brand power, taken together, is more value for money, and we believe that value for money is not the result of a combination of supply chains that sacrifice channels or corporate profits, but is based on the size of the original product categories, such as plugs, that will lay the foundation for a more competitive new energy recharge market and a further increase in market share.
The medium- and long-term height of multi-grade expansion, we believe, will not only contribute to short- and long-term growth, but will also be expected in the medium and long-term to reach the height of the company in the converter sector, supporting the growth of the company in the medium and long-term.
This is due to: (1) the external environment: the intelligent electrician lighting and digital fittings industry is vastly spaced and the current market share is still fragmented, making it less difficult for bulls to enter; and (2) internal advantages: from brands and channels, the transformation business creates a secure, high-quality brand image that is required for the expansion of the new product category and the company.
With a strong network of offline channels, there will also be greater synergies as the expanded categories of goods are in the civilian electric field. By relying on the converter business, companies have accumulated a large-scale build-up advantage over the cost of raw materials procurement, which can quickly provide a competitive advantage over the cost of new products, which on the one hand can further guarantee the canal.
A profit margin, on the other hand, would be more competitive when companies move to more cost-oriented b-channels, external 4.1: the industry is large and unstructured, and later on, the civil electric industry as a whole is still competitive, with the exception of converters, and the rest of the product categories remain unchallenged, and
And the industry space for these types of goods is large, and the undefined industry environment in the large + space pattern makes it less difficult for bulls to enter into the various categories, and it also provides the basis for a larger number of items. Wall-opening plugs: the expansion of household appliances and the need for small-scale power-discrete wall switches.
With this increase, the size of the walled market is expected to reach $24.8 billion in 2020, but the walled market is still in a competitive phase, with a relatively fragmented share and still undetermined pattern. led lighting: as market penetration rises, policy support is added to the maturity of the led lighting technology, led
The size of the lighting market is growing rapidly, but the pattern is still not finalised due to the low technical barriers to Led's own products, the dispersion of distribution channels, and the low concentration of markets.
Figure 47: Size of market value of the various sub-sectors in China's lighting chain (million yuan) Smart door lock: China's smart door lock market penetration rate is low, growth space is high, overall market norms have accelerated in recent years, and is projected to exceed 28 billion yuan by 2020, with current professional brands, cross-border giants and the Internet
There's a lot of brands coming in, and the competition is just beginning. Figure 50: Smart door locks, lots of digital accessories: there's a lot of products in the field of digital accessories, mobile power, data lines, chargers, etc., market.
There is wide space, with mobile power sources alone and data lines in China exceeding 36 billion yuan in size. Moreover, with the rapid development of 5g, the demand for digital accessories is expected to continue to grow.
4.2 Internal: Channel synergies + cost advantages to expand enabling capabilities across product groups
At the end of the production, the company's switching operations accumulated the cost advantages of raw materials procurement and the advantages of large-scale manufacturing, which could quickly be added to the new ones.
Cost has a competitive advantage, which, on the one hand, further guarantees profit margins for channels, and, on the other hand, allows companies to have a competitive advantage when they move to more cost-oriented b-channels. 4.2.1 Channels are collaborative, branding can be instrumental in the development of multiple products.
There is a degree of convergence in the channels of business and converter business under the company’s flag, and the deep sink channels of converter business provide a solid basis for the expansion of other lines of business, enabling the rapid diffusion and marketing of products of all types, and raising product visibility and market ownership. At the same time, companies are highly qualified in converter business.
Bits and brand images also provide quality marketing and image-empowerment for various product categories, matching consumer demand for the safety and security of the civilian electric industry. 4.2.2 Raw materials are close to each other and raise the cost advantage.
At the end of the manufacture, the raw materials of the bulls are close and stable in cooperation with the suppliers, and large-scale purchases give them a purchasing cost advantage over competing competitors. Moreover, the bulls use the oems to fast-track the listing of new items, and then plan their own production capacity according to market requirements, raise their own rates and reduce their costs further.
There is a cost advantage to both wall-opening and led lighting operations. Corporate wall-opening operations have a cost advantage compared to their counterparts, as the unit cost advantage has resulted in lower overall unit costs, demonstrating the cost advantage of a strong scale effect.
As a result, the Māori rate is also high in the industry, and the profit advantage of the cost advantage is still apparent. (1) The raw materials are similar, large-scale purchases have cost advantages, and the main raw materials and converters of the bull’s other types of business are similar, and the company’s raw materials account for more than 80 per cent of the total cost.
In order to maintain stability in the overall purchase costs of raw materials, bulls have established long-term and stable strategic partnerships with key raw material suppliers, such as plastics and copper. The top five suppliers have maintained their share of procurement at more than 20% in recent years, and continued large-scale purchases have helped bulls to maintain a higher profile at the end of the supply chain.
There is a clear advantage in the procurement of major raw materials, such as plastics, copper and hardware. The company’s procurement of primary raw materials as a percentage of total procurement has steadily declined. While the market value of raw materials, such as copper and plastic, has indeed declined, it is still mainly because of the public cost advantage that bulls begin to have as the procurement model has expanded and matured.
In the first half of 2019, for example, bulls pc, pp, abs and copper have a purchasing advantage of 8.1 per cent, 28.6 per cent/9.6 per cent/50 per cent compared to the market price of the main raw materials.
(ii) Use oems to supplement production and assist new products to be marketed, with high self-sufficiency and high scale-down costs continuously increasing, gradually leading to scale-downs. The bulls, in new areas such as light belts, data lines, car chargers, mobile power sources, use force oems to quickly market new products.
The need for home-grown capacity planning for the construction of plants, such as data lines and digital components such as mobile power sources, has significantly increased home-made rates, the converter/led/digital components self-manufactured rates have moved from 77.5 per cent to 84.3 per cent and 31.7 per cent in 17 years, the self-control rates are expected to increase further, and the bulls are expected to control more profit chains in the industrial chain.
In order to achieve a cost and profit advantage, it is proposed to make profit projections and investments — core assumptions.
1) Electricity connection business: As electricity connection is the core business of the company, and as channels and brands continue to tighten barriers, we expect that sales of electricity connection business will continue to grow slightly beyond industry, that new energy charging products will be expected to be similar to other business raw materials, that large-scale procurement and manufacturing will have cost advantages, and that we believe that companies do.
Reconstructing the profit share of the pipeline and promoting further corporate profitability, as a whole we expect 2) Smart Electric Lighting: due to the high quality of the company ' s smart electrician product and the synergies with the brand and channel of the electrical connection business, we expect that the sales of smart electrician lighting will increase, and are expected to increase from 2021 to 2021.
The increase in the share of Led operations will reduce the overall rate of profit from smart electrician lighting, but due to the cost advantages of large-scale purchases and the increase in the self-control rate, the impact of the scale effect is expected to have an impact on the hedge structure, and we (4) projected cost of sales: due to the acceleration of the company ' s multi-species layout, one is expected to be sold in the future.
5) Management cost forecasts: As the effects of corporate size become apparent, we expect a stable management cost in the future 6) R & D cost forecasts: R & D is an important safeguard for companies to continuously improve their core competitiveness, and the company will continue to value the company in a reasonable way, in accordance with the relative valuation method of the market rate and in conjunction with the company ' s own growth.
In 2022, the median value of the company was 23.0 times higher. The core barriers of the Bulls Group were solid.
Figure 68: Comparison of comparative corporate valuations (MCP) 1, b end channel expansion: b end channel overlaps with existing advantage channels are relatively low and channel layouts are lower than expected to affect expected revenue;
(b) Significant increases in the price of raw materials: the cost of procuring raw materials for companies is higher, if future raw materials are taken.
Large increases in the purchase price will adversely affect the company’s cost control and consequently its performance. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market and then averaged the final rating as the market’s average investment