The net profit of shareholders was 751 million yuan, an increase of 152.93 per cent over the previous year; and a basic per share gain of $0.53 per share was achieved.
In January-September 2017, the number of new photovoltaic machines in the country increased by around 42gw, a 60% increase over the same period, and industry grew by far more than expected. The company, as a leading photovoltaic transformer, was the world’s leading company, with a direct acceptance of this year’s boom in industry. In 2013, the company entered the power station integration business, relying on its technological advantages, and made great progress, power stations.
Integrated business became the second profit point of the company.
The company takes advantage of development opportunities, expands research and development inputs for distributed power stations, gradually promotes distributed power station projects, and builds new competitiveness in the company’s power station operations. The company creates a home-based photovoltage brand, speeds up the distributional light market branding, while participating in the National Modeled Electricity Generation Zone project, and participates in research on key country-distributed technology topics.
A distributed power station operation will also be an important future profit growth point for companies. The East’s financial and intellectual boom, the storage-reverse business, has great potential, and the new-energy motor controllers have great prospects.
As a result of the rapid development of the domestic photovoltaic market and the declining cost of batteries, the storage market is expected to grow rapidly, and the storage-reverse business could become a new profit growth point for companies. At the same time, companies are moving from the core of reverse-changer technology to expand new industries, pre-positioning, and entering the new energy motor control market.
The company’s core business is stable, while profit growth is strong, the company actively expands its cross-industry activities, such as electricity control, according to its technological advantages, and the public administration will be more resilient to single-sector risks in the future. We expect the company to collect 8.5 billion yuan, 11.13 billion yuan, and 14.36 billion yuan in 2017-2019, respectively.
The PV industry is not growing as expected, and the distribution of PV subsidies is subdued beyond expectations.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and at the view of Zhou, who has studied it. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.