The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) has a super-high net interest rate, and space for cars and new product expansion.
Net interest rates are the highest in history and a sharepcb in nearly 10 years. Company q4 quarter 20.5% net interest rates have reached the highest level in a single season since the company was listed, and almost exceed a share that's already on the market.
3. The q1 non-repatriation ratio + 34% determines the highest level of profit for pcb over the last 10 years (except for Dan State Technology 2010 and 2012 annual reports). According to tracking, the main reason for the high level of corporate profitability is that the company ' s automobile product follows.
4. Reverse Growth of Automotive Boards, 5g/Data Centre Demand Recovering and Profiting, Lump-in Fixed Costs for Yellowstone New Productions, Optimization of Communication Product Structures, Active Control of Costs, as can be seen from the company ' s difficult circle of negative impact of the epidemic and high external uncertainty
The company’s fundamentals have been adjusted to a better state. Long-term demand certainty is still in place, vehicle and new product extension space has been released.
The strategic direction of the 5g in the country remains unchanged, so we believe that corporate communications can be maintained; secondly, the demand in the automobile industry is gradually recovering, and the proportion of high-end products such as the company ' s car radar pcb has increased significantly, plus the Yellowstone plant, which expands its capacity for motor panels and is actively engaged in certification and production.
So we think that the company's automobile business is going to go up; it's going to start a semiconductor test and the next high-end hdiboard associated with communications, open up again in the future, looking at the company's high-quality pcb supply over the long term.
The competitor's attributes remain the same and have a long-term investment value.
The demand for liuyanxue@gjzg.com.cn is not as high as expected; the share of the company is not as high as expected; and expansion leads to a decline in asset returns.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment