The company's performance for 20 years is slightly lower than expected, and future growth elasticity is largely based on car intelligence, an event review of the power share (002463), an annual report for 2020, and a total of $7.460 billion in operating income for the year 2020.
It's back, and autoboard operations are flexible to look at the high-end applications of car electronic intelligence and networking, and the parent company has a net profit of 1,343 million yuan, an increase of 11.35 per cent compared to 11.35 per cent. Compared to the third quarter of the year, when the company achieved comprehensive Māori in 2020, income and Māori have declined significantly, and we believe that it is mainly the company that has suffered higher rates.
The company’s performance was lower than expected, mainly because of the outbreak of early 2020 and the United States sanctions on our electronics industry’s leading electronics industry, which significantly reduced the global commercial deployment of the 5g network. In the second half of 2020, the 5g base station was associated with a low rate of commercial deployment.
Pcb products have been demand-driven, and, with more pcb peer-to-peer inflows and large-scale investments, the Pcb-related products of the 5g base station are facing even more intense price competition. In the first half of 2020, the new crown epidemic hit a number of whole-car manufacturing plants in the first half of the year.
Protecting, supply chain instability and low market demand, locking down, motor board market demand, falling sharply, low- and middle-end car production capacity with pcb, and more competitive prices. Corporate teams responsible for motorboard operations have increased their efforts to increase productivity and import new applications of new technologies.
Inputs, successful development of bsg control boards, adas master panels, car-borne energy panels, ceramic car lamps, panels, copper-plated plates, etc., and gradual introduction of volume production; production of the Yellowstone 2 auto-plate line and six months of production, company motor-plate business turnover rings increased by approximately 37.68 per cent over the first half of the year, and the Māori-ratio ring grew over the first half of the year in Beijing.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 28 Sinrixi Street in the West Side, sex is largely affected by the ongoing recovery of the automobile industry.
The new plan of the Luk family is for semiconductor testing and high-frequency high-speed communication Hdi production to improve production.
In 2021, with the application of 5g for eco-culture and expansion, 5g will become the biggest push for network infrastructure development in China (Sichuan) for free trade experiments, and as more and more information data are generated and moved to more and more places at a higher rate,
New-generation high-speed network equipment, data storage, high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence, etc.
Business growth in the corporate communications market sector is expected to be driven by a gradual migration from 5g wireless to network equipment, leading to a strong demand for high-frequency high-speed pcb products, and digital communications. Business will remain the most fundamental driver of growth in corporate communications.
The company now plans to invest 6,250 square metres per year in high-density interconnection layers for semiconductor chip testing and 16.5 million square metres for the next generation of high-frequency high-speed communications high-density interconnection layers to further improve the industrial layout, enhance the competitive advantage of high-end products and enhance customers.
We adjust profit projections based on annual reports, and expect the company to achieve business income in 2021-2023, and we maintain an “increase” rating.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with it.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.