(002463) Annual report, 2020: performance in 2020 in line with expectations, performance adjustment for output promotion and optimization
Events: The company issued its annual report for 2020 and achieved operating income in 2020 (7.460 billion yuan, +4.65 per cent), the net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company (1.343 billion yuan, +11.35 per cent), and the company actively responded to external disadvantages and achieved a rise in performance.
Communications and auto market printed circuit boards, supplemented by office and industrial equipment panels and semiconductor chip tests. Companies achieved operating income in 2020 (US$ 7,460 million, + 4.65 per cent) and net profits (US$ 1,262 million, +9.95 per cent).
The pcb industry as a whole has been affected by the escalation of friction pressure. In the first half of 2020, the automobile market was weak, construction such as the 5g base station supported the company’s performance, communications orders were reduced in the second half of the year, and the market climate in the automobiles has recovered.
Ten thousand dollars. Corporate sales abroad increased by 21.95 per cent, resulting in higher sales costs; significant increases in interest earned resulted in significantly lower financial costs on a year-on-year basis; and investment in R&D costs mainly related to high-speed communications and low-depletion circuit boards (112 gbps) critical technologies, which are currently low for m8 materials.
High-speed oxidation processes, n+n high-intensity technology companies already have bulk processing capacity, and companies have started to import 0.5 mm or more of their pitch products into production, focusing on the long-term development of the company.
Higher, but slower delivery due to lower demand for communications orders in the second half of the year. Business cash flows (1,565 million yuan, +47.10 per cent) were strong, helping companies to achieve a significant increase in interest income.
In response to fluctuations in industrial demand, companies have actively integrated production and optimized their product structure by adjusting production capacity to gradually develop the Yellowstone I plant into a company.
The company has planned to invest 6,250 m2 of annual production in semiconductor chip testing.
In order to further improve the layout of the industry, the building board and 165,000 square meters of high-secret high-speed communications for the next generation of high-frequency high-speed communications, the Capital Building Central Trading Securities Company Ltd. has increased its communications plate.
Research and development inputs, and the gradual development of key technologies for low-cost high-speed communication circuit boards (112 gbps), have already developed bulk processing capabilities for m8 materials, low-coarse high-speed oxidation processes, n+n high-intensity technology companies. We believe that the overall trend in building 5g will not change in the medium to long term.
In deploying its 2021 priorities, my Government also proposed “to expand the 5g network and the gigagram network to enrich the application landscape,” and the company will continue to benefit from the 5g cycle. The car plate will return to heat in the second half of the year, and new products will be imported into production.
The company’s revenues ($559 million, or 15.17%) have been significantly affected. The demand for high-end pcbs in areas such as adas (advanced driving support systems), new energy vehicles, etc., has been increasing in the second half of the year, with global auto vendors resuming their work.
Car plate h2 (770 million yuan, +15.10%) has risen to support the company as a whole. At the same time, the company has increased its investment in the import of new technology applications, the development of bsg panels, adas panels, car-borne energy panels, ceramic lights, copper-sets.
New products, such as plates, have begun to be imported gradually; the production and customer certification of Yellowstone's carboard lines has been well advanced, and a one-month profit has been achieved in the fourth quarter of 2020. Autoelectronics have become an important indicator of modern car levels and the requirements for motor board performance and reliability.
We believe that, as automobile electrification, intelligence, and networking deepen, the public sector’s car block business will provide strong support for corporate performance. As a leading company in the pcb industry, the company has been expanding its main business in recent years, owing to the epidemic.
The uncertainty caused by such factors as the friction of trade between China and the United States remains, but the general trend of building 5g and car computerization remains unchanged, and companies will benefit in the long term. We expect companies to account for more than 50% of the company’s main operating costs in 2021-2023, with a volatile supply of raw materials and prices.
Risk; uncertainty about mitigation of the new global coronary disease epidemic.