Rapid performance reports meet expectations and wait for recovery downstream Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) as compared to 4.53 per cent increase; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $1,343 million as compared to the same increase
• Slow growth in performance and adjustment of the Māori ratio of products to the order level. According to the performance report, the company is expected to earn $1.894 billion in operating income in the fourth quarter, a year-on-year increase, due mainly to a decline in communications board business orders, resulting in the overall product product of the company.
Structural changes, however, have benefited from corporate quality and technological advantages, actively managing costs, balancing and optimizing the combined Māori ratio of the order structure, which increased by 0.88 per cent compared to 2019. In June 2020, three major Chinese operators were in full operation despite the effects of the epidemic and the spring holidays.
The country is still building more than 270,000 newly opened 5g base stations, China’s 5g development is accelerating, and some cities have completed a full year’s construction plan for six months. But the country’s 5g construction progress has been affected by external friction in the third quarter, while the demand for data centres has shifted from high-speed growth to high-speed demand this quarter.
In 2020, the country as a whole added about 580,000 5-g base stations to promote a common 5-g base. We believe that the total amount of construction in the 5-g era will not change, but the peak will be smooth. Other areas such as Research Assistant: Hwa Jin.
New-energy cars continue to outpace global expectations, and it is expected that the company’s carboard business will be further boosted.
The depth of the idc base station in the 5g era benefited from the delay in the construction of auto electron 5g; the lack of capacity to expand the market; increased competition with the industry; and external motor power shares
The Yellow Stone I factory, the Green Ribbon factory, the Ultra Weibo power plant.
Yellowstone II, high-end communication boards, motor panels.
• Study of the pcb direction of the motor vehicle board, using information on legal compliance, and the independent and objective presentation of the present report, using data and information from the market, to which I refer
The information and comments in the report are for information only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, accepted directly or indirectly for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.