Debt cost advantages highlight the strong economic empowerment of Chongqing, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center recommends logic: 1) The broader context of the dynamic macro policy next year + the transformation of the Trans-City Economic Circle + the regional industry
Under this scenario, Chongqing's overall credit needs are expected to rise, the growth of the company is expected to progress steadily, with 24h1 loans accounting for only 46.8 per cent of total assets, a significant difference from the average value of 57.2 per cent for the label, and the existence of the company's capacity to optimize its asset structure to counter the negative impact of interest-bearing asset yields; (2) network points
In 2023, 32.2 per cent of county deposits and 1.8 per cent of the interest rate on deposits at the 2024h1 agricultural comptoirs were widely distributed, with a stronger and more solid cost advantage than 18 bp below the mark mark; 3) initiative to clear the historical burden, asset quality gradually improved, and the poor rate at the porcelain comptoirs fell from 1.3 per cent in 2020 to 1.2 per cent of 2024q3.
In Chongqing, where the regional economy is better, credit needs are expected to increase steadily. With the support of two strategies, namely, the Twin Cities Economic Circle and the “33618” modern manufacturing cluster system, the overall credit needs of Chongqing are expected to be better.
There are 1741 full-scale and deep-covering sites in Chongqing City. In 2020-2023, 33.8% and 33.8% of the total stock in the county.
33.5%, 32.9%, and 32.2% have a stable deposit base in the district. Depending on regional advantages and user stickability, a strong cost advantage on the end of the liability of the farmers’ comptoirs, 24h1 is already 18bp below the mark and is expected to maintain low-cost interest rates in the future, and, in the broader context of monetary easing in 2025, it is expected that interest rates will be released faster.
In addition, as Chongqing’s economy stabilizes, it is possible to increase the ratio of loans, raise interest-bearing asset yields, resist the pressure on the end of the asset to reduce interest rates, or hopefully reduce the interest-rate gap.
The write-off rate reached 184.1 per cent and 119.4 per cent, respectively, in 2020-2023, and was 0.4 per cent, on average, 15 bp lower than in other agricultural comptoirs. The pb corresponding to 0.54 x 0.51 x 0.48 x, respectively, took into account the continuous improvement in the quality of the assets of the agricultural comptoirs,
As the regional agricultural comptoir of Chongqing, it is expected that it will benefit from a steady economic recovery in Chongqing, with a robust scale: a regional development strategy, with steady growth in size, a diversified business layout based on local development.
Founded in 1951, Qing City Rural Credit Union was the first pilot unit to reform the Rural Credit Union in 2003 and officially listed in 2008; in 2010, Qing Farmers' comptoirs became the country's first listed agricultural comptoir and the west's first listed bank: in 2019, Qing Farmers' comptoirs successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange's main board and became the country's first “a+h”
By the end of June 2024, the company had seven branches and 35 branches, with a total of 1,743 establishments, and initiated the establishment of a financial leasing company, a financial management company, 12 companies.
1.1 The size of the assets increases from year to year, to the top of the farmers' comptoirs. The size of the assets of the farmers' comptoirs has increased steadily, to the top of the farmers' comptoirs. Data on the size of the assets of the 2020 - 2024q3 comptoirs reveals that the assets of the farmers' comptoirs are in the order of 100 billion.
As of 2024/9/30, Chongqing's Chongqing capital operating group under the Chongqing National Finance Committee had a strong shareholder background and a strong management team with an estimated 31.0 per cent share.
The shares held by the relevant parties, Chongqing Development Management Corporation and related parties, Chongqing City Construction Investment Corporation and related parties, and Chongqing Water Group held 13.7 per cent/9.2 per cent/7.0 per cent 1.1 per cent of the shares of each company, with a total shareholding of 31.0 per cent, and Chongqing State Finance Committee was the first major shareholder of the company.
The management team is experienced and the system of governance is well established. Mr. Xiang Jun, President and Acting Chairman of the Agricultural Bank, holds a doctorate in economics and has extensive professional experience. He has held several positions, including as General Manager of the Operations Department of the Nam Chung City Branch of the China Construction Bank.
General Manager, Member of the Main Bank ' s Business Department, Vice-President, Executive Director, Secretary of the Board of Directors, Secretary of the Party of Chongqing ' s limited Automobile Finance Department, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Member of the Party Committee and Vice-President of Chongqing Bank Limited.
The combined Trade Control Commission, the Three Agricultural Financial Services Commission and the Consumer Rights Protection Commission have a total of eight specialized committees that provide guarantees for sound banking and scientific decision-making.
Financial licences are rich and contribute to the development of integrated services.