Volkswagen Cars (600741); Explosion of Littsra, Volkswagen Automotive Series (I)
In 2018, the company collected $157.2 billion, and the company's business was to develop, produce and sell spare parts for stand-alone cars far more widely than for other parts of the country. The company's business covered the headlights, interior accessories, chassis, cars.
The company's business is from upper steam, but electronics, functional devices, thermal processing, new energy sources, etc.
The main operations are car interior and interior accessories, gold-forming and molding, functional devices, electrical and electronic appliances, heat and heating.
Tesla's state-made car order, with a single-car kit in the lead. Shanghai Secoli works, new energy, etc., under the company's flag, is the largest domestic business in the country, where the company has access to Tesla's hot steel body parts, as well as some of the stress matrix operations; and Yangtze Road.
The largest variety of products, the widest range of customers, and the ability to develop applications, the company has acquired Tesla's seating and the company Yampizo has acquired external services such as bumpers.
Tesla’s hot-forming steel parts are critical to the safety of new energy vehicles and have high thresholds. Model3 does not use all-aluminium bodies similar to those of Modedels, but uses a mixture of steel and aluminium in the United States.
iihs' collision test has done well in the next three to six months. The battery safety of the new energy vehicle has been a market concern in recent years. 2020-03-26 is expected to reveal 2019.
The emphasis is on the value-added of the components. The process and equipment thresholds of the hot steel form are very high and used to be held by a few foreign investors, and only a few countries, such as steel, China, Lingyun and Ningbohuashang, have been able to pay their debts and cross-share their shares:
We believe that heat-forming steel is a low-cost, light-quantified tool for future penetration, with 58.3% of the upper gas group (600104.sh) holding its own company with room for upscaling. Using the Tesla opportunity, the Chinese automobile is expected to promote the use of components of the thermal-forming steel.
The state-produced Tesla battery shell operation will significantly increase the company’s new energy package. Currently, the battery shell has a larger number of entrants, but there is a greater advantage in the entire vehicle platform of the Chinese shareholders and more than 52 weeks of share price range operations for the companies under the flag.
1. China’s motor parts and components are the main source of total new energy.
In 2018, the company collected $157.2 billion, far more than the rest of the country’s spare parts. By integrating the fleet’s full-scale and joint-venture spare parts operations, China’s cars gradually achieved coverage of most of the subsystem areas of the vehicle.
In the early years, the company built on the upper-air system, the upper-air industry, the upper-air mass and the self-car industry, actively expanding through a market-based model, with most of its main operations now spread throughout the country, except in the Japanese sector. In recent years, the company’s growth rate has been higher than that of the upper-car fleet, both because of the company’s active development of customers outside the upper-air system and because of the product’s products.
A good customer structure and a rich product line layout have given companies a very strong risk-resistant capability. The Chinese automobile is widely deployed in the new energy sector, among which are: Electric power control: the company and the global motor chassis giant, the Canadian company McGurner, has developed a pure electric power drive to produce a motor vehicle.
The power-driven system always brings together the electric power, transformers and electrical controls of the pure electric vehicle, which are important components of the connection between the power source of the new energy vehicle and the driving system, and which play a vital role in the performance of the new energy vehicle. The development and manufacture of the power-driven system requires both deep understanding of the power function and deep mastering of the complete sub-scree on the chassis, with a high threshold. Only Fale Osyemens, the only one that can complete the development of the power-driven system at this time.
A few giants, such as Magnus, have now acquired the qualifications of a popular meb platform to produce a car in the country, and it is expected that in the second half of 2020, it will lead the country’s manufacturers. Battery: The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Sekoli, has a battery shell in Shanghai, and it has a Tesla package.
Light Quantification: The company’s thermal steel and aluminium pressurization operations (Secoly, Shanghai) and the chassis aluminium alloy casting technology (Shanghai conglomerates) are important components of the light quantifier technique and are essential basic technologies for new energy vehicles. Combining systems: the Shanghai Fareo developed the ibsg product of 48v micromixed system with its original generator, motivational technology.
Heat management: The company has a joint venture with the leading global heat management giants, Fareo and Three Electrics.
In 2019, the company mentioned that the Shanghai Secoli Module Technology Corporation (SETCOL) acquired the Texla Shanghai Model Cars, which were designed for business purposes, side-by-side and back caps. So we deduced that Satsla had outsourced parts and parts of the bodies that it could not produce itself to China, which were probably part of the high-threshold hot steel zero.
And Tesla's own pressurization process can be used for spare parts such as side perimeters, back caps, etc. The Chinese domain is responsible only for the design of molds. Figure 3: Teslamodel3 body structure, Teslamodel3 steel hybrid car, is well-crafted and has high heat-forming steel. Due to the need to consider the combined cost and light-quantified effects, model
Instead of using the aluminum body of Models, instead of taking a step back to the steel mix structure. According to the overseas Model3 maintenance manual, the steel parts of the body, such as a column, b column, and beams, were used in a large number of hot-formed steels. The heat-forming steel is more intense and efficiently saves material and has a lightly quantified effect; and the heat-forming steel parts are less expensive than aluminium alloys used for higher body costs.
In 2019, the model3 steel-aluminium hybrid car was tested in iihs (the American Road Safety Insurance Association) above the models.
And, according to the published model3 body structure, we assume that the hot steel parts of the body also play an important role in protecting battery bags.
Figure 6: Paragraph 2019 Teslamodel3 participating in the iihs test map, with a high threshold for the manufacture of components and components of hot-formed steel. The process of heat-forming steel is to press steel under high-temperature thermal treatment and then cool to the strength of use. The process is difficult to control, good quality is not easy to control, and quality is high. At one time, the process has a small number of overseas giants.
At present, the only manufacturers in the country that can make car parts with hot steel are the Treasure Steel Group, Shanghai Sekoli under the Chinese flag, Lingyun shares, and Ning Bohuashang. The proportion of national-made steel is also significantly lower than that of overseas vehicles.
The main products include: a column, b column, sledboard, door-blocking panels, front bumpers, top beams, bottom beams, front beams, etc. The company’s products cover most of the vehicle types of joint ventures and autonomous brands under the flag of the upper steam group, as well as many of the projects in Beijing for Benz and Chang An (joint, autonomous) vehicles.
Figure 7: The heat-forming steel product of Sekoli under the flag of China, the source of financial prosperity in the East, we believe that the company ' s heat-forming steel components, using the Tesla national model as an opportunity to promote it, are expected to further expand its municipal presence, especially in new energy sources.
The battery shell has a new energy business, and Sekoli under the flag of China has access to the Tesla-type battery shell. Based on car type information, we assume that the shell is aluminium.
The company, according to the company’s network of officials, already has aluminum alloy car structures with arc welding, aluminium alloy welding, aluminium alloy friction welding, uv sequestering glue, synchronized development of integration development capabilities, squeezed parts for secondary processing, etc.
The main products include: aluminum alloy ccb, pre- and post-aluminum bumper, aluminum alloy battery trays, chalks, car body structures, etc. Figure 8: Aluminium alloy products from the Chinese flag of Xekoli
The power cell casings are currently well-incorporated, and we believe that the advantages of the Chinese domain are: customer: rich resources and fast products. The design and manufacturing techniques of the power cell casings are still evolving rapidly. There are a large number of new energy vehicles under the company’s controlling shareholders, both joint ventures and autonomous brands, and the company’s battery shell designs can be quickly validated.
Competing ends: Technology routes are widely configured, and there is a risk of a hedge. Whether it's a vehicle-enhanced technology that can squeeze the volume of battery shells, or another battery-shell replacement company, the Chinese-owned company has a pattern.
Based on the above analysis, we believe that the company will fully enjoy the growth of the market for the new energy car shell.The profit forecast and valuation we assume is about $8,000 for the company’s bicycle support for Tesla’s national model, and 140,000 for the year 2020 for the model3.
Thanks to Tesla’s operations, we believe that the company’s share of new spare parts for new energy vehicles (e.g., power-drive bridges, battery shells, etc.) for other customers will also rise rapidly. We assume that by 2023, the company’s share of spare parts for the global new energy vehicle will exceed $18 billion.
Figure 9: China’s automobile fleets and forecasts 11.7 times the growth of Eastern wealth and wisdom. We appreciate the growth brought about by the company’s new energy vehicle business, and we assume that the increase in net profit returns over the next three years will be 17.1%.
The demand for cars is not as high as expected; the new energy vehicle policy is not as good as expected; the price of raw materials is rising dramatically.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Chinese car (600741: Lentsra, embrace new energy, research assistant brief Liu Yiming.
Qinghua University B.A., Master of Arts at Dartmouth College, USA, cfa holder, seven years of technical and managerial experience in the auto industry, both domestic and foreign. In 2018, he joined the East Hing Stock Exchange to study the auto industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.