A steady increase in performance in the first half of the year, with continuous innovation in the product matrix - Report of the incident evaluation of the St. State Holdings (300661.sz)
Operating income of $1,576 million, an increase of 37.27 per cent in the same year; net profit of $158 million, net of non-recurring gains and losses, attributable to shareholders of listed public zhanglu2@cfsc.com.cn
In the first half of 2024, the integrated circuit market warmed, corporate product sales increased, and the main business was in the areas of signal chains and power management, achieving business income, respectively.
The two main product areas together contribute to the growth of performance, with the power management product sheet, the growing abundance of the product matrix, and the continuous innovation of the simulation chip.
During the first half of 2024, the company's projects proceeded well and continued to launch a new product with full ownership of its intellectual property rights.
Items, including double-channel 2a flashlight led drive, commodulation input voltage range - 24v to 105v high-side current detection amplifier, 6a high-efficiency synchronised voltage 1, St. State shares (300661: 24q1
Source conversion chips, high-efficiency synchronized pressure reduction chips, car-level synchronised pressure reduction chips, low performance improvement, expansion of product product combinations, low-pressure low-noise level ldo chips, affordable -10v input voltage
2 St. State Shares (300661: Deep Farm Models High Speed Low Side Driving Chips, Ultra Low Inner Retardation Mosfet Chips, etc., Created the improbable chip field, 2023 q2 Income Ring Change
New product layouts and reserves are being enriched, input + core talent is tied, product categories are constantly expanding, companies are always following the path of autonomous research and development, guided by technological innovation, and no.
By the first half of 2024, companies had accumulated 301 patents for integrated electricity.
In the first half of 2024, companies spent long amounts on R & D. At the same time, companies kept track of market developments, particularly in applications such as new energy vehicles, photovoltaic storage, artificial intelligence, and intelligent manufacturing.
Good technology, intellectual property rights, and product layout and reserves, robust business growth, enhanced autonomous R & D capabilities, and rich product matrix innovation, growing core competitiveness, and prospects for subsequent harvests and profits to continue
I, maintain a “buy-in” investment rating. Risks, downstream demand, fall short of expectations.
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Ludjoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shuu: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023, who joined China to reflect his research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.