São Paulo shares (300661.sz) Second quarter revenue increased by 33 per cent on a year-on-year basis, improved profitability 37 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and net profit on a mother-on-year basis doubled on a year-on-year basis.
The huhui2@guosen.com.cn people, who account for 73.06% of the company’s total workforce, are engaged in integrated circuits for 10 years and over 372 people. Both products increased their earnings in the first half of the year, and the power management product Māori rate increased in the same year.
In the first half of the year, the electricity management product generated 1,038 million yuan (yoy+46.3%), or 66%, and research and development projects proceeded well and new products were launched on a continuous basis. In the first half of the year, the company ' s research and development projects proceeded well, with a 52-week maximum/minimum price.
Ongoing roll-out of new products with fully autonomous intellectual property rights, including dual-channel 2a flashlight led drive, commodulated input voltage range from 24v to 105v high-end current detection amplifier, 6a high-efficiency and step-down power conversion chip, and fast-track transient response based on autonomous research and development of the amp-cot architecture
Capable high-synchronous pressure-relief chips, car-synchronous pressure-relief chips, low-capacity low-pressure low-noise rules, high-speed low-side drive chips with --10v voltage, synchronous pressure-relief chips to support external bell-synchronous frequencies, ultra low-inner-resistance mosfet chips, etc.
The company keeps track of market developments, particularly in new energy applications such as vehicles, photovoltaic storage, artificial intelligence, and intelligent manufacturing, and is active in technology, intellectual property rights and product layout and storage.
Good sales performance has been achieved in the areas of telecommunications, material networking, smart households, wearing equipment, drones, smart manufacturing and so on, and client groups have been expanded. Subsequent firms will continue to take advantage of product performance and rapid market response, seize business opportunities in an accurate and timely manner, and further expand their share of domestic and foreign markets.
São Paulo shares (300661.sz) - Fourth quarter net profit ring improvement -
São Paulo shares (300661.sz) - Pan Simulation Platforms are in shape, with thick and thin hair opening up a new 76/46/33x. We look forward to the long-term growth capacity of the company as a simulator platform, São Paulo shares (300661.sz) - a 15% increase in three-quarter income loops, and car regulations.
Maintenance of the “better than the big market” rating. Figure 1: Corporate operating income and speed of increase. Figure 4: Quality of corporate profits
Figure 5: Single-season income and rate of increase for companies Figure 6: Single-season net profit return and rate of increase for companies Figure 7: Māori rate of companies, changes in net interest rates
Figure 8: Main rates of companies. Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion without any third party ' s approval or influence; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject