Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) at the income end, the company ' s income ring was roughly flat in the q1 light season, the q2 income ring was 16.23 per cent longer and the ring was improved in two consecutive quarters, indicating that downstream demand was warming; from inventory
Stock levels are gradually returning to a healthy state, and the recovery of the industry is evident. Māori q2 levels are stable, and the competitiveness of the company ' s products has been validated.
The global simulation of the Texan device (ti) is mainly based on the idm model, with nearly 80% of the crystal circle being self-generated. Previously, the droids were expanding 12 inches of crystal production and moving the current 6 inch line to 12 inches to further reduce the cost of the product.
Approximately $5 billion in radical capital spending has caused markets to worry about new expansion capacity affecting existing competition patterns. But, starting with 22q4, with the downside of the global simulation cycle and the rise in domestic simulation pole competitiveness, ti’s income has fallen for six consecutive quarters, and the Māori rate has fallen from nearly 70% of its historical highs.
By the latest 58%, radical capital spending was unsustainable, and the Texas instrument, during its telephone conference on August 20, directed 26 years of capital spending from $5 billion down to $20-$50 billion to reduce the pressure on gross interest rates and cash flows and, to a certain extent, to alleviate market concerns about the deterioration of competitive patterns.
..the companies are expanding their product lines and strengthening their competitive advantages, as we assess in the first quarter, that the growth of simulations is due to product expansion, that the product coverage is the top priority of simulation chips. The companies are steadily ahead of the growth path of simulations.
All right. According to the company ' s semi-annual report, the company has 32 major categories of over 5,200 products available for sale, with 301 cumulatively authorized patents in the first half of the year. New items introduced include: commodulation in voltage range.
-24v to 105v for high-side current detection amplifiers, 6a for high-efficiency synchronized voltage power transfer, chips, car-synchronous pressure reduction chips, high-speed low-speed drive-down chips with --10v voltage, etc. We see the company's new product coming up faster and increasing its competitive edge.
Li Mei-hyun, a master’s degree from the Chinese People’s University, joined Huaan Securities in January 2024.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information and using publicly available information from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.