The company is a leader in the feed industry, mainly in livestock and livestock.
Production of aquatic feed, seedlings and pig farming Business, company feed sales amounted to 10 million tons per year, an increase of 18 per cent compared to the previous year, with a 30 per cent increase in poultry, a 16 per cent increase in aquatic production and a 16 per cent increase in pig feed
A step-by-step four-point competitive advantage, with the Māori rate rising by almost 2 percentage points over the same year; a drop in pig feed to the service, where the Māori rate rose by 0.5 percentage points in reverse; and a maintenance of a dominant position in aquaculture, where the Māori ratio remained stable. The company’s diversified product structure resisted the risks associated with downstream farming fluctuations, and the company’s ownership of the product structure was reduced to a total of 0.5 percentage points.
With the accumulated product strength and service marketing teams over the years, there has been an increase in the volume of the feed at various ends, and industry competitiveness has been highlighted. Strategic plates have continued to fill the company’s industrial chain. As an important part of the marketing of services, companies have been able to protect themselves.
In the first six months of pig farming, companies increased 390,000 pigs by 30% from the same year, and are expected to show 800,000 to 1 million during the year, with a profit contribution in the second half of the year.
The final shape of the development of the agro-pastoral group will be the agro-food group that brings together the entire industrial chain, and the strategic layout today is the firm’s essential support, from the leader to the giant.
At this stage, the firm’s central advantage in the market is its cost advantage and its ability to market services. So we believe that the strong of the feed industry will continue to grow.
It is clear that companies, as champions of core competitiveness, will benefit fully from the outcome of industrial integration.
The Great Sea Group (002311). Pluralized layout is risk-resistant, the Matthews are strong, and the East is a source of wealth and wisdom.
M.A. in Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry, focusing on the sub-sectors of livestock farming, feed protection, pet food, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
China Group (002311). Multiple layouts are resistant to risk, and the power of the Matthews does not guarantee any change in the information and advice they contain. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.