The company's evaluation of the agro-forestry and fishing industry, the two-fold rise in the amount of avian material, looks at the contribution of 19h2 pigs to the performance of the big ocean group (002311.sz).
Xie Chi Yu 2, our analysis and judgment 1) 19H1 performance growth robust and in line with market expectations
In 2019, h1, the company achieved operating income of $21,064 million, i.e. +19.14 per cent, of which feed/former 2) produced two-fold increases in the volume of poultry, and the reverse growth in the ratio of pig-rich Maori was 5.39 million tons, i.e., 18 per cent, of which water/fowl/pigs were sold in 19h1 companies, i.e., 5.39 million tons, i.e. + 18 per cent.
0.31pct. 1) Aquaculture sales in companies are higher than industry averages and are further optimized, with shrimp, special aquaculture sales + 20 per cent, Māori stable, general aquaculture + 10 per cent, and Māori slightly lower. 2) Benefiting from increased livestock production in the poultry market and a rapid increase in sales of company poultry;
At the same time, the meat and poultry landscape is high, with advantages such as the size and operation of the company ' s poultry, and the company ' s poultry-rich ratio has increased by almost 2 pct, leading to increased feed profitability. 3) The impact of the African pigpest, which has a severe decline in pig production, has had a direct impact on feed sales.
In the future, as the epidemic is brought under effective control, the amount of pig supplementation will increase, and the amount of pig food sold will return to the growth path. 3) The culture of pig production continues to improve, and performance is expected to improve in the second half of the year.
In 19 H1 registered 390,000 pigs, an increase of 30% over the same year, of which the ratio of self-reliance to the “company + farm” model was 1:7 and the company income from pig production was $649 million. According to Boa and Tse, Guangdong Province q1 and q2 pigs at an average cost of approximately $13.16/kg, $14.92/kg. 19q2 were plagued by African pigs.
The effects of the increased epidemic in the South, the persistently low prices of pigs, and the impact on the company’s profits from pig production. We believe that, as demand rises in the second half of the year, the gap between supply and demand will grow, prices will be innovative, and corporate performance will benefit significantly.
The company’s performance will benefit significantly from the high profile of poultry production, which will continue to grow at a very high rate, with a marked increase in interest rates. 19q3 will be an aquaculture season, and the company’s water sales will increase. In addition, 19h2 pigs will be priced at an innovative price, and we will contribute to the performance of direct and productive pigs.
Risk of price volatility of raw materials, risk of price volatility of live pigs, risk of disease, policy risk, exchange rate wave