Research Centre for Resources and Environment (RCRE) Purchase of New Materials North (000786.sz) (first rating)
In 19 years, the company produced 2,752 million square metres and produced 1,994 million square metres, the world's largest cardboard producer, with over 60% of the domestic market. Based on the concept of "price-Ben-Li" business, the company's compound profits grew faster than the income compound.
The development strategy points the way and opens up the space for growth. The company proposes a development strategy for "One Wing, Global Layout" with a cast plate at its core, and a package extension of "Spareboard Plus" for light steel bones, and a global extension.
A layout that expands to water and paint. It is planned that the gypsum production capacity will increase from 2,752 million square metres to 5,0 billion square metres, that the domestic market share will increase from 60% to 80%, that the production capacity of the bones will increase from 420,000 tons to 500,000 tons, that the matching rate will increase from 10% to 80%, and that of the waterproofing industry in the top three sectors.
In 14 years, China produced 3.44 billion square metres of gypsum, in 19 years, China produced 3.32 billion square metres of gypsum, and our cardboard industry entered the stock age. The company’s share of the market will increase further, thanks to the layout of the upstream desulphurization and downstream distribution channels.
The bone is growing rapidly, and the match rate is rising. The industry has low entry thresholds and low industry concentration. Client resources have a high degree of overlap due to the use of bones in combination with gypsum boards.
In the first half of the twentieth century, in the context of a decline of 12 per cent in the income of the gypsum tablet, the fracture income grew by 14 per cent, and the matching rate increased further.
Mergers and acquisitions entered the water sector, with great potential for growth. In 19 years, the company entered the water sector by acquiring three water-protected businesses, only after an initial consolidation in the first half of 20 years, with water-protected operations earning 1.387 billion yuan and a Māori rate of 35.09%, on the basis of their original capacity and channels, and three years ahead of schedule.
During the year, there was a potential for further expansion of the company's water-proof production base, with a high potential for water-proofing operations.
Uncertainty; exchange rate fluctuations; recurrent outbreaks; risk of holding and pledge; cardboard sales: 2,752 million square metres in 2019, 1,994 million square metres in production and 72 per cent in capacity utilization.
2) Prices for gypsum boards: A slight fall in the company ' s price of gypsum boards in 2020, affected by the epidemic. With the shortage of imported waste paper materials and the start of post-occupancy renovations, with 60% of the company ' s city share, projected 4) bone income and Māori ratio: the bone is the company ' s business that has developed so hard in recent years, coupled with the gypsum.
The company’s production income grew by 30/30/30 per cent per year. Reference is made to Māori for Dragonbone Operations in mid-2020 Waterproof Income and Māori Rates: As Integration advances and the sharing of existing customer and channel resources, it is expected to give us a perspective that is distinct from the market.
We believe that the gypsum industry has entered the stock age, and that short-term repairs will increase demand. In the long run, as China’s real estate industry ends its golden age and domestic renovation habits favour, the gypsum demand will continue to grow at a lower rate.
The market fears that cross-border entry into the castboard industry in Shandong will lead to increased competition in the market and affect the profitability of new materials in North Korea. We believe that there are a lot of gypsum products in the North, with high-, medium- and low-end products in place. Unlike bulk product sales, the gypsums need brands and channels to accumulate, short-term.
It is difficult for new entrants during this period to shake the company’s position in the industry. Enterprises that cross the border into the gypsum can benefit from a higher concentration of the industry, based on their own whole industry chain layout, competitive production costs, a greater impact on SMEs in the industry, and a higher concentration of the industry.
1) Real estate regulation phase relaxes 2) Aquatic anti-aquatic energy expansion, coating down, multi-species expansion continues.
Since the third quarter of 2020, real estate regulation has become more stringent, three red-line policies, some housing finance issues, and market concerns about the real estate sector and the return of b-end customers, which will have an impact on plate and company valuations.
After more than 40 years of development, the company has become China’s largest green new building materials group and the largest castboard industry in the world.
By the end of 2019, the company’s brand value stood at $69,868 billion, with China’s 500th most valuable brand, and had been elected Asia’s 500th best brand for many years and the top three in the Asian branding industry.
Chart 1: Founded in 1979.
The cast board, the first stone, the cast board.
Kyoto Building Materials Industry, "One Plasmodium Production
To jump into the world, the material experiment is called "The Dragon."
"The dream cast, the two wings." Tarzan gypsum.
As of 30 June 2020, the total stock stock of the company was 1.69 billion shares. The public department with limited shares in Chinese construction materials held 37.83% of the company’s shares, held the company’s shareholdings, and the Chinese building materials group actually controlled the company.
People. The head of the Thaksin gypsum was the fourth largest shareholder in the company, with 5.09% shareholding in the same spring. 1.2 “Paste” + “waterproof” business is growing in size, with the growing scale of sales and the overall growth in corporate operating income.
The deduction of a 20% compound increase in net profit, not later, to the parent, is related to the firm’s “price-cost-profit” concept, which has the effect of a gypsum litigation (reduced net profit of $1.794 billion) and a significant decline in corporate profits. The impact on profits is one-time, after the event has been eliminated, and the firm’s net profit level remains high.
In terms of corporate profitability, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate have shown an overall upward trend. In 2019, the company ' s Māori sales rate was 31.86 per cent, a decrease of 3.46 percentage points from the year to year, mainly in line with the requirements of the new revenue guidelines.
The profitability of major businesses is strong, and the adjustment of accounts has had a one-time impact on the Māori rate. The net interest rate on corporate sales was 3.43 per cent in 2019, a 16.31 percentage point decrease in the same year, mainly due to the annual decline in the number of cases in the United States of America castboards, mainly due to the increase in the cost of the period due to the acquisition of water-resistant businesses in 2019.
The company’s main business is divided into four main categories: castpads, bones, waterproofing, and so on. With the company’s acquisition of three waterproof companies – the sheep, the thumbs, the thumbs, the kings – in 2019, the waterproofing business (waterproof rolls, waterproof paints, and waterproofing works) became another pillar after the gypsum.
The company achieved annual operating income of $6,922 million, of which $4,472 million, or 64.61 per cent, were castpads;
As a new type of building material with light weight, high strength, thin thickness, ease of processing and excellent performances such as soundproofing, insulation and fire protection, the cast board is widely used in residential, commercial and public buildings as interior walls, wall cover panels, ceilings, soundboards, ground floor panels and various decorative panels.
According to the Tarzan cardboard production process, the production process can be divided into four steps: (1) clinker preparation: industrial by-product gypsum is made available for cooling and cooling, mainly beta-based semi-water gypsum, after refraction kiln burn; (2) material measurement and mixing: dry plus agent, wet plus mass blending into raw materials
Pulp, combined with the building cast in a mixer, and made into a cast magma: (3) plastic transport: cast and sheeting into a shaper, squeezed into a conforming cast board, condensed with top-down sheeting, condensed on a concrete belt, completed final condensation on the conveyor path, distributed into dryer; (4) drying and stacking: in
Upon completion of the dryer, the gypsum board is bounded by long cuts and complete automatic wrappings, and the finished products are stacked and packaged. Upstream, the gypsum industry is divided into two main categories: raw materials and fuel power. The raw materials consist mainly of building gypsums made of industrial devulcanized gypsums and scrap paper protection paper; fuel power is predominantly coal/steam/
Natural gas and electricity. The downstream market in the gypsum industry is more connected to real estate, with the application of the landscape to decorate public buildings and homes. Unlike overseas demand, which is dominated by household improvements, China’s gypsum needs are dominated by public buildings, accounting for about 70% of demand, and home improvements for about 30%.
Figure 8: China’s castboard industry, which is dominated by the renovation of public buildings and 2.2, is growing at a high rate, with the competitive advantage of the head enterprise becoming evident in the twenty-first century, has experienced a period of rapid development.
According to the Bureau, the production of cast boards in 2000 was only 109 million square metres, and in 2014 it rose to 34,44 million square metres, with a compound growth rate of 26 per cent. In recent years, owing to the slowdown in downstream demand, the production of cast boards as a whole has been maintained at a rate of 1 billion square metres, an increase of 3.4 per cent compared to 2018.
Although the cast board is a fully competitive industry with a large number of players, the North is a major player in the market with some foreign firms. The North is the world’s leading producer of fresh wood, representing industrial excellence, and can produce up to 50 million square metres per year, with more than 60% of the country’s cities and industries.
Three internationally recognized companies, Néfou, San Goban, and Boro, together produce about 400 million square metres of energy and produce up to 30 million square metres a year. The main players in the domestic cardboard market can be divided into three ladders: the first is for new materials in the north, Néfou, San Goban, Boro, etc.
Internationally renowned enterprises, whose production equipment, technology development and product quality are at the international level, are the main players in the current market for castpads in our country; the second is private enterprises producing 10 million square metres per year of single aircraft, which are located mainly in the regions of Shandong Pilgrim, Hebei Jinzhou and Hunan Changde.
A total of more than 20: the third echelon is a large number of small private enterprises whose product quality, environmental standards, etc. do not meet national standards. 2.3 Industrial policies add to the industry’s resource attributes, and leading firms will be stronger.
Industrial policy promotes greater concentration in the industry The technology and capital thresholds of the cast board industry are low, which has led to an influx of small businesses during the rapid growth of the industry, which has had a significant impact on the competitive order of the market.
The Industrial Structural Adjustment Directory (2019 edition) lists 10 million square metres/year (excluding) of paper gypsum production lines as phase-out and 30 million square metres/year (excluding) of paper gypsum production lines (except Tibet) as restriction lines.
According to the data, in 2017 there were 198 cardboard production lines with a total capacity of 4.3 billion square metres, of which 77 fell into the category of naughty children, with a corresponding capacity of 554 million square metres, or 13 per cent of the total capacity, and 7 single lines between 10 and 20 million square metres, with a corresponding capacity of 130 million square metres.
With the constant addition of codes, environmental standards will accelerate some of the production lags. Devulcanized gypsum is the dominant ingredient in the production of gypsum, which in the early years used mainly natural gypsums, although our natural gypsum resources were stored.
Natural gypsum mining has been more restricted in recent years because of environmental impacts. The current use of devulcanized gypsum is mainly a by-product of the fgd process of a fire power plant, which is cheaper and more pure than natural gypsum.
In terms of integrated use of resources, the government is also encouraging industrial by-product gypsum applications. In 2015, the Ministry of Finance adopted a policy of 50% discounting the value-added tax (VAT) on the sale of new wall materials for taxpayers included in the Cataloguing of New Wall Materials with Value Added Tax, or Retrieval Policy, using industry.
According to the Chinese Inorganic Salt Industry Association, 23.1 million tons of devulcanized gypsum were produced in 2018, which, based on 8 kg of gypsum per square metre of glycerine, could produce 2.88 billion m2 of glycerine, compared to a total of 3.21 billion m2 in 2018.
The supply of devulcanized gypsum resources is approaching. The Solid Waste Pollution Environment Prevention Annual Report shows that 84.8850 million tons of sulfur were produced in 2018 in the electricity, thermal production and supply industries, accounting for 81.20 per cent of the total national production of devulcanized gypsum.
The reserve capacity growth slowed down gradually, with a total capacity of 1,191 million kWh in 2019, an increase of 4.1 per cent compared to the previous year. Fire power plants with devulcanized gypsum were generally close to the end consumer market, while natural gypsum resources were more remote and concentrated. As a result of lower cargo values, the transport radius of the gypsum and gypsum boards was higher than the transport radius.
Short, therefore, producing enterprises that use devulcanized gypsum not only benefit from their low prices, but also from site-based construction, which combines production and consumption needs and effectively saves transportation costs for raw materials and products, will have a greater advantage in competition. Thus, for the gypsum industry, the sulfur gypsum resources of the stock-fired power plant are evident.
We believe that, with the widespread use of devulcanized gypsum, the gypsum industry has shown a strong resource profile, that producing companies that have access to devulcanized gypsum resources have a clear cost advantage, and that traditional enterprises that rely on natural gypsums have been significantly weakened in their competitiveness and are expected to phase out in competition.
Limited, and invisible, barriers are placed on new entrants. Existing champions can use pre-emptive advantage to further increase market shares and achieve sustained growth in performance by seizing resources.
2.4 Short-term requirements are completed, long-term needs are considered policy, and at present 70 per cent of the country ' s requirements are concentrated in the areas of commercial and public building decorations, such as writing buildings, malls, etc., for ceilings and fences, while home decorations are only 30 per cent, mainly for ceilings.
As can be seen, the need for gypsum plates is closely linked to the completion of real estate, and by analysing the relationship between non-residential commodity houses (office buildings + commercial premises), the area of completed commercial dwellings and the production of gypsums, we have the following information: in 2008-2014, we completed the construction of non-commodity dwellings in the country.
With a 12 per cent compound increase and a 9 per cent compound increase in the completed area of commercial dwellings, the combined rate of production of gypsum plates reached a 20 per cent increase, while in 2014-2019, the combined rate of construction of non-commodity dwellings increased by -064 per cent, while the combined rate of construction of commercial dwellings increased by -3.4 per cent, and the rate of construction of buildings declined.
We believe that the size of the completed building is highly correlated with the production of the plate, and that the major trend in the need for the board will continue to be the completion of the new building. Some of the market views suggest that the stock is based on the renovation cycle.
Public and household renovations will result in an increase in the consumption of gypsum plates. However, according to data for the period 2014-2019, the high rate of growth in the completed area of houses in 2008-2014 will make a limited contribution to the need for a second renovation of the gypsum plates.
In an effort to ease the financial pressure and intensify the push-up of the down-of-real estate cycle, the housing sector has been growing at a high rate, but it has been subject to financial constraints and has been deliberately slowing down the pace of construction, leading to a relatively low rate of growth in the area to be completed between 2017 and 2019.
In the second half of 2019, the pace of construction in housing began to accelerate, with 959 million square metres of housing completed nationwide in 2019, an increase of 2.6 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and a positive increase for the first time in the last three years. According to the completion of construction investment in housing, the rate of completion of construction has remained high, with a positive increase in 2020, as a result of the epidemic.
Glass installation generally takes place three to six months before the house is handed over, and can be considered a leading indicator of the completion of the property. Since 2020, the stock of glass manufacturers has been declining, and social stock has been declining. In the context of increased glass production, the reduction in the stock is a sign of a strong demand for the completion of the property.
The recovery of the demand for work is expected to lead to an increase in the need for gypsum.
Figure 18: Maintenance of high levels of investment in construction
In 2017, the State Department ' s Office issued an Opinion on the Promotion of Sustained Healthy Development of the Construction Sector, which explicitly requested that by 2020, the proportion of assembly buildings in new constructions should reach 20%; by 2025, the proportion should be 20%.
More than 30%. According to the Institute of Foresight, in 2018, the size of new assembly buildings in the country was less than 9%, and the scope for upgrading was huge. High-intensity gypsum walls were of light quality, fast-forming, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly, warm and machine-friendly quality.
In June 2020, China’s Institute of New Building Design convened the Second Working Session on the Revision of National Standards for Paperboards in Hangzhou.
The increase in the thickness of the gypsum will increase the strength of the product, the sound barrier, fire protection, etc., and will improve the application of the gypsum in the assembly building.
3. The gypsum plate is a shield, waterproof and dragon bone is published as a spear 3.1, with clear growth logic.
On August 28, 2019, on the 40th anniversary of the construction of the plant, the company proposed a development strategy for “One Wing, Global Layout.” The “One” is centred on the chalkboard business, which is an extension of the “paste plus” product package of light steel bones, powder slurry, minerals, magma, magma, gold plates, etc.
The first phase of the company's development strategy will be the implementation of the Three, Five, Eight Plan.
Over a period of about three years, the water-proof business jumped to the top three in the industry: “5” — launching 5 billion square metres of global slab industry layout and half a million tons of light steel bone industry layouts: “8” — the national market share of gypsum plates has increased to 80%, and the national ratio of light steel bones has increased to 80%. As at the end of June 2020, corporate gypsums had increased to 80%.
In our view, the company’s future development strategy is highly compatible with the company’s current situation. The company’s castboard market is already high.
By reaching 60%, there is limited room for further growth in the domestic market. Thus, companies focus their development on the overseas market, providing growth space for the main industry.
Companies are involved in water-proofing areas with large industrial spaces and poor cash flows, and are able to improve their performance elasticity through appropriate additional leverage. Downstream water-proofing includes capital and real estate clients, and companies, as conglomerates, can strengthen their cooperation with Yan and China Construction and Real Estate.
Strengths, which are used in the layout and the gypsum, provide a multi-grade expansion to provide a growth space. 3.2 Palette operations: high channel and cost advantages, double-repair, internal and external, expansion of production capacity.
Since 2000, the company has been working hard to develop a national production profile through mergers and acquisitions and self-building. In 2006, the company incorporated Tarzan cast (65% of shares) and significantly expanded the original 125 million square rice cardboard capacity to 360 million square metres, and in 2016 it achieved full control over Tarzan cast.
In 2018, the company completed the acquisition of Vandja Shandong (the country’s second largest cardboard producer), adding 190 million square metres. According to the company’s plan, the cardboard capacity contest reached 3 billion square metres by the end of 2020.
The Division's autonomous brand, the Dragon Card, competes with foreign brands in high-end markets; the Tarzan cast brand, which is primarily aimed at middle- and high-end consumer groups; and the reorganisation of the Santung's "dream card", which is a force for low- and middle-level markets with radiation. Therefore, corporate gypsum products can meet different levels of customer demand and help.
In 2020, among China’s 500 largest real-estate companies, the number of first-placers in the North was 29%, the number of first-placers in the North was first, and the number of first-placers in Tarzan was 16% and the number of second-placers in China.
Given that the overall demand in the domestic market has not increased significantly for many years, the company looks abroad and promotes the internationalization of the gypsum industry. In 2018, the North New Wood Industries (Tanzania) Ltd. was officially registered, producing and selling, making a profit when it opened.
In addition, the company decided to build 40 million square metres of paper per year in Uzbekistan; the cardboard production line and accompanying 3,000 tons of light steel bones per year; and the tarpaulin gypsum line decided to build in Egypt.
According to the company's strategy of “global layout of the 5 billion m2 cardboard industry,” overseas market expansion is expected to be an important force point in the operation of the cardboard, against the backdrop of slowing domestic demand.
According to the company's 2019 annual report, the cost of spareboard production is in raw materials, fuel power, man-made production.
This and other ratios are 62.28 per cent, 21.29 per cent, 7.69 per cent and 8.74 per cent, respectively. Prices of raw materials, mainly industrial by-product casts (about 20 per cent) and face paper (about 40 per cent), have a significant cost impact.
Usually, a plaster-plating company, with its own local desulfide resources and its occupation of the local market, has a regional monopoly over the production of cast-paste, owing to limited resources and difficulties in involving competitors. Since 2006, the department has taken advantage of the sulfur-defide resources, in addition to the five major power-generating groups, namely, energy and electricity.
A solid partnership has been established to ensure a stable supply of devulcanized gypsums. Currently, the company's gypsum production line is fully industrial by-producted (mostly devulcanized gypsum), with a clear competitive advantage.
Imports of waste paper were stable until 2017. Since 2017, policies such as the Programme to Implement the Reform of the Solid Waste Import Management System, which prohibits the entry of marine garbage into the country, have led to a significant reduction in imports of waste paper. In 2019, imports of waste paper were made.
The raw materials for paper protection are usually made up of imported paper waste or national paper waste paper. Our paper protection industry has a conglomerate pattern, combined with four companies: port paper, Shanxi Keungwei, Huayun paper, and Thai and paper.
In 2017, when the price of scrap paper rose significantly, the unit price of paper paper in the paper industry reached $3654 per ton, an increase of 28%.
In response to the increase in the price of face paper, the gypsum industry can also transfer costs downstream by virtue of its higher concentration. The gypsum is mainly distributed, and product prices can be adjusted quickly after changes in raw material prices.
In 2017, in the context of the increase in the prices of scrap and face paper, the company ' s long series rose by 0.8 yuan per square metre and the non-long series by 1.3 yuan per square metre. According to the company ' s annual 2017 report, the company ' s cardboard unit produced 3.3 yuan per square metre, a 13 per cent increase, a 5.41 yuan per square metre and an 18 per cent increase in the price of the cardboard.
As a result of the company’s higher market share, the company’s profitability will be further enhanced in the process of passing the price of face paper to the gypsum. In 2020, the supply of waste paper was under pressure, and the cost of face paper and the price of the gypsum will be increased as a result of the new crown epidemic and import restrictions.
The price of the gypsum has increased somewhat. Dreampaste has been a full series of products since March 5, 2020. Moreover, according to the press spokesman Liu Yu Bin of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, the country will strive to achieve near zero solid imports by the end of 2020, with a tight supply of waste paper, not excluding the continued use of paper and gypsum plates.
In April 2020, the company’s annual production line of 400,000 tons of paper protection products was successfully launched, with a total capacity of 660,000 tons/year, becoming the country’s largest specialized cardboard cardboard production company. The company’s annual demand for paper protection was about 800,000 tons, based on a flat of 0.4 kg of paper protection for the cardboard.
The rate will exceed 80 per cent, effectively reducing the cost impact of price fluctuations in raw materials.
3.3 Dragonbone operations: growth of scale through existing channels Light steel bones are built as raw materials with high-quality, continuous thermal plating of zinc stubble, built through cold bending processes Metalbone, usually used to support and fix cast boards and perform some decorative functions according to the field of application
The view can be divided into vertebrae and walled dragon bones. Light steel bones are usually used in conjunction with gypsum boards, with high levels of overlap in client resources.
Figure 30: The light steel bone application scene The light steel bone production process is simple and has a low entry threshold. The industry is currently less concentrated, with many SMEs participating in the country. Due to the lack of attention to the quality of the bone, product quality regulation is also relatively low.
To be relaxed, they rarely appear in the government’s checklist, which makes the market plethora of low-priced, non-target products. They are thinly thick, plating less zinc, and have a significantly reduced useful life.
Figure 31: The simple process of production of light steel dragon bones is to locate the high end of the “done plate” cast board, with downstream clients paying more attention to the quality of the bone, creating better synergies, and the ratio of the bone to the gypsum has been high. In 2015, the company's gypsum was produced.
Of these, 1,471 million square metres are: 1.24 million square metres of Tarzan cast, 228 million square metres of non-Taisan operations; 523 million yuan of light steel skulls, of which 174 million yuan are cast and 349 million yuan of non-Tai San operations.
The business has grown rapidly in recent years as the company's focus on dragon business has increased. In 2019, the output of light steel bones was about 420,000 tons, of which 300,000 tons were: Dragon medals (new North) and 120,000 were cast.
Tons, compared to 100,000 tons in 2015, show that the growth in the company’s skeletal income was mainly due to an increase in the ratio of high-end gypsum products. In the first half of 2020, the company’s gypsum was reduced by 11.89% in comparison, but the business of the dragon bone was reduced by the same amount.
This is 13.79%, and we judge that the rapid growth of the dragon bone business is due to the continued upgrading of the dragon match and the breakthrough in the Tarzan gypsum bone business. According to the company's strategic plan, 500,000 tons of light steel bone industry will be set up in the future, compared to the current capacity of 80,000 tons.
Upgrade, or break-up in Tarzan's chaste bone business, the company's bone business will remain at a high rate of growth.
As the market access conditions, regulations and environmental pressures increase, the industry lags behind.
The potential for survival is shrinking. There is a trend towards greater concentration in the future, and the market share of leading firms will rise as a result of the reorganization of capital, a reasonable distribution of capacity. On the one hand, larger capital spending is needed to increase their capacity, and on the other hand, under the high-receivable market patterns, there is enough.
The rapid development of water-proof markets is attracting a large number of powerful firms across borders. This will accelerate increased concentration in the industry.
The improvement in the quality, quality, financing and distribution of the housing strategy model, as well as the emergence of water-proof head companies with brands, funds and services that have the advantage of one, have gradually become major suppliers to large-scale housing firms, and the increase in the share of large housing companies is also an important catalyst for the increase in concentration in the water-proof sector.
Figure 36: Increase in concentration by sales value Figure 37: Increase in concentration by sales area
In 2019, the company entered the waterproof materials industry and incorporated Sichuan sheep against water, Liao Ningjun against water, and Henan's thumb against water under a joint reorganization. The company has now formed 10 waterproof industrial bases covering the whole country, located in Chengdu, Sichuan Yingshan, Xianyang Xianyang, Jiang Xixijiang, Liaoning.
On May 15, 2020, the company began internalizing three water-proof brands.
In Beijing, the General Assembly of the New North Water Group Integrating and Development vows announced the consolidation and optimization of the North Xinjiang family, the North Xinyi Shei family and the North Xinjiang thumb company, the establishment of a unified business management platform and the implementation of the “Integrated Management + Regionalization Operation”. According to the previous Director General of the Wang, in 2019, China built water-proof buildings.
We believe that the company will continue to invest more in waterproofing operations in the future, and the scale of the operations will increase, and once integrated, it will perform well into 2020, only through the initial integration of waterproofing operations, in their original capacity and channel base.
In 2018, the three pre-consolidated water-protected businesses received $1.813 billion, or 31.14 per cent of Māori; and in the first half of 2020, the integrated water-protected business camp.
In terms of operations in the first half of 2020, there is still a gap between the company’s waterproofing operations, in terms of size and profitability, and the Orient Raining and Quixuan shares, but the collection is already in the top three sectors. Moreover, we would like to stress that this is just a report card that the company has handed over for less than a year into waterproofing.
In the top 500 brands of China’s real-estate development industry, the North is ranked third after the Orient Raining and Co-Soon shares. The company’s “358 Plan” of 2019 called for “a three-year period or so for waterproofing operations.”
Figure 39: The company is ranked third in the top 500 houses for waterproof brands, and we believe that the company's advantages in developing waterproof business and the reasons for its rapid and phased success are, in our view, the main reasons for this.
Business accounts receivable issues have been prominent in the water sector, and businesses have a relatively weak voice for downstream travels, usually giving customers a certain period of time and requiring larger capital spending to expand production. As of 30 June 2020, corporate accounts receivable amounted to $1,967 million, with no additional water protection operations.
The amount of $405 million on 30 June 2019 reflects the high financial requirements of water-proofing operations. Therefore, water-proofing enterprises must be adequately funded if they are to scale up their operations. Companies have always been more profitable and have sufficient cash flows, while, as listed companies, they have diversified their sources of financing and have easier access to finance.
Based on business needs, short-term corporate borrowing increased to $2.318 billion in the first half of 2020, with total asset liabilities, brand names, and credit endorsements. The company’s deep-farming materials industry has been well-known for decades.
Waterproofing materials are also gaining public interest in their quality as functional materials for infrastructure works and for various types of housing construction. Waterproofing materials for “outputs” of new North building materials make it easier to access customer letters, 3 and rich customer resources: the distribution of waterproof materials can be divided into direct sales and distribution.
In the case of marketing, the company’s cardboard business has a country-wide rich marketing network, water-proofing and downstream customers with overlapping, and future synergies are expected to emerge.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals Sale of gypsum plates: in 2019, the company produced 2,752 million m2 and produced 1,994 million m2 and used 72% of the capacity. As the construction of the ongoing project continues, the company ' s gypsum is expected to be in 2020-2022
Prices for gypsum boards: due to the epidemic, the company ' s price dropped slightly in 2020. With the shortage of imported waste paper materials and the start of post-occupancy renovations, and with 60% of the company ' s municipal coverage, the income and Māori ratio are projected: the bone is a business that the company has been developing so hard in recent years, coupled with the gypsum.
The annual revenue from the company's dragon products is 30/30/30 per cent. Reference is made to Māori earnings and Māori rates for Dragonbone operations in mid-2020: waterproofing is the company's merger in 2019, overcoming the effects of the epidemic in the first half of 2020, and waterproofing revenues are growing at a higher rate.
We value the new North building materials using valuation methods such as the Orient Rainbow, Starbucks, Astrogen, three trees, Quezun shares, rabbit babies, etc.
▪ Downwards in the real estate sector: the gypsum industry is dominated by commercial and residential properties, and the company’s performance will be affected if demand slides significantly. Price changes in raw materials: the cost of raw materials is higher in both the gypsum and waterproof materials production processes.
Price changes have a direct impact on corporate profitability. Business expansion has been slower than expected: under the strategic guidance of One Wing, Global Layout, companies are expanding their multi-purpose operations, and if project advances are blocked, they will affect corporate growth.
Environmental, safety, etc. uncertainties: environmental protection, safety, etc. in the production of a company’s products, which may have a greater impact on the company’s normal operations. Exchange rate fluctuations: the company has a business arrangement abroad, and if exchange losses are caused by local exchange rate fluctuations, the company will be able to make a difference.
It will erode some of the company’s profits. Repeated epidemics: repeated epidemics will affect domestic improvements, negatively affect the demand for company products, and affect the company’s deployment abroad.
Deduction and pledge risk: In August 2020, the company announced that the third-largest shareholder, the Thai National People ' s Investment Group Ltd., was to hold no more than 10 million shares in the company over the next six months through a pool of bids and large-scale transactions: at the same time, it was held by the Thai National People ' s Investment Group Ltd.
The undeposited shares amounted to 2,216 million shares, or 1.31 per cent of total equity.