It's quite obvious that there's a huge amount of chemistry.com.tw.
The increase in revenue and the advantages of the whole industry chain layout are highlighted: 22-year quarterly reports issued by companies, q1 generated 41,784 million yuan in 22 years, yoy+33.44 per cent net profit for mothers of $5,374 million, and yoy-18.84 per cent, slightly lower than expected.
Corporate revenue continues to grow, benefiting mainly from higher volumes of products, but not as much as harvests, mainly due to higher prices of raw materials. Companies are actively expanding their production, the petrochemical industry is booming, the whole industry chain layout is gaining prominence, and there is sufficient momentum for subsequent growth to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
There was a significant increase in revenue, and the volume of the plates rose exponentially: 22 years of q1 revenue maintained the growth trend, benefiting mainly from a full increase in the volume of the main products. By section, the sales of polyurethane plates amounted to 950,000 tons, vov + 2.77 per cent and the receipts amounted to 15,635 million yuan, vov + 13.64 per cent; and the sales of petrochemical plates amounted to 3 million.
Tons, yoy+27.66%, yielding $18.797 billion; sales of new material plates amounting to 210,000 tons, plus, the company’s entire industry chain layout is further highlighted. The price of higher raw materials is a drag on the company’s performance: the company’s performance has declined year-on-year, mainly in raw material prices.
Significant rises. 22 years of dramatic increases in the global price of basic energy, such as crude oil and natural gas, and substantial increases in the cost of energy for major chemicals and European companies, respectively, have held up the company ' s Māori portfolio.
Inputs, R & D cost increases of 0.05 pct to 1.90 per cent on a year-on-year basis, sales cost decreases of 0.33 pct to 0.61 per cent on a year-on-year basis, management cost decreases of 0.30 pct to 1.04 per cent on a year-on-year basis, financial cost rates are high and demand for refrigerators is expected to increase: currently, 22 years q2 polymermdi
It's still high, taking into account the need to store the disease, the expected increase in domestic refrigerator sales, the drive to deepen the industrial layout of new materials to ensure long-term growth, the company's continued input into new material plates, including carbon and related technologies, polyurethane foam degradation recycling, degradation materials and key monolithics,
Research and development projects for high-performance materials (Nylon 12, special pc, poe, optical level pmma, etc.), new energy storage and battery materials, separation and purity.
Chinaresearchdept.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.