Centre for Resources and Environmental Research in East Asia
On April 25, the company published a quarterly report, which generated operating income of $41,784 million, which is a year-on-year increase.
33.44 per cent of the net profit from the mother is $5.374 billion, a decline of 18.84 per cent from the previous year. The narrow margin of PUR in one quarter has led to a decline in the overall Māori rate. The business performance of the company as a whole has remained generally stable during the first quarter, with a slight increase in the performance ring.
950,000 tonnes of production sales (+2.8% of year, ring ratio - 3.5%) with a downside performance of polyurethane during the first quarter, with raw materials such as benzene influenced by higher prices of crude oil, higher prices, and demand segments influenced by the Winter Olympics, epidemics, etc., which were relatively weakly supported by the company as a whole.
While relatively stable, the spread in product prices is more pronounced (the price of raw material pure benzene is the same as +42.83 per cent, the overall Māori rate for the quarter is over 10 points lower than for the previous quarter, while, by ring, the price difference for the company mdi is slightly larger and the Māori rate for the company ' s products slightly higher than in the last four quarters.
Energy prices have risen significantly, the company's hole advantage has been reflected, and the petrochemical industry is running under relative pressure.
Quarterly exposure to the international situation and inadequate energy supply resulted in a significant increase in energy prices, with the cp contract for propane, butane rising by 30 per cent and 37 per cent per quarter, but the price spread in the petrochemical industry was offset by the relative weakness of the end demand and the relatively poor ability of the chemical industry to pass on the price of the product.
4. “Accordingly higher sales volume to compensate for upstream-led narrowness, at a time when the power of the company's reservoirs to store raw materials will become apparent, on the one hand, through high price volatility of the stock smoothing of raw materials, and, on the other hand, one quarter of the company's gas trade in the same ring, on the other hand, it will increase.
In the short term, it has a long-term development space, with a combination of short-term multiple factors affecting the profitability of the product.
While the epidemic and the rise in the price of raw materials put relatively high demand and cost pressures on the company ' s main product, the company ' s cost-control and industry chain advantages have made it relatively more cost-cooling, and the company continues to optimize its costs and increase its resilience to risk; and the company ' s ability to protect itself from risk.
Sustained R & D investment will move to productive capacity in the next few years, with HD3@qizq.com.cn based in 2021 on 53 projects, of which 23 were delivered, company fragrances, high-temperature nylons, and new energy
It is also expected that fine chemical industries such as source materials, bio-based materials, etc. will grow gradually.
Short-term performance is affected by costs and demand, and there is still room for sustained growth over the long term, with companies predicting the analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment