It's quite obvious that there's a huge amount of chemistry.com.tw.
PURE EXPORT SHOW, PERMDI SHOWED UP: The company announced a July listing price for mdi, which was 19,800 yuan per ton in polymer mdi (as compared to June); PKG 23,800 per ton (as compared to June price increase of 1,000 yuan per ton).
The impact of the domestic epidemic is gradually diminishing, mdi demand is recovering; overseas energy prices are up and mdi is rising; and q3 is on the rise, and the supply and demand of mdi is tightening during the season, and subsequent prices are expected to continue to rise. As a global mdi leader, companies are constantly developing innovations, petrochemical and new material blocks are growing faster, and the whole industry is growing.
The impact of the domestic epidemic has diminished, and demand will recover gradually: 02 is affected by the epidemic, demand has fallen, mdi prices have fallen, creating a situation of “unseasonable” prices.
The price of mdi is expected to recover as the domestic epidemic is brought under control and downstream demand is gradually recovering. The public sector’s pure mdi has raised the price up, further boosting market confidence.
In the context of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, the European gas price hub has continued to rise, driving the cost of mdi up, and increasing the price difference between domestic and foreign mdi.
Intramdi prices remained largely flat, with a Euro-China price difference of $1016.45 per tonne in May, followed by a product mix that looks at the prospect of a sustained increase in mdi price differentials within and outside the country, which will further boost mdi exports.
Refurbishment of installations in and out of the country, mdi supply contraction: according to the public information, 340,000 tonnes/year mdi device in the United States was declared force majeure in June due to the supply of the front end material device, and 400,000 tonnes/year mdi device in the United States was operated at low load. In addition, 370,000 tonnes/year mdi device and the Shanghai Hensma unit in Shanghai were operated at low capacity.
At the end of June, the 220,000 tons/year mdi device in Shanghai had a plan for repairs. 03 Partial installation in and out of the country is scheduled for the renovation period, and the supply of mdi is expected to contract in the coming period.
Integrated chemicals tap, current valuation is reasonable, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Not as high as expected; 3, new projects are not as high as expected. Figure 10,000 chemical mdi mark-up price
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.