Cost raises short-term pressure, multiple deployments wait for growth and business income continues to grow, production and sales are rising steadily on a par, and company prices compare to 300 deep trends.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company's overall business performance was sound. The operating income was 41.784 billion yuan, an increase of 33.44 per cent compared to the previous year, and the ring growth of 9.33 per cent.
Development, coupled with the spread of the epidemic and the rise in the rate of start-up, led to a year-on-year increase in the first quarter of 2022 in the company’s three main sectors, with a significant increase in the income of the three product lines as a whole.Tons of tons, 2.8 per cent more than the year, generated an income of 15.635 billion yuan, or 3.6 per cent more than the same year; and petrochemical plates.
1.18 million tons per quarter, an increase of 36.7 per cent over the same period, 3 million tons of sales, better weather with 1.mdi, more layout, 2.q3 continuity, carbon neutral and new investment guarantees
In the first quarter of 2022, the company as a whole accelerated green power and the new energy layout, which is expected to be ahead of schedule. The company’s overall profitability has declined in comparison to that of the year, owing to an increase in the price of its main raw materials, the battalion.
The price of crude oil in the first quarter of 2022 was high, and local conflicts led to energy supply and demand strains, with the price of primary chemical raw materials rising to varying degrees. The average price of 2022q1 pure benzene was $7947 per ton. The average price of coal increased by 42.83.000 kilocalories per year.
Tons, with an increase of about 70% in the same year, the average price of propane cp was $803 per ton, an increase of 35% in the same year, and the average cost of butane cp was $802 per ton, an increase of 41% in the same year. As overall market demand remained strong during the quarter, corporate sales also increased across borders, and market demand is expected to increase as the epidemic improves.
The company has increased its capital spending in new material areas. The extension of the industrial chain to create integration advantages. The company continues to optimize the structure of its three product plates, continues to increase capital spending, and consolidates the petrochemical-polyurethane-new materials integrated industrial chain. The company relies on world-class-scale po/ae integration devices and
Ten thousand tonnes/year propane dehydration devices are the source of industrial chain linkages and value chain synergies. In February 2022, the first environmental impact assessment of the company propane/butane caves project was published in the first epoxy evaluation, Van Wafu Construction Worker 10,000 cubic propane underground caves) and a 500,000 cubic butane underground caves.
The Department intends to invest $15 billion in projects such as the construction of 600,000 tonnes/year mdi separation, 320,000 tonnes/year apropylene legal bdo, etc. at the Ning Shaningdong Energy Chemical Base. In March 2022, the Fuzhou City Eco-Environmental Department intends to approve the environmental impact assessment of the Wanhua Chemical (Fukuk) Pier Co. Ltd. canning area project.
In April 2022, the company planned to invest 23.1 billion in the construction of the Punley Industrial Park High Performance New Materials Integration Project, mainly 900,000 tonnes/year of propane dehydration, 500,000 tonnes/year.
Projects such as the annual polyether, 400,000 tonnes/year pochp, 300,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, 300,000 tonnes/yeareo, 300,000 tonnes/yeareod, etc., are expected to start production in June 2024. The company’s continued extension of its own industry chain is expected to further reduce production costs and increase the market competitiveness of products.
To speed up the deployment of new materials and projects. The company has clearly increased its investment in new materials products, accelerated construction of ongoing projects, and accelerated industrial transformation of new products. The company plans to build a phase of modified plastics in the Sichuan Myung Mountains around green hair, displaying degradable plastics and new energy materials.
In addition, the company has started construction around the existing polyurethane-chemical chain of 12, Poe, pmma, etc.
As the company’s new material business continues to expand and land, relying on strong supply systems and research and development capabilities, competitiveness in the global market is expected to increase further. Project construction is not as fast as expected: project approval is not as fast as expected: raw materials
Risks of large price fluctuations; risk of large price declines for products. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are presented independently and objectively from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.