The advantage of the overseas layout is that the giant tire business opens up room for growth, and on 25th of July 2019, the company was one of the leading tyre companies in the country: since its inception in 2002, the company has been focusing on tyres.
Research, development, production, and marketing began to expand rapidly after being listed in 2012, buying Shenyang and Ping, Kim and setting up a base in Viet Nam. As production capacity progresses towards production, the volume of production and sales increases are expected to further consolidate and upgrade the company’s industrial position.
▪ The replacement market guarantees the demand for tyres: global and domestic replacements account for 81% and 68% of the total, respectively, so the demand for the tyre market is still dominated by replacements. Given that our vehicle holdings are not yet at the global average, the ratio of vehicle holdings to sales is only the global average.
The tyre industry is stable in the head, and Chinese firms are becoming stronger: across the global market, Pristom, Michalin, and solids have long been among the top three players in the tyre industry, with a combined market share of three.
38.6% of the country ' s tyre industry is currently structurally overstretched. As supply-side reforms move forward, small and medium-sized production capacity will gradually be cleared up. The domestic market is in the process of concentrating on the head tyre business, which is expected to grow from a strong start.
The giants are about to harvest, opening up the space for company growth: the giants are high-end engineering machines, whose technology and markets have long been monopolized by international giants, benefiting from an increased downstream mining landscape, and the demand for the giants is expected to rise to a new wave of activity. After nearly 10 years of research and development, the company became operational in 2016.
The world's largest 63-inch giant midday child, currently one of the world's three largest manufacturers of engineering machinery and mining equipment, Caterpillar, has entered China's large 70-per-cent mining market, and the breakthrough in the giant tire business is expected to open up the company's growth space.
At the same time, the Department plans to deliver 2.4 million whole steel, 7 million half steel and 46,000 tons of non-public goods over the last two years.
In addition, export refunds and value added tax (VAT) deductions will significantly increase company performance. The potential for future growth in corporate profits is expected, while the giants’ business is opened up to the public.
The company is one of the country's rubber tyre head companies.
The Department, which was established on 18 November 2002 and changed as a whole in 2007 to a limited company, was listed in June 2011 as one of the leading companies in the country in the area of rubber tyres.The company ' s equity structure is fragmented, with the first major shareholder, the Xinhua Federation, holding 14.71 per cent of the company ' s shares, and the second shareholder, Du-yu.
Mr. Dao directly held 9.54% of the company’s shareholdings. In addition, Mr. Du Yujing, who signed successive agreements with senior executives such as the executives of the Qingming Island, Yuan and Yan Wanhua, formed a coherent actor, with a combined voting power of 20.70% of the company’s total equity, and was the actual controller of the company.
1.1. Focusing on the main tyre industry, which led the deployment of offshore companies, focused on the production of tyres from the very beginning, with the growth of production and sales, and the growth of companies, especially after 11 years of listing, enabled them to benefit from the rapid expansion of capital markets.
In April 2012, the company set up a fully-owned subsidiary in Viet Nam, the race wheel (Viet Nam). With the advantage of local cheap natural glue, the race round (Viet Nam) planned to build a project in Viet Nam in 2013 with 3 million semi-steeds and 10,000 full steel workers per year. In December 2015, the race round (Viet Nam) planned to build an extension project, including 1.2 million steel all-dies per year.
Midday tyres and 30,000 tons of non-road tyres. In August 2012, the company acquired 100 per cent of Shenyang and Pinko meridian tires manufacturing Ltd., taking over the production capacity of 1.2 million steel-loaded meridian tyres per year in Shenyang, an increase for the then race round.
About 50 per cent of the company ' s total steel midday production capacity. In August 2012, the company received 49 per cent of the shares of the gold business from five shareholders, including the Kim Woo tires group; in May 2013, the company acquired 50 per cent of the shares of the gold business through a non-publicized equity fund, which was also collected by subsidiary Serrett Logistics.
By 14 January 2014, the company had paid for the purchase, and was directly entitled to 99% of the gold business, while the gold industry had 12 million iron and steel products per year, and after the merger, the company had about 22 million steel products per year, thereby consolidating the company’s top position in the industry.
In March 2014, the company repurchased its engineering tires-related assets from the Golden Tyres Group, involving about 5,000 tons of annual production capacity of all steel-worked children at midday, and in December 2018, a joint venture was established in Viet Nam between the racer (Viet Nam) and the sequestered Viet Nam, using their respective comparative resources.
The project further enhanced the company’s production in Viet Nam and increased its capacity to deal with international trade barriers. The company currently has four production bases in Qingdao, Dong-bang, Shen-yang and Viet Nam, with a combined capacity of 5.6 million,
Half of the steel production capacity is 40 million and the non-road capacity is 64,000 tons. Another 2.4 million, half-steel, 7 million, and 46,000 tons of non-road capacity are being built, and production will be released successively between the end of this year and the next year.
Although corporate performance fluctuated as a result of fluctuations in the price of rubber raw materials, overall, the company experienced a steady increase in output, with a combined annual increase of 20.54 per cent over the last 10 years, reaching $13.6 billion in 2018. But the net return to the mother was $668 million, an increase of 102.54 per cent over the same period.
South factory production is able to make a better sale plus falling prices of raw materials, with companies expected to return home in the first half of 2019 with a net return of around $500 million, an increase of 57.14 per cent over the same period. Over 95 per cent, the Maori rate for tyre products remains relatively stable and profitable.
The cost of the company’s period is generally on a downward path, with increased cost-control capabilities, creating further room for growth for the company’s profitability. At the same time, the company’s investment in the factory in Viet Nam has increased to address the risks to the company’s product exports posed by uncertainties such as the double-opposition and trade war, while the production costs can be better controlled in the raw material production area.
The share of the company ' s foreign earnings in the top of the plant has increased significantly, now accounting for about 75 per cent of the company ' s sales. 2. The demand for tyres in the market is still dominated by the demand for replacements, which is mainly divided into support and replacements.
The tyre market is divided into passenger and commercial vehicles according to the appropriate pattern, and new and old vehicles are replaced according to demand. Tyres are divided into half steel midday, full steel midday, and slashed tires according to their structure. Half steel midday are used mainly for sedans and light-carded tyres, while the whole steel midday tire is used mainly for heavy tyres and is used for most commercial vehicles; slashed tires should now be used.
The demand for tyres depends on the production and retention of downstream cars, i.e., replacement and ancillary markets. According to data from the sky, the domestic demand for replacements in passenger and commercial vehicles is 60% and 8%, respectively, and the replacement market together accounts for the domestic demand for tyres.
The global demand for replacements has risen to 81%. The replacement market is, it can be said, the main arena for demand in the tire market, both domestically and globally, where the replacement market is particularly important.
There are differences in the replacement and replacement factors for different types of vehicles. The ratio of car attachments is 1:5, the ratio for medium load trucks is 1:11, most vehicles have a useful life of 10-15 years, different types of vehicle replacement cycles, medium load trucks have a minimum replacement cycle of 0.7 years, and cars have a longer replacement cycle of 3.3 years on average, most of them
2. The domestic replacement market has grown rapidly, and there is still room for it. The country has gone through a period of rapid development of more than three decades since the reform and opening of the country, and the automobile industry has also grown over this period.
As a result, the country’s vehicle holdings have grown at a much faster rate than the global ones. Domestic vehicle holdings have continued to grow rapidly, from 51 million in 2008 to 1.63 in 2015 and from 49 in 2008 to 140 in 2017.
China’s fast-growing car holdings provide a vast market space for replacements. In the case of cars, most of the new cars have entered the replacement period after three years of use, and then domestic car sales three years ago have become the current demand market for replacements.
The domestic market for car sales four to five years ago was transformed into the current market for replacements, which, if slowed down, would delay the demand for replacements for three to five years. The average annual compounding of domestic car sales from 2014 to 2017 was about 7%, and considering replacement cycles, China’s market for tire replacements will continue to grow at a high rate for the next three years.
On the other hand, as the path of our economic development has shifted from coarse and high-speed growth to high-quality development, macroeconomic growth has slowed, and the rate of growth in our automobile production has been slow, with even negative growth in vehicle production in 2018. But there is still much room for filling the vehicle market for thousands of people in the target developed countries.
According to the National Industrial Information Network (NIIN), in 2017 we had only 140 cars for 1,000 people, which is not yet the world average of 158; although we have been the world's largest car dealer for nine years in a row, the ratio of our car holdings to sales is only 6.9 per cent, about half the global average of 13.6. So, despite the current weakness of our automobile production market, it is long-term.
In view of the fact that the country’s automobile demand will continue to grow as the standard of living of the population rises, there is still room in the car-backed market. 2.3. The world’s automobile production has continued in recent years, as a whole and as new energy vehicles have led to the growth of the world’s automobiles, as a result of the strong demand in major emerging markets and developed countries and regions around the world.
Growth, with global vehicle sales of 97,3025,000 and 96,804,400 vehicles in 2017, an increase of 2.5 per cent and 3.1 per cent over the same period, is projected to grow at a long rate of 2.3 per cent annually, and by 2.9 per cent and 1.7 per cent annually, respectively, in the passenger and commercial sectors, according to the Sino-Air Association.
The implementation of the one-way initiative has led to an increase in the demand for commercial tires in the region. The other is a dynamic East Asian economic circle, and the other is a developed European economic circle. The implementation of the one-way initiative has strongly stimulated infrastructure in more than 60 countries and regions along the other.
The construction and transport industries have created a strong demand for commercial vehicles. More importantly, the increasing frequency of transport has accelerated the loss of tyres in trucks; thus, the increased demand for replacement tyres in commercial cars has led to an expansionary market for replacement tyres.
The government’s heavy subsidies for new energy vehicles, successively proposed timetables for the full adoption of new energy lines by major mainstream producers, have greatly boosted the demand for new energy vehicles, which will be accompanied by new growth points in the global tyre market. Since new energy vehicles do not have the noise of motors, users will be more sensitive to the sound of the whole vehicle, and therefore to tyres.
Even higher, traditional tyres will not be able to meet the noise requirements of new energy vehicles, a higher standard wheel 3. Raw material costs are low, natural rubber emphasizes the advantage of the site, and raw materials costs about 80% of the production costs of tyres.
The cost of production of tyres is sensitive to price changes due to about 30% of total rubber, around 24% of carbon black, which together accounts for more than 75% of raw material costs and 60% of tyre production costs. The price of natural rubber and synthetic rubber split in the first half of the year, and the price of imported natural rubber rose in Thailand.
In the first half of Qingdao Island, prices rose by 25%, but the average price of synthetic rubber fell by about 10% in the first half of the year. In July, prices for both natural and synthetic rubber fell to varying degrees. In contrast, natural rubber, despite rising prices in the first half of the year, average prices fell by about 5% in the first half of the year; in synthetic rubber, the prices of butene rubber were on average.
Prices fell by 11 per cent over the same period, the average value of septine rubber fell by 7 per cent over the same year, and the company's overall cost of raw materials fell in the first half of the year to raise public prices.
Because natural rubber accounts for a significant proportion of the cost of tyre production, effective control of the cost of natural rubber is an important issue for tire companies. Extension of the industrial chain to natural rubber plantations can effectively control the cost of production. The international giants, Puli Stone and Michelin, have their own natural rubber plantations, given that the cost of tyre production is highly sensitive to the price of natural rubber.
In South-East Asia, such as Thailand, Viet Nam, where natural rubber is produced, producing tyres locally from local plants can also be effective in reducing production costs.
The choice to invest in a tyre factory in Viet Nam is based on this reason, and the option to build an overseas production base in the Thai country, which can be said to be a necessary route to the global expansion of the country ' s tyre industry in natural rubber production sites.
The world's giants are stable, China's tyre industry is expected to change from a fully competitive market, and, after decades of development, the global tyre market has remained essentially stable. In the 75th highest rankings of global tyre companies, the United States newspaper Tyre Business has selected, Pristom and Mi.
According to the latest figures for the global tire market, China’s top 33 companies in 2018 accounted for 44% of the top 10 companies, while China’s top ten tyre companies combined sold only two thirds of the total.
There is still a large gap between the size of the tyre industry in China and the international giants. Figure 22: Global sales of the top ten tyres in 2017 ($ billion) Figure 23: Sale of the top ten tyres in mainland China in 2017 ($ billion)
4.1. The three largest players in the world have significant advantages: the three largest global tyres, Pristom, Michelin and solidity, which are recognized as world-class and powerful tyre businesses, monopolizing all first-line branded tyre markets, which account for 15 per cent, 14 per cent and 9 per cent of the market share, respectively, and which together account for 15 per cent, 14 per cent and 9 per cent of the total.
According to the 38 per cent share of the global tyre market, the largest producer of tyres and rubber products in the world, the company has developed up and down the rubber industry since its inception in 1931, with 122 raw materials and related chemical production plants in 27 countries.
The company has now achieved a full-scale strategy for the layout of the chain, including synthetic rubber, chemical curtain lines, steel curtain lines, carbon blacks, mechanical plants, and natural rubber plantations. Princeton has four tyre companies in the country, with a capacity of about 19 million person-years.
The Forest Group has 74 factories and 6 rubber plantations on five continents; research and testing centres in France, Japan, the United States and China, respectively, and marketing and market agencies in more than 170 countries. The tyre technology innovation is the soul of rice, its forest, where more than two thirds of the world ' s tyre inventions are said to have come from Michelin, which is now in France, Japan, and China.
The US, Thailand, and five central countries have technology research and development centers dedicated to new products and technologies. The US is the third largest world tyre giant after Pristom, Michelin, now in 21 billion countries, with overseas sales accounting for about 60%.
In view of the history of the world's triads, it is not difficult to draw a picture of the growth of tyre enterprise: the global layout, the construction of global production plants and marketing networks; the extension of the industrial chain, accompanied by natural rubber plantations that reduce and stabilize production costs; the establishment of strong research and development centres, which design tyres to attract industry flows, and these experiences will guide domestic tyre enterprises to do so.
After decades of development, the country has relied on the traditional expansion of pre-investments, low levels of duplication of construction and quantitative expansion.
The exhibition model has become the world’s largest producer of tyres, but it has also created a situation in which the tyre industry is currently producing relatively excess capacity and low-end product homogenization. Of the world’s 75 highest tyres in 2017, the top 10 sales accounted for $104.3 billion, or 38.6 per cent of total sales, while the top 10 tyre businesses in mainland China sold $16.5 billion, representing only $16.5 billion in total sales.
According to the Tire Industry Association, in 2013 the share of mills in China exported about 3% of midday births, and the share of Pristoon exports about 5%, while the share of tires in China exported about 45% of midday births. While the world’s giants managed to meet domestic high-end market demand, the domestic tyre business was a competition where they could saturate at the lower and middle ends.
Surviving in the field and trying to expand exports, the result is an increasingly frequent barrier to trade protection, which also led to a steep drop in tyre production in the country after 2014, from more than 1 billion to less than 1 billion. Shandong, on the other hand, as the province of our tyres, occupied half of China’s meridian tyres.
In principle, the Eastern Province government adopted the " Implementation Opinion for the Resolution of Serious Overcapacity " , which includes such industries as tyres in Shandong Province. Under the double pressure of environmental stress and the break-up of the financial chain, small- and medium-sized tyre enterprises accelerated the clean-up. In 2017 alone, 7.3 million late-capacity stagnates and 18 million ordinary-type midday births were phased out throughout the country.
Ten million, half-steeds, eight million; elimination of 10 tire factories. The fall in tyre production led to the exit of the industry from the market, and supply-side reforms led to improvements in the structure of the industry, which also contributed to increased industry concentration and good industry development, as well as to larger-to-strong enterprises.
Figure 25: China ' s tyre production declined significantly after 2014
4.3. Domestic tyre enterprises are expected to grow from a strong ranking, and we can see that the share of sales of the top four tyres in the world has reached 42.67 per cent, while the share of sales of the top four tyres in China, according to the China Rubber Industry Association ' s Tyre Branch, is only a fraction of the sales of the top four tyres in China.
22.63 per cent, well below the global target for the same period; the top eight sales globally accounted for 50.72 per cent and China for only 35.46 per cent, also far below the global level.
The concentration of the industry will gradually increase when it is phased out or acquired, leading to the formation of several powerful and large tyre enterprises. This direction can be seen in the tyre industry policy adopted by the country in the last two years, such as the “promoting the upgrading of traditional industries” section of the National Economy's 13th Five-Year Plan, which explicitly states “encouraging enterprise mergers and acquisitions to form large enterprise groups”.
Energetic, highly concentrated, well-defined and collaborative industrial organization patterns; five references to encouraging merger restructuring in the petrochemical and chemical industrial development planning (2016-2020); and the “13th Five” Development Planning Guidelines for China's Rubber Industry Framework, which proposes “the establishment of vertical structures through merger of listed companies, brand sharing and merger reorganization, and production and marketing integration”
Reorganization of assets, horizontal asset restructuring, brand-share restructuring, tyre and rubber appliance companies and territories, encouraged by the market environment and national policies, have led to frequent domestic tyre mergers and acquisitions in recent years. The China Chemical Corps (CMC) has acquired four domestic tyres: Wind, Yellow Sea, Twin Hee, and Guilin (the Xinjiang Kunlun tires were also in the pipeline for a while).
In 2017, after buying the Chinese industry into the tyre industry, the Twin Stars acquired the country's East Wind Tyre Factory and, in 2018, took the lead in acquiring 45% of the South Korean Lake tires.
5. The giant products open the space for company growth.
Cars, loaders, excavators, shovels, bulldozers and rollers, among other types of tyres, which are high-end products of large engineering machines, known as giants, with high volume and quality, long continuous working hours, demanding working conditions, etc. The standard wheel diameter is 33 inches (838 mm) and above, as defined by industry experts.
Engineering with an external diameter of 2,000 mm or more, with a single tyre carrying more than 20 tons (simple, 10 km h-1) Mechanical tyres can be described as mega-engineering mechanical tyres; from the point of view of production and use, most tyre enterprises consider the standard wheel diameter of tires to be 49 inches (1245 mm) or more for vehicles carrying more than 90 tons.
Prototype tyres can be called giant engineering tyres. 5.1. The giant midday market presents a highly monopolistic competitive pattern, which can be divided into giant engineering machines, slanting tyres, depending on the form in which the tarmacs are combed.
In this case, the slashed line crosses one to the other and forms an angle with the crest line (3545%); the line is arranged in parallel, with a 90° angle with the crescent line.
In comparison with the giant slants, the giant midday fetuses are more functional, less heat, more than grinding, anti-scaling properties, hours, and under the same conditions, they can be 1.5 to 2 times the useful life of the giant slants, but due to their technical and technical difficulties and high quality requirements, the whole giant mid-trip industry has a highly concentrated competitive pattern, with more than 95 per cent of the world ' s total population.
Markets are monopolized by tyre giants such as Michelin, Pristom, Solid and Titan International. 5.2. The downstream mining landscape supports the rising demand for giants, and as investment in construction, industry and infrastructure continues to grow around the world, global non-roads in 2016
The market size of tyres (otr) has reached $19.2 billion, of which mine tyres, buildings and industrial machinery tyres have grown by more than 8 per cent annually at a compound rate, driven mainly by the strong demand for tyres in engineering vehicles in the Asia-Pacific region (about 50 per cent of the global market).
Since giants are mainly used in heavy vehicles and loaders, they are much influenced by the landscape of extractive industries such as downstream coal mines and iron ore. In 2016, the impact of the optimal supply-side pattern continued to deepen as the country embarked on supply-side reforms in the coal, steel, etc.
Investment in fixed assets in the mining sector has been on the rise and is continuing to rebound, reaching 22.3 per cent in June 2019, so that the recovery in the coal extraction industry is expected to lead to an increase in demand for related materials, such as giant tires. 5.3. The company’s giant fetal products are expected to accelerate their import substitution during the harvest period.
According to the rubber industry, the global demand for giants in 2015 was 220,000 to 250,000, considering that more than 95 per cent of the markets were monopolized by foreign tyre giants, and that the extra-national giants imposed a total technological blockade on the country, which, after consideration of efficiency, security and cost, led to a shift in our enterprises to the giants to midday, around 2006.
After nearly 10 years of research and development, the company managed to offline the world's largest 63-inch giant midday child in 2016, and received a “winner notice” from China China International Engineering Ltd. in 2019, becoming “59/80r 63 truckloads of mt5500 mine”
At present, the company has become one of the world's largest producers of engineering machinery and mining equipment, one of the three major manufacturers of tires, Caterpillar, and the product has entered China's large mining market of about 70% of the country's four largest engineering and machinery manufacturers.
And the continuing advances in production technologies, and domestic producers represented by companies, are expected to break the market monopoly and technology blockade of large foreign investors, increasing the market share of our giant products and the combined competitiveness of the tyre industry.
At present, the company has four production bases in Qingdao, East Camp, Shenyang and Viet Nam, with a total capacity of 5.6 million steel products, 40 million steel products and 60 million non-road births. The next two years will be the peak of the company’s capacity expansion.
Capable, 46,000 tonnes/year non-road tires (including 15,000 tonnes/year in Vietnamese factories and 310,000 tonnes/year in Qingdao factories), 7 million units/year steel production capacity at the Eastern base will continue to be built in 2019-2020, and the commissioning of additional capacity is expected to further accelerate the release of company performance.
6.2. The competitive advantage of the Viet Nam base has been highlighted by the fact that the double counter-survey and the China-United States trade war have created greater uncertainty in the export business of Chinese tyre enterprises. Based on this, the Department established a fully-owned subsidiary and a production base in Viet Nam in 2012 and has now completed the construction of 1.2 million steel tires per year.
10 million steels per year and 35,000 tons per year of non-road tires. The company’s ability to respond to international trade barriers has been highlighted by the advantage of local cheap natural glue and Vietnamese factories to shift their output, and the Vietnamese base will play an even more important role in the future with the release of 15,000 tons per year of non-road tires and 2.4 million tons per year of full steel production capacity from Viet Nam’s joint venture.
In addition, companies have established R & D centres in Europe, Viet Nam, and marketing networks and logistics centres in regions such as the Americas and Europe. In the context of increased friction in global trade, corporate globalization can effectively circumvent trade barriers, and export refunds and value-added tax (VAT) taxes increase their performance.
In October 2018, the Ministry of Finance and the Directorate-General of State Taxes issued a circular stating that the rate of retrenchment for the export of tyre products was raised from 9 per cent to 100 million yuan, that the cost of tyre products was about 81 per cent, that raw materials and energy accounted for about 83.5 per cent of the cost of tyres, and that the increase in the rate of retrenchment for the export of tyre products in the first ten months of 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 would increase the company ' s profits by about 100 million yuan.
1. The company ' s full steel production capacity, with new production from Viet Nam ' s joint venture in late 2019;2 the company ' s semi steel production capacity was 90 per cent and new production from the eastern factory in 2020;3 and the prices of various tyre products remained largely stable, with the Māori rate increasing with the increase in capacity utilization.
Billions of yuan, net return to the mother, $1 0.27 billion, $1,558 million and $2,197 million, respectively. Ps, 0.38 dollars, upgrades and additional capacity, respectively, are expected to generate a sustained increase in future corporate profits, while the giant tire business opens up the room for growth. For the first time, coverage is given, with the company being rated as “increasing”.
8.1. While the company is not as fast as expected and expects to have additional capacity in the second half of the year and next year, which will have a significant impact on performance, there is a risk that production in the building capacity will progress less than expected.
Natural rubber, synthetic rubber and carbon black together account for 60 per cent of the cost of tyre production, and the price of these raw materials fluctuates significantly, resulting in a failure to transmit the price of tyres in a timely manner, thereby affecting the company’s profitability.
More than 70% of the total, and the risk of the pledge of higher stockholdings being stung. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board