Treasure steel shares (600019.sh) 2022 and 2023 1st Quarterly Review: Thinking in Distress, Desperate Searcher, Iron and Pure Steel
In 2022, the company went into a war crisis and made a first-class initiative to improve its efficiency, further increasing its per capita steel production to 1620 tons per person and achieving an operating statement of 50.91 per cent of the net profits of the shareholders of the parent company.
The company actively digs the ground around the entire process of purchasing, producing, and marketing, reducing the cost of iron and water by increasing the proportion of economic stoves used; and achieving cost reductions in 2022 by purchasing logistics, cutting energy costs, optimizing the coal distribution structure, controlling priority costs, etc.
The company will continue to make profits in the face of a more severe industry situation than it did in 2015. The company will further develop multi-base synergies.
In 2022, sales increased by 49,76 million tons, or 3.190,000 tons; of this amount, sales of “1+1+n” products increased by 2,538 million tons, or 1.83 million tons. Currently, companies are actively promoting the Silicon Steel Structure Optimization (two-step) project at the Boshan Base, with new thin specifications, low iron damage,
The company, as the leader of the industry, made it clear in the new round of planning that the stock exchange (600019.sh) was evaluated in the tri-quarters of 2022: the industry was under pressure and the company was under pressure.
In December, the company, in a joint venture with the steel company, set up the Treasure Pipeline Industry, which is actively developing specialization in the area of seamless steel pipes.
The Treasure Steel Report (600019.sh)-2021 and the 22nd Quarterly Review: Product Strengths, with a focus on “S Project” support, to assist the project team in its forward work.
In view of the shift in demand recovery, pb has been below one-fold for a long time, there is room for valuation restoration, and a “buy-in” rating has been maintained.
In the face of falling demand in the iron and steel sector, high prices of raw ingredients, the adverse situation of a sharp deterioration in the profitability of the industry, the firm’s deep-seated war crisis and the creation of a first-class initiative, which has led to a sharp increase in efficiency and a further increase in the per capita output of steel to 1620 tons per person, with total annual profits remaining in the country.
In 2022, the company managed to cut costs by $9.35 billion by purchasing logistics, cutting energy costs, optimizing coal distribution structures, controlling priority costs, etc.
In the future, the company will further develop multi-base synergetic extractions. The structure will be optimized, and a new strategy for “10000” products will be implemented.
In 2022, sales increased by 4,976 million tons, an increase of 31.9 million tons, of which 2,538,000 tons were sold for “1+1+n” products, an increase of 1,83 million tons for the same year. The company's cooled carboards, silicon steel, new energy vehicles, the car's competitive advantage in high-profit products such as silicon steel, refined energy and steel for structural ship missions.
At present, companies are actively promoting the Silicon Steel Product Structural Optimization (Silica Step 2) project, building new thin specifications, low iron damage, high-magnetic high-end varieties to silicon steel lines, and in 2023 the company plans to achieve a 1+1+n product sales of 2,618 million tons, with a further increase in the production of differentiated products.
In recent years, the iron and steel industry has gradually entered a steady growth, controlled aggregates, structural adjustment, transition-promoting deep adjustment, and industrial merger restructuring has shown an upswing. Companies, as industry leaders, have clearly proposed in the new round of planning to upgrade their “scales and capabilities” to 80 million tons in the first step.
In December 2022, the company, in partnership with the steel company, set up the Treasure Pipeline, which is an active professional pilot in the field of seamless steel pipes. In March 2023, the Saudi Representative Office for the Steel and Steel was formally established, without having the full advantage of territorialization, focusing on “s” support and assisting the project team in its earlier work.
Investment proposals: The company is a leading firm, leading industry development in the long term. Given the changing pace of demand recovery, the results have been remarkable, as a good company, pb has been below one-fold for a long period of time, there is room for valuation restoration, and the authors of the "buy-in" guarantee that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author