Treasure steel stock (600019.sh) Metal material group q1 performance pressure and continued release of silicon steel products
On April 27, the company published its 2022 report and its 2023 quarterly report, and in 2022, the company increased the price difference between steel and steel purchases and q1 performance pressure.
49,763,000 tons, or 6.85 per cent more; R & D costs increased by 7.7 per cent, mainly to technology such as green low carbon and intelligent manufacturing. 2301 companies were able to capture the difference between the targets, focusing on both efficiency and efficiency gains, resulting in the sale of 12.13 million tons of merchandise material and a combined profit of 28.1
The company plans to sell 51.21 million tons of raw materials a year, an increase of 2.93%. The heat-resistant scavenging products represent the global launch of nine products.
Structural installation peak period. 22 years to complete the full-process ultra-low-emission rehabilitation project; Limited acceleration of “triple clean-up” and source-saving water reduction in martial steel; and completion of three high-altitude super-low emissions in steel and steel: kerosene company completes sulfurization of coal sources and three
Projects such as scalding and upgrading of flue gas de-nitrification, and unorganized and low-emission projects, such as consolidation and containment of the field, are expected to be fully operational in 23 years. Companies are cutting costs around the full range of energy cost reductions, optimization of coal distribution structures, and cost cuts of 93.5 per cent over 22 years.
The market for silicon steel products made a breakthrough. In 22 years, the Silicon Silicon Silicon Silicon product complex was completed, and the two-step project (two-step) was completed, and civil construction began; and the Silicone base was left unattended.
Test cars for silicon steel product structural optimization projects. 23q1 company does not produce silicon steel products, and complete production for the only high-level unoptimal silicon professional production line in the world that is now fully oriented towards the new energy automobile industry.
Downstream demand is lower than expected: raw materials are higher than expected; projects are less advanced than expected.