São Paulo (300661) Electronic q3 performance has grown steadily, with a short target of long-term availability, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: Companies achieved operating income of 440 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 17.7 per cent in the same year; real return to the mother net profit of 72.213 million yuan, an increase of 21.9 per cent in the same year, of which business income of 150 million yuan was realized in the third quarter of 2018, an increase of 4.3 per cent in the same year and a decline of -0.4 per cent in the ring; net return to the mother net profit of 31.241 million
During the reporting period, corporate revenue growth slowed slightly over the first half of the year, largely because downstream demand in the semiconductor sector was under short-term pressure from the effects of the trade war and did not affect the company’s long-term growth logic. In the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved the Māori rate at a slower rate of income growth.
The ring scale rises by 1.4 pp, which is a new high in a single quarter. At this rate, the company spent 120 million yuan on the first three quarters of the period, at a cost of 27.9 per cent for the same period, a decline of 0.4 pp compared to the same period, resulting in an improvement in overall operational efficiency; the sales rate increased by 0.6 pp for the same year, maintaining overall robustness; and the management cost rate was largely subject to investment in research and development.
Increased impact, 4.5 pp in the same year; financial costs affected by $4,778,000 in interest income and exchange gains and losses; Re-innovation of R & D inputs, with companies focusing on core technologies. As an enterprise that simulated an integrated circuit upstream design, R & D was a key indicator of the firm’s core competitiveness.
Innovations reached $7.084 million, with a record high of 16.1 per cent in terms of revenue; in addition, both corporate intangible assets (yoy+411.2 per cent) and goodwill increased significantly over the reporting period, mainly through the purchase of generic technologies and the acquisition of assets, operations, personnel, etc., of the company ' s Alfa company.
During the reporting period, companies continued to increase their promotion of traditional and new markets, following up on consumer electronics, mobile phones and communications products, and actively expanding their activities in the areas of industrial control, medical equipment, automobile electronics, and helping priority customers to develop their products.
With the development of emerging markets such as the Internet, smart households, artificial intelligence, and 5g, the company’s research and development team has developed the planning and layout of new chip-related products based on the accumulation of simulation chip technology. Mac, based on the simulation chip company’s valuations and company growth expectations over the last three years, maintains an “uptake” rating.
São da Boa Vontade (300661). Performance growth is as expected. No direct or indirect compensation for the scarcity of internal simulation chips (2018-08-22) will not be obtained either as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.