Medicines Group Innovation-driven, new drug expansion, clinical advancements and bd.
The income structure continues to be optimized. (1) In the first quarter of 2023, companies doubled their share of non-mortality net profits, mainly because of the low base of 1q22 and because of the current period 2.
The decline in the bntx stock held by the division resulted in a non-recurrent loss of 338 million (the company-owned stock was sold 2022.12.23 bntx in 2022). (2) The company has no public health protection.
3. Retrostar Medicines recommenced the eua point evaluation - anti-epidemic varieties add a new dollar, and the overseas sales of goods contributed to a decline in sales of the same value, i.e., the same amount of mrna ' s new crown vaccine sales fell. (3) The company ' s 1q23 net profit from the non-return of the mother increased by almost 15 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly from the same rate.
Performance gains from new and sub-new items, such as Sluly's single anti-injection fluids, knitted beads for injection, aphrodisiac aphrodisiacs and Azov tablets; income structure continues to optimize.
Bed propulsion. (1) Nationally manufactured potassium ion-competitive acid (p-cab) inhibitor, Qaprabin, opened in conjunction with Jiang Sokofiping and commercialized exclusively by the company, was approved for listing in the country; pd-1 Sruli single-line treatment for a wide range of small-cell lung cancers.
(e-sclc) Adaptive disorders. (2) pd-1 Sruli's joint chemotherapy therapy co-existing the first of three international multi-centre clinical cases. The first two-stage Central European national chords, the Todulone anti-Hancule, was accepted for listing in the United States.
The application for botulinum products for therapeutic technology was processed in China. (3) The company acquired the Chengdu Aventine in 2021 with $4 billion, and 13-priced pneumonia tuberculosis seedlings are in clinical phase III. On 3 February, the company obtained a national pharmaceutical production permit for its follow-up.
New advances have been made in the internationalization of medical beauty, injections and innovations. (1) A firm-owned subsidiary of the company re-initiated medical technology to “flyton” the energy-sourced medical equipment industry. (2) The company's Indian subsidiary, Glandpharma, receives direct sales from the Chinese market.
Buying ceenexi, completing the strategic layout of the European market cdmo business. (3) Subsidiarily, through co-operation with bostononcology, the award period is an exclusive interest in the development and commercialization of the recyclables in 16 emerging markets in Asia and Africa to expand the Asian-African market.
Risks such as profit forecasting, valuation and rating of new products underdevelopment and marketing, increased risk of product competition, less than anticipated risk in the sea-going process, and risk of bio-innovation drug collection price reduction.