ccp/icp etching product development is fully rolled out, with high-end multipliers, high-intensity R & D et al. etching, cvd, and long-term layouts increasing by 291.98% over the same period.
Over $10 billion, the number of shares issued does not exceed 15% of the total stock of the company prior to this issue. Corporate income grew steadily in the first half of the year, but the structure of the business changed. Corporate income in the first half of the year ccp/icp etched.
The growth trend in the income of real-estate equipment enterprises has been largely consistent (1h growth by 17%, of which 1q growth by 12% and 2q growth by 26%) and in semiconductor equipment enterprises in the country is moderate. According to the reported data, Mocvd is estimated to have earned more than RMB 3 billion in the first half of the year, which is almost the same as in the same period last year; etching equipment income of RMB 3.5-4 billion, with corrosion equipment accounting for more than 50% of the total business in China.
Revenue from corrosion equipment also increased steadily in the first half of the year, but it is estimated that the trend of corrosion orders is slower due to the impact of the epidemic, among other things, on order delivery and revenue recognition. On the basis of the reported data, we estimate an increase of about 18% in income from corrosion equipment in the first half of the year, while on the basis of China's International Tender Network, the number of corrosion orders from China's MSMEs rose by 30% in 2018 and 85% in 2019, respectively, and in January and August of this year, respectively.
The number of stations has exceeded 30 per cent of last year’s year’s total, and on this basis it is estimated that the delay in delivery and the slower pace of revenue recognition due to the epidemic may lead to February-April, is largely similar to the performance of international semiconductor equipment taps such as lamresearch, applied equipments, asml, etc.
ccp, icp etching equipment development is fully rolled out. In the annual comparative report, the company developed mocvd equipment for the manufacture of deep purple light led, which was successfully validated by industry leading clients, and obtained a re-ordered order, while obtaining orders from several mainstream industry firms and scientific institutes.
In the project, in “ccp etching equipment for advanced logical circuits (used for less than 7 nm), 14-7 nanomicp medium etching machines and industrialization (dual/four-weight graphics, template etching, wall etching, thin etching, etc.)”, “the process of high end mems plasma etching equipment development wall etching, minus corrosion etc.”),
Add "ccp etching for storage etching" and "step and two graphic exposure etching equipment and industrial equipment" (har etching process)
New R & D projects such as & D (icp etching of key processes such as multiple steps and multiple graphic exposure), “7-5nm icp etching machines.” Increase in R & D intensity of new product lines such as high-end etching, cvd, and increase international competitiveness.
Base building projects (3.17 billion yuan) (Ping Kong + Nanchang), China ' s HQ and R & D Centre projects (3.75 billion yuan), science and technology reserve funds ($3.08 billion), with the main aim of increasing the capacity of existing products, enriching the company ' s product lines and increasing the intensity of product research and development, and closing the gap between research and development inputs with international leaders, such as lamresearch and appliedmerials.
Development and application of corrosion equipment (advanced process of medium etching), next generation of multi-crysilica etching, using the market price of the equipment cpnanova+ on 27 August 2020 as a standard; development and application of the equipment cpnanova+ (7/5/3nm multi-crysilicon etching; 3dnand silicon steps)
Erosion, key etching processes at the front end of 1znmdram, development and application of the next generation multi-crystal silicon etching device icp twinstar+ (double etching below 14nm, 3dnand stairwell etching, dram bipolar icp etching below 20nm), development of the ale atomic layer etching equipment (3nm et al.)
Under), the development and application of hpcvd equipment (silicon oxidesti electro-segregated material deposition, ild layers material deposition, sab layers material deposition), the development of wide-band restraint power extension equipment (cvd equipment).
Sino-Chinese International Securities Company, Inc. Client construction is not as fast as expected; spare parts supply is not timely, etc.