20h1 performance +292%, 10 billion fixed-coded incremental equipment capacity and R & D South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of Performance: On 29 August, the company released its mid-year 2020 report, with a revenue of 980 million yuan from 20h1
• Benefiting from the speed of investment in downstream crystalry mills, the company ' s performance in the first quarter of 20q2 was +461.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis. * Benefiting from the warmer semiconductor cycle and the acceleration of investment in domestic crystalry mills, the company ' s income of 20q1/q2 is $415.7 million, respectively.
q2 single-season net profit increases are high; net non-mortality gains are $619.43 million, compared with -176.2 per cent/+233.3 per cent, with government grants for company-specific equipment (mocvd and carpentry)/requirements amounting to $124 million, exceeding 19 full years (119 million) and mainly for corrosion machines.
With the benefit of government subsidies and improved cost-control capabilities, 20h1 net interest rate of 12.2%, compared to +8.4 pp, is a record high. Ten billion fixed-yard-enhancement equipment capacity and research and development, covering the 3nm atomic layer etching and crystal-cvd.
The company ' s 10 billion fixed growth industrial base construction project (Pinport + Nanchang) has invested $3.17 billion in the expansion of corrosion, mocvd and general semiconductor equipment and spare parts production capacity: 3.75 billion yuan in the port headquarters and R & D centre project, covering 3 nm and the following atomic layer etchings, crystal-crystal chemical deposition equipment.
1. China Insignia (688012): high-end semiconductor equipment, etc.; science and technology reserves amounting to $3.08 billion to meet R & D and expansion needs.
The flat shoulder international giant, this heavy weight increase, will bridge the gap between the size of the company and that of the international giant, and strengthen (2020-05-05) R & D and business layout, making the company a substitute for the national production of high-end semiconductor equipment.
Assumption one: with respect to corrosion equipment, investment in the domestic downstream crystalworker etching equipment has been raised as planned, and the company’s new products have been developed and released inland over the next three years. The company corrosion equipment downstream against the domestic semiconductor crystal circle plant, which has developed more sophisticatedly in recent years, the process chain has increased, and as the semiconductor industry has shifted to China, the replacement rate for domestic production of the equipment has gradually increased, with the country in 2019.
The inner corrosion equipment market is 22.6 billion yuan in size and has stable incremental space. The semiconductor industry process is fast-renewed, imposing high demands on equipment technology change, and we assume that the domestic investment in submarine cutting equipment will increase as planned, and the company ' s new product development will be released inland over the next three years, while the company will continue to increase its corrosion equipment at a higher rate.
Assumption two: new applications downstream of led continue to expand, and the company mocvd continues to have a high market share in the new applications. The company mocvd equipment goes downstream to the led chip factory, with the company ' s global city of nitronitrified radmocvd accounting for over 60% in the second half of the 18th year.
Deep-violet mocvd equipment has been successful and industry leads in the development of mini-led and micro-led, and is ready to be validated on the customer’s production line. We assume that in the future, led’s new applications will be matched by market increases, and that corporate research and development on new mocvd products will continue at a higher market level.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.