Click here to enter text. The Chinese emblem company earned 978 million yuan in business in the first half of 2020, an increase of 22.1 per cent in the same year, and the parent net profit of 1.9 is a high-end semiconductor microprocessor.
A single quarter of 566 million yuan, an increase of 33.2 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 93 million yuan for the mother, an increase over the same period. The area of deep-deep chip manufacturing etching is the country's integrated circuit, 461.5 per cent, and the withholding of non-net profit of 46 million yuan, an increase of 232.3 per cent over the same period.
Companies focus on integrated circuits and the manufacture of led critical equipment. The long-term trend in corporate development remains unchanged. First, countries that store chips for national production and semiconductor equipment.
There is no change in the general trend of production substitution. The 64-storey 3d 2020-09-16 stockowners’ stockholders’ meeting was held to discuss the proposed increase. Nand extension is proceeding in an orderly manner, and 128-storey 3dnand has been developed and is expected to be developed by the end of the year.
In the current external environment, the conversion of semiconductor chips and semiconductor equipment to national production is likely to accelerate, and MSMEs, as suppliers of core equipment stored in the Yangtze River, are expected to continue to raise the winning ratio and market share. Second, the short-term impact of the epidemic on the entire industrial chain is diminishing.
After the short impact of the epidemic, the competitive bidding process has been fully resumed and, according to the open tender information, the number of carving machines stored by China and Micro in the river in 2020 has exceeded 2019, in line with our previous judgement.
First, R & D-driven firms focus more on R & D, and as the volume of corporate product sales increases, the R & D scale effect will become apparent, and the company’s future profitability is expected to increase further.
Nand production line, and into the most advanced 5nm logic line in the world; some of the icp equipment is already in the client validation stage. The icp etching machine for process nodes below 7nm and the new mocvd equipment for mini-led and micro-led are also being developed.
The company’s profits projections and investment ratings: the short-term impact of the epidemic is gradually dissipating, and semiconductor national production replacing it.
The value is 332, 236 and 175, respectively. Consider the company’s long-term technological development capabilities and maintain the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Central Insignia (688012): The downstream landscape continues to rise, and the scale effect is expected to show the source of the financial boom in the East and the boom in the east.
East Hsing Securities Company reports that Central Insignia (688012): Downward view continues to rise, and the scale effect is expected to show.
Liu Jingji, University of Texas, Dallas, United States of America, Simulation/Radio-frequency chip design. Used to be a microchip design engineer for the U.S.S.C. and Purple countries. 2 years of securities experience, joined East Hing securities in 19 years.
Master of Science in Finance, Graduated from Harbin University of Industry, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the Central and Guang Nuclear Group, 2019, joined East Hing Securities for research in the electronics industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.