Event 2: On August 28, the company released a non-public share plan to raise $10 billion, of which $3,177 million is to be spent on a micro-industrial base project and $3,756 million on a medium-sized infrastructure project.
In the first half of 2020, affected by the epidemic, the global semiconductor equipment and the industry of the led equipment industry.
The gas has fallen, but the domestic market for chip equipment has remained at a high level of investment supported by policy support, with companies seizing priority client expansion opportunities and high performance growth. O2 performance has improved since the epidemic subsides, with single quarterly revenues of +33.2 per cent, and net returns of +461.5 per cent.
2) According to the Chinese International Tender Network, a new round (41st batch) of international tenders was published in early July, including products such as a high-concurrent chip splitr and a high-speed chip tester. In addition, phase II of the National Storage Base Project, implemented by the Yangtze Storage, was started in June, planning for production.
In contrast to other production lines, where the Yangtze storage line has a higher rate of winning, the Yangtze storage intensive bidding is expected to accelerate the increase in the domestic production rate of the equipment.) According to China ' s international bidding network, since 2020, the Yangtze River has won a low priority of nine blocks of storage.
Erosion equipment (16 per cent of the cumulative market), Fulbright integration of six etching equipment (14 per cent of the cumulative market), and three Chinese rainbow semiconductor equipment (14 per cent of the cumulative market), while accelerated bidding for downstream crystal circle plants will provide the company with an opportunity for nationalization.
Māori rate remains stable and costs are controlled over time  R & D investment continues to grow and new equipment development progresses steadily
1) Logical integrated circuit manufacturing: High-end etching equipment developed by the company has been used in international knowledge 1, China Insignia (688012): performance client state-of-the-art production line and in the processing of several key steps in 7 nm, 5 nm devices.
Stable growth, semiconductor equipment to national production 2) 3dnand chip manufacturing: Quantified Opportunities for Application of Company ccp Erosion Equipment to Level 64 2020-04-17
Production, coupled with the development of a new generation of corrosion equipment and processes capable of covering 128 layers of critical etching applications and the correspondingly extremely high 2, Middle Insignia (688012): deep-wide in-country.
Semiconductor equipment tap, core equipment 3) mocvd device: capable of achieving 14 single 4 inches and 34 single 34 inches 4 inches above import substitution power 2019-07-05
The company’s Prismoa7 equipment has taken the lead in the global nitrified eledmocvd market. The mocvd equipment being developed also covers the areas of miniled and microlled with greater market opportunities.
▪ Designed to raise $10 billion in additional resources for capacity development and research and development. On August 28, the company disclosed a plan for an increase in stocks to be released to a specific target with a total amount not to exceed $10 billion, of which $3.17 billion was spent on a micro-industrial base construction project, $3.75 billion on the headquarters of China and Microports and on research and development.
In terms of specific projects, 1) the company plans to build new production bases in the new Chinese sector of Shanghai and in the new high area of the city of Nanchang, to expand the production capacity of integrated circuit equipment and the products of the general semiconductor equipment; 2)
The Hong Kong headquarters and the R & D centre project will meet the research and development needs of companies for integrated circuit equipment, general semiconductor equipment, key components, etc., and will invest $2,572 million in new product development. Both projects will be implemented over a five-year period. The semiconductor equipment industry is a technology-intensive industry.
There is still a gap between $2.05 billion and $1.19 billion in investment in research and development for both material and pan forest semiconductors, respectively, and only $425 million in R & D for companies. In the long run, the implementation of fund-raising projects will effectively expand the capacity of companies to produce their main products, build up their research and development capabilities, and improve their performance and profitability.
The company is the only national manufacturer of equipment that enters the global crystallized crystal factory supply chain at a technological level of up to 5 nm, enjoys a valuation premium and maintains an “enhanced” rating.
Figure 10: Mocvd Equipment in Development Project, Figure 11: The Company's current grant-raising project, Figure 12: The Company plans to invest $2,572 million in new product R & D
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board