Performance exceeded expectations and was expected to benefit from nuclear power consumption policy landings and the restructuring of the company: the company published its 2016 report, which generated operating income of $300.09 for the year as compared to the same date, the company disclosed a quarterly report, with operating income of $7,967 million during the reporting period, compared with $7,967 million.
During the same period of the year, the net profit attributable to the owner of the parent company increased by 19.23 per cent; the net profit was $1,215 million, compared to the previous year, with the safe and reliable operation of the fleet and an increase in its efficiency. By the end of 2016, the company had put 16 nuclear power units into commercial operation; the total capacity of the control unit was 1325.1 thousand kilowatts.
Point, mainly as a result of the discontinuation of network charges during the current period; financial cost rate of 14.41 per cent, down by 0.8 percentage points from the 12-month maximum/minimum ($) ratio, with $2.35 billion in debt swaps completed throughout the year to avoid potential currency exchange losses
With $660 million, the company should gradually increase its ability to exchange exchange rate fluctuations. At the same time, it should strengthen the cost-to-cost approach, open the door to " Small Increases in Performance, A Firm Vision for Future Development " .
Construction of nuclear power units with a capacity of 10.37.7 million kilowatts (kW), 3 and 4 and 4 and Fukuk Qing 4 and 4.
Enterprisetop2 merged to open the new journey. Three units, Unit 1, were operational during the year. Xu Da Fort, Phase 2 projects were completed -- 2017/03/20.
The company’s future power generation and profit levels are expected to increase steadily. Nuclear power consumption has been put in place, and the electricity market has been reformed.
In the face of the pressures of excess power and electricity modification, nuclear power is not unique, and the problem has spread from north-east to Fujian, among other places. The decline in the number of hours spent on power generation has led to an increase in unit power generation, with company operating costs increasing by 21.04 per cent, significantly more than the increase in operating income of 14.53 per cent.
Taking into account the unique security and economic characteristics of nuclear power, the issue of elimination has been given sufficient attention. In March, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority issued the Interim Measures to Secure the Safe Emission of Nuclear Power, with the status of a base charge power source for nuclear power in relatively better-off areas (e.g. Guangdong, Zhejiang and Jiangsu).
It is expected to be maintained; in the restricted areas, it is expected to get the policy round (48.2 per cent, 18.3 per cent, 4.5 per cent of the hours spent on nuclear power in Hainan, Liaoning and Fujian, measured by 1.8 times). If the policy is settled, the company will benefit from the nuclear power supply in Foqing and Changjiang.
At the same time, the Henan Network 2nd re-entry project is expected to take place in January 2019, with an additional capacity of 600,000 kilowatts, which is expected to deconstruct the Hainan grid's “big power grid” and achieve full power delivery of the Changjiang nuclear power supply.
Okay. We believe that, as nuclear power security policies fall and nuclear storage integration advances, the problem of nuclear power consumption is likely to be alleviated. At the same time, under the idea of power conversion, “train the middle, free the two sides”, the adaptation of nuclear power to electricity market development is a major move towards efficiency in the operation of nuclear power plants.
The company has taken the initiative to act as, strengthen and coordinate communication with local governments and grid companies to obtain more planned electricity for clean nuclear power, to actively search for and target high-quality customers, and to actively market electricity. As of the end of the first quarter of 2017,
Three nuclear power unit 1 are expected to be delayed for 48 months, and due to security concerns, the country made a prudent decision not to approve a new unit in 2016.
Reasonably, the Energy Guidance Work Opinion 2017 has made it clear that eight crews are planned to start, with a follow-up of ap1000 piles connected to the network, three generations of nuclear power technology certified for reliability, and the company will be licensed to operate the ap1,000 crews of three second-stage, Liaoning Xu Fort and others.
Hwa Long One is going well, Fukuk 5 has successfully tested the first pressure caps, and the cluster ring hangs all in place and is about to achieve a major engineering node for the dome. The country is actively promoting the integration of Hualong technology.
The demonstration of engineering standardization was officially launched, and the company’s fleets of Xiangzhou 1, 2 are the second target site for the development of the Hualong 1 technology in the country, with the possibility of a breakthrough.
In accordance with our medium- and long-term development plan for nuclear power, by 2020 we will be carrying nuclear power up to 58 million kilowatts, building nuclear power up to 30 million kilowatts.
On March 17, the company announced that the nuclear and Chinese nuclear blocs of the controlling shareholders were planning a strategic cluster, that the two groups were all the same, and that the merger would combine to form a confluence of one and the other.
At the same time, high-temperature air-cooled reactors, which are the main thrusters of China’s nuclear-power development, are expected to be advanced and will further enrich the company’s arsenal. China’s nuclear power plant, as the backbone of our nuclear-power development, is expected to grow.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.