2024q3 performance increased, with two major industries working together contributing to long-term growth in deep south circuits (002916.sz) # 2024q3 performance increased by the same-year growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The company issued its three-quarter report for 2024, with 2024q1-q3 achieving revenues of $13.449 billion, or +37.92 per cent of the year, mainly due to an increase in business orders; a net return profit of $1,488 million, or +63.86 per cent of the year; and deductions from the continuous improvement in the product structure and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
● The pcb business was well-developed in various areas, and the pcb business was advanced in an orderly manner with the certification of the coating board ' s business products: the data centre area orders have grown significantly over the years, mainly as a result of increased demand for products such as the ai acceleration card, the egs platform ' s continuous release of products. In terms of new product pre-research, the company has been working with downstream clients.
A generation of platform product research and development and sampling. Automobile electronics, mainly for overseas and domestic Tier1 customers, with new energy and adas as its main focus. New customer targeting needs are released, intellectually capable of driving related high-end products are growing steadily, driving the increase in auto electronics.
Operations: bt products are geared towards opportunities for local demand repair in the market and accelerate the import of new products and customers, pushing orders to increase significantly over the same period in 2023, with overall demand continuing through the last quarter of 2023; fc-bga seals have advanced in an orderly manner in terms of line certification import, sample certification, etc.
• New plant capacity continues to climb well, with sufficient future growth momentum.
Quick release of the base plate - company update. Project phase 2023q4 was connected, product line capacity was rapidly upgraded at 2024h1 and capacity climbs were still in the advanced stages, focusing on capacity-building for the platform and advancing client product certification at all levels.
The performance rate of 2024q1 has improved significantly, the Southton base has land reserves and new building conditions, and the four-phase project has recently started.