A steady growth in performance, pcb maintaining a high crop rate, 3-quarterly review in 2024, deep south circuit (002916.sz)
Events: Corporate disclosure of three-quarters in 2024. Companies achieved revenues of $13.449 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 37.92 per cent over the previous quarter; net profit for mothers of $1,488 million, an increase of 63.86 per cent over the previous quarter; single-quarter revenue deductions of net profit for mothers continued to be innovative, with a slight decline in the profitability ring.q3 quarter returns for companies.
Four hundred and twenty-eight million yuan, a new high in single-quarter revenues, increased by 37.95 per cent and the ring by 8.45 per cent. The combined Māori and cost increases resulted in a slight decline in the profit-making ring for the q3 quarter, with a net interest rate of 10.59 per cent for the q3 quarter and a decline in the ring by 3.35 pt. The net operating cash flow of companies in the first three quarters was $1,664 million, an increase in the same year.
The company’s pcb business income comes mainly from communications, data centres, auto electronics, and engineering medicine. In the data centre area, the universal server eaglestream
The platform has been upgraded, leading to an increase in the value of a single server pcb, and an investment in a major global cloud service provider, which has led to an increase in the demand for ai servers and has further boosted the need for a server pcb. In the area of motor power subs, the demand for a client's targeted project has been released gradually, thanks to the company's pre-positioning.q3 company pcb
The overall crop rate ring is generally flat and at high levels. In terms of additional capacity, the company has continued to upgrade and upgrade the existing mature pcb plant to improve production efficiency and release certain capacity;
The q3 firm’s q3 plant has experienced a slight decline in crop activity as demand fluctuates in some areas of downstream demand. The q3 plant has now reached a single month.
With a balance of gain and loss, the first stage of the Guangzhou sealing board project is currently in the advanced stages of the climb, with a focus on the relative depth of 300 per cent. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.