Three Rings issued a first-quarter report for 2022: 1,402 million yuan in corporate income in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 7.07 per cent over the same period; 498 million net returns to mothers; corporate resistance to pressure in the context of weak consumer electronic demand; gross
In the first quarter of 2022, in the context of the epidemic and weak consumer electronic demand downstream, companies responded positively, resisting environmental pressure, and operating income sustained growth at a high level of growth over the same period last year. In terms of profitability, 2022q1 achieved Māori.
Average. Operating cash flows of $473 million, representing an increase of 19.65 per cent over the same period. On the cost side, 2022q1 achieved sales, management, financial costs of 1.14 per cent, 7.78 per cent, and 2.70 per cent, respectively, with a significant reduction in financial costs.
In terms of R & D costs, companies continue to increase their R & D investment to improve core competitiveness of their products and to meet customer demand, with R & D costs for 2022q1 of 1.12 per cent.
In the broader context of trade friction, the electronic component supply chain accelerates its internal transfer and continuously pulls up the size of the electronic component market.
Continued high performance, long-term growth of ceramic material platform, strong potential. 202,0425 projects more than 600,000 new 5g base stations, fibre optic connectors, etc., in 2022
The company, as a platform-type company with a 50-year history of development of ceramic materials, takes full advantage of the opportunity to market products such as fibre-optic connector ceramic cores, oxidation, aluminium-ceramic panels, ceramic-based bodies, etc.
Step by step to increase the production of electronic components and materials, semiconductor components, and continuously optimize the structure of products to enable companies to achieve sustainable development. Companies pursue alternative national production opportunities, high-end mlcc product R&D and expansion, with companies completing a new I in 2021.
After the completion of this project, which is expected to raise the market share of the public sector mlcc, the core competitiveness of the company will be enhanced.
The risk of a decline in the price of passive components; increased risk due to competition in the market; lower demand downstream than expected; and less progress in the construction of expansion projects than expected.
Mao Jianxing: Master of Materials, University of Kyotan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in the country between 2018 and 2020 Liu : Master of Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Technical University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.