Performance exceeded expectations, with positive growth in the first quarter of the year, when the firm achieved a negative growth of 1,402 million yuan, compared with 7.1 per cent, net profit of 498 million yuan, compared with 1.6 per cent, net profit of 420 million yuan, compared with 0.1 per cent, overmarket expectations. We maintained the previous surplus.
The material platform is highly competitive in the field of widgets, communications components and semiconductor components, and the current valuation is at the bottom of the company's historical valuation area, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
During the first quarter, the company managed to overcome the effects of the epidemic and weak consumption, with a positive increase in revenue profits on a year-on-year basis. Of these, the Māori harvest rate was 49.4%, an increase of 8.5 percentage points over 2021q4, which was better than 48.6% over 2021q3, and a slight decrease of 2.0 pcts over 2021q1. Cash flows were impressive, with net operating cash flows of 473 million, up from 2021.
Three hundred and ninety-five million yuan for the same period. High levels of water in stock and low turnover of fixed assets were affected by the epidemic and weak consumption demand. Of this amount, 247.8 days were held in stock in one quarter, while data for one quarter reached an all-time high.
Domestic terminal manufacturers can complain strongly about the ownership of the basic components, and companies respond positively to the demand of the terminal and operate with full power mlcc. The company ' s 2021 targeted growth program has been successfully released, and the high-conceivable mlcc project is to be invested in the company ' s update report - electronic components and materials.
With $3.75 billion raised, project planning is expected to achieve an annual high-yielding mlcc300 billion. The project will be beneficial, and will continue to be strong in the top business, and the company will continue to do a very strong mlcc business, and it is expected that after childbirth, the total capacity of the company will exceed 50 billion mlcc/month.
"Corporate Information Update - Three Quarterly Performance Bases" is a match between expectations, and "mlcc" is a match.
Corporate Information Update Report - 2021h1 Performance Note