Promising long-term growth potential of ceramic materials platform (for the first time)
Three Rings issued its annual report 2021: the company achieved business income in 2021, the benefits of the high performance of the passive component industry, the maintenance of high corporate revenues, the benefits of the accelerated construction of new infrastructure such as the 5g network, data centres and manpower.
The industries of intelligence, object networking, automobile electronics, etc. are growing rapidly, and the passive component industries are experiencing a high climate. In 2021, the company maintained its momentum and continued to expand its products. The scale of production and sales has increased significantly.
The annual collection of electronic components and materials, communications components and semiconductor components was 26.38 per cent, with the company maintaining overall Maori rates of 53.53 per cent, 49.98 per cent and 37.58 per cent respectively for electronic components and materials, communications components and semiconductor parts.
In terms of costs, there has been no significant change in the financial costs of the company.
On the other hand, companies continue to increase their R & D investment to improve the core competitiveness of their products and to meet customer demand, with R & D costs at $419 million in 2021, corresponding to growth.
In the broader context of trade friction, the electronic component supply chain accelerates its internal transfer and continuously pulls up the size of the electronic component market.
The Ministry expects to build more than 600,000 new 5g base stations in 2022, leading to the market development of communications components, such as fibre-optic connectors. As a platform-type company with a 50-year history of ceramic materials, the company takes full advantage of the opportunity in the fibre-optic connector ceramic core, oxidation.
Aluminium tiles, ceramics, etc. are among the leading products in the world, increasing the production of electronic components and materials and semiconductor components, with continuous improvement in product structure and enabling companies to achieve sustainable development. At the same time, companies continue to increase their production.
In addition, in 2021, the company completed a new round of surges to raise 25 billion tons of high-capacity monthly production.
With the completion of the multilayered ceramic capacitor extension project and the construction of the Shenzhen Three Ring research and development base project, the company ' s mlcc market share is expected to increase further, increasing the risk of a fall in the price of passive components; market competition increases the risk; downstream demand does not increase.
Electronics group presents Maozheng: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of US semiconductor company work experience, and has been involved worldwide.
Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.