Biyadi (002594.sz) buy-in (first rating)
e Platform 3.02-2 car $pus, listed on the market; after Hanev's original edition and dm-i was launched, it broke over 25,000 in June, and the same seal and the new Donev were well received. Following up on Oceannet, momentum and high-end brands, new cars will be launched to drive companies to grow on a sustainable basis.
With a strong three-power technology, improved marketing structures, brands are clearly up: from dm-i super-mixing technology, e-platform 3.0 pure power platforms, high-efficiency blade batteries, ctb technology, etc., the Biadi model is getting better, the ocean, dynasty, power and high-end brands are getting stronger, 200,000 out of May.
The company announces the impact of the increase in the price of materials, with the company ' s q1 current model being changed twice, and the mix/pure electric vehicle model accumulated.
The company ' s Māori ratio is expected to improve with the roll-out of high-end branded vehicles. Smart technology is thin, and is expected to accelerate in 22/23 years: since 21 years, the company has accelerated its efforts in the field of intellectual driving, focusing on self-researching smart driving decision-making layers, executive layers, smart network technologies such as the country.
The research is closely aligned with soft and hardware companies like 100 degrees, British Weida, Quick Start, Horizon, and Momenta. It is expected that the company’s intellectual skills in 22H2 and 2023 will be significantly upgraded to accelerate the transformation of highly intelligent companies.
Cars, with a significant increase in production and sales. According to the segment valuation method, the company ' s entire car/cell/car industry increased competition in 2022; the price of raw materials fluctuated; the volume of electric car sales fell short of expectations; and exchange rate fluctuations.
1.1 The new energy industry has erupted in 21 years, with 22 years of opportunity and adaptation.  21 years of new energy vehicle sales are over-expected and full-blown. A small drop in sales in 2019 has occurred, but the overall decline is due to factors such as the gradual downturn in new energy subsidies, the switch in environmental standards and the upgrading of industry transformations.
Strong resilience, with 132,000 vehicles sold in 2020 as a result of the epidemic. In 2021, the volume of new energy vehicles in the country rose sharply to 3.56,000, an increase of 165.2 per cent compared to the previous year, and the penetration rate of new energy sources in passenger vehicles also rose significantly to 14.8 per cent, with pure electric cars bev and plug-in hybrid vehicles.
In 2021, phev also saw an outbreak of growth. Of these, vev sold 2.91 million in 2021, an increase of 170 per cent; phev achieved a growth rate of 145 per cent, an increase of 605,000.
Year q1, our new energy vehicle sales amounted to 1249,000 vehicles, representing an increase of 142.48 per cent over the previous year, of which 100 per cent was higher in January and March, 203.63 per cent in February and 13.42 million in June, 596,000 of which were in a state of disreputation and re-innovation.
With multiple shocks, the supply end faces adjustment for 22 years. The recurrent uncertainties of the epidemic hit the car industry supply chain, while the price of lithium carbonate from power cell raw materials jumped, and the price of lithium carbonate from the pool level rose from 68,000 yuan/tons at the beginning of last year to about 500,000 yuan/tons today.
Nearly eight times. With unstable upstream automobile chains and high prices of raw materials, new sources of cars will maintain a supply deficit, with many new-energy car manufacturers declaring price increases for 22 years. 1.2 Byato core technology, with market shares rising year by year.
In the field of power cells, the Biade Group has developed lithium phosphate batteries, three-dollar batteries and blade batteries that address the global nature of electric car batteries in terms of safety, life cycle, range and power.
In the case of electrons, the acceleration is faster than the anesthetic motor, and the structure is simpler and easier to maintain. And, since 2018, Biadi has been running a new dm3.0 technology platform, dm-p&
The dm-i two-platform strategy, one of the core components of the dm-i supermixing technology, the Dym-i supermixing cloud, and 1.5l high-efficiency engine heat efficiency, up to 43.04 per cent, are the highest volume gasoline engines in the world.
Platforming of key components and platforming of the entire vehicle structure. Based on platform 3.0, a zero-accelerator speed of 2.9 seconds and a maximum of 1,000 km extension. 100 km of electricity consumption is 10% lower than the same level of vehicle type and at least 10% higher in winter.
Dolphins and dollar pluses have made good sales. 1.2.2 Biadi sales are growing, and market shares are rising year by year.
According to Marklines, in 2021 Biadi sold 32 million electric vehicles, or 43 per cent of the total, and became the country ' s largest new-energy car champion for many years. Market shares in the electric car market and in the market as a whole have been rising year after year.
Long. Biadi ' s share of the market for electric vehicles was 19.1% in January-22, 28.5% in April, of which 2 and Biadi used batteries as their starting point, with automobiles as their development. In 1995, Biadi was created to develop battery chargers autonomously. In 2003, it became the world ' s number one.
Biadi, the producer of the two major battery chargers, began to march into the automobile industry. Following a new energy vehicle development path of autonomous research and development, autonomous production and ownership of brand names, Biadi became a leading Chinese-influenced business that achieved a "circumstance overcarry" in the global market.
Figure 6: Biadi Development History 2.2 Four Main Businesses 2.2.2.2 Increases and improvements in marketing structure, contributing to improvements in Māori rates
The company’s main business now covers automobiles, cellular parts and assembly, secondary charge batteries, cloud tracks, etc. The automobile business is the company’s core business, with 52.03% of the vehicle business in 2021 and over 69% of the gross profit. Biadi is now the country’s largest new energy source.
Car companies, which for many years have been the country’s number-one source of new energy vehicles, have also done well overseas in commercial vehicles such as electric buses, special cars, etc. Cellular parts and assembly operations include electronics metals, glass, ceramics, composite panels, etc.
Components, parts and components, such as chargers, secondary charge batteries, and complete machine design, assembly, etc., with product coverage, consumer electronics, automobile electronics etc., one-stop service for vertical integration of customers, major customer packages, semi-annual reports, 86.5 billion yuan in revenues from cellular parts and assembly operations in the first half of 2021, accounting for company revenues
Secondary charge batteries consist mainly of lithium ion and iron battery products, which are widely applied to mobile phones, electric tools and other portable electronic devices, with major customers including consumer electronics leaders such as Samsung, dell, and leading global robot manufacturers such as Corvos, irobot.
In addition, the company is active in the expansion of orbital transport-related projects, which now have two major operations, Cloud Track and Yunba, but whose share is still low and currently less than 1 per cent.
By and large, Biadei's focus is on automobiles. And the structure of the company's main business is bound to focus its strategic focus on the new energy sector, consistent with national policies, the general direction of the automobile market, figure 8: Biadi's core business collection for nearly five years.
2.2.2.2 Increases in prices and improvements in sales structure, contributing to improvements in the Māori rate Battery-grade lithium carbonate from around 50,000/tonne in q1 in 2021 to around 500,000/tonne in March of this year, in addition to a significant increase in raw materials for batteries such as nickel, cobalt, copper, etc., resulting in higher company costs, Māori
The price of battery-grade lithium carbonate ($/tons) has changed twice in the current model, with a cumulative increase of about 6k in the mixed model and a net increase of about 1w in the total electricity.
In terms of marketing structure, higher sales of high-end vehicles in Biadi have led to an increase in overall car sales, plus. Union data show that in June 2022, there were 25209 retail sales in Biadihan in a single month.
Ten thousand dollars, and the increase in the share of high-priced car sales is expected to further increase the company’s Māori rate. 3. Power-fired fire, intelligent and thin hair, Bíadi announced sales in May, and 11.42 million new energy vehicles (phev/ev: 6.08w/)
5.33w), +152.8/+8.2%, cumulative sales of 50.44 million (phev/ev: car operations) in January-May demonstrate their strategic resolve to electrodynamicize; in the area of intelligence, it is also moving forward.
Corporate capital; hardware, investing in horizons (3d chips), working with fast-tracking (laser radar) strategies, working with British Weida this year, is expected to be accompanied by high-level smart driving products that will promote corporate intelligence.
3.14 brands have been created and have a well-developed spectrometry, high-end and ready-to-be 3.1.1 vehicle matrix, with different brands covering 5 to 1 million new energy vehicle market space 21 years of combing the vehicle matrix, with mainstream price bands of 5 to 3 million assumed by the dynasty and ocean series;
The end 300,000-500,000 is to be borne by powerful brands, and in April there was a new mpv d9; and the end of half a million will create a new brand, with the first model expected to be released in October this year. 3.1.2 Oceannet and Dynamite Network will go hand in hand.
The ocean network consists of a series of marine organisms that are primed in pure electricity and a mixed series of warships. The marine life series carries a brand-new e-platform technology of 3.0, centred on color, safety, efficiency, intelligence experience, and the warship series a combination of dm-i super-mixing technology that perpetuates super-mixed “quick, short, quiet, smooth, green” subversion.
The introduction of the ocean network will be an important thrust of the new cycle of the company’s mainstream vehicle model. The marine life series includes dolphins, seals, sea lions, etc.: dolphins are the first model of the marine biology system.
The Suv-type, mpv-type, named "landship" , the destroyer 05 is the first in the warship series, which consists of pure electricity, blending, and flowering on both sides. The Dynasty series contains a matrix of Han, Don, Song, Qin, and $5, which covers different prices, body forms, and power patterns.
• 3.1.3 Power d9, high-end branding power, 16 May, power d9 opened presale, power d9 mounted on dm-i supermix technology and e-platform 3.0 technology, positioning large-scale high-end new energy mpv, launching pure electrical plates and plug-in hybrid power
Version: Prices hit the luxury mpv market segment. Or it's going to be a luxury mpv pure electric explosive vehicle, with an estimated monthly sales of 5,000 vehicles per month.
5250/1920 mm with a bearing range of 3110 mm, a straight waterfall grid on the head of a pure electric version, a rectangular diamond cut on the side, and a cross-cutting taillight on the tail to add the arrow style of a meteor.
2nd row with nappa real leather seat and original collusive handscreen; 3rd row with excellent space, central access 170 mm width, maximum leg space 1141mm.
With regard to electricization, T.D. 9 will carry the e3.0 platform ' s eight-phased power unit, high-efficiency heat pumps in broad-temperature areas and blade batteries, with a maximum charge capacity of 166 kw and a maximum charge capacity of 150 km in 10 minutes and 30-80 per cent charge time of 30 minutes.
In terms of smartness, Trend d9 uses a class-I2+ smart drive, while d9 will carry a high-fibre 7325, capable of driving a chip, with a single calculus of up to 12 tops and a cm-sized uplifting pilot intelligent driving system, with a three-dimensional silk slide experience. The new car will also carry a global first game steering wheel.
In the Biadi high-end brand, in conjunction with Biadi’s product planning, high-end brands will be issued in the q3 quarter, brand branding will be launched in the first q4 quarter of 2022 and will be marketed in the first half of 2023.
The end brand will apply the most sophisticated car technology in Biadi, using the Chinese-mdc computing platform, equipped with a double-intensity light radar, with a projected sales price of 800,000 to 1.5 million dollars, using a completely new and independent brand, product, sales service, 3.1.4 explosive product, which will drive Biadi to do its best.
Flagship sedan -- the Han series has achieved a high-end breakthrough with super-high product power. In July 2020, Bialdi's flagship model, which brings together the current technology of Biadey, was marketed and sold.
Prices ranged from 200,000 to 300,000, and belonged to medium- and high-end vehicle-type positioning. In the new energy sector, competition over the same period included model3, small p7 models, contrasting pricing, power parameters, space, intelligent configurations, etc., with better value for money with competitiveness than Yadihan.
On April 10, Biadi released four new items in the Han series, which are expected to hit 20,000 monthly sales.
A cumulative 48,136 orders were placed on the market on the same day, and it is expected that the monthly sales will stabilize by 20,000.
The biggest upgrades to the Hanev series were in appearances, voyage miles, and intelligence. Han’s front-page face was a piano black sports package, a back-to-back look, a Chinese taillight, and a strong sense of motion, physical strength, and a strong sense of Chinese culture.
In terms of continuation, the battery was upgraded from 76.9kwh to 85.4kwh, and the maximum continued flight was also upgraded from 605km (nedc) to 715km (cltc). The heat pump air conditioning system was mounted.
Figure 25: Dipilot's smart driving aids, intelligence pods and autopilots have also been completely upgraded. This time, Hanev's two editions have been installed on a whud up-and-up system, a smart flavour system, a hifi-grade Dana sound.
In the case of smart driving, the original has 24 sensors, q3 ota-twigs, etc. The whole thing has increased dramatically in the areas of high-speed driving aids, driveway aids, and intellectual comity, and intelligent driving levels have risen steeply.
▪ 3.1.5 The combination of the Handm model has been upgraded to Handm-i and Handm-p. This upgrade has been mainly designed for power systems, batteries and continuation of flights. It has been continuously designed in the family, using the front face of the dragonface movement, the polygonar grid has been integrated into the chrome-plating grid, and is highly recognizable.
The tail section, similar to Hanev, uses a cross-cutting Chinese-led taillight, which is very good for the country. On the sale price, the price of Handm is 22.28/2428,000, and the price of the new upgrade is 21.58-2898/3180,000.
In terms of intelligence, in line with Hanev, the combination of millimetre waves of radar and domain controllers, forward traffic drills, highway aids, lighting intelligent transformations, etc., have been added to the Handm-i top and to the Handm-p, and the intellectual experience has been significantly upgraded.
Figure 27: Handm-p look Power and economy, thanks to upgrade of a completely new dm system, Handm-i loses up to 4.2l (Handm 5.9l), while Handm-p achieves 3.7s +5.2l with an acceleration of 3.7s + 5.2l.
On the other hand, as a result of the increase in electrical load from 15.2 kwh to 18.3/37.5 kwh, pure electrical renewal was also raised from 81km at Nedc Factor to 121km/242 (202) km. 3.2dm-i Supermixed Creation Plug-up Year, accelerating mainstream prices with electrodynamic penetration
3.2.1dm-i Supermix technology introduction, launched in March 21 and widely recognized in the market, with a mixed market share of more than 55%. Supermixing technology is power-driven, supported by motors. Loss of oil is as low as 3.8l/100 m
In Lebanon, the full range of cruise miles is over 1,200 km, with a 100-km acceleration of 2-3s faster than a fuel vehicle of the same grade, which is now extremely efficient and very low fuel consumption. The core components of the dm-i supermix include, inter alia, a two-electric ehs super-mixing system, a dm-i supermixing cloud-plug.
Specialized high-efficiency engines, mixed power blade batteries, and whole vehicle control systems, engine control systems, electrical control systems, battery management systems.
16,000 rpm, with a maximum efficiency of 97.5 per cent; the power density of the power plant, thanks to the cooling technology, reached a power semiconductor device with a combined power control efficiency of 98.5 per cent; the excess compression ratio, with a heat efficiency of 43.04 per cent.
3.2.dm-i has the advantage of having low prices, low fuel consumption, low noise, high power, etc. Prices are low: due to good cost control, dm-i cards are at competitive price levels.
By lowering the cost of spare parts, production costs and using internal suppliers to control dm-i: on the cost of fittings, replacing the water cooler with the oil-cooler, with a 30 per cent increase in efficiency while significantly reducing costs; on the cost of production, since the manual production line is less expensive than the automatic production line and therefore is not pursued deliberately
Full automation of production to avoid losses due to fluctuations in production capacity, coupled with manual review of quality assurance; lower costs in the supply chain due to the introduction of internal suppliers. (2) Low fuel consumption: mixed systems are linked and linked to power systems and capability flow structures.
Each structure has different advantages and disadvantages: the serial representative is the ideal one, the kinetic system is characterized by an electric motor-driven wheel, the engine is used only to drive the generator to charge the battery, transmission is inefficient, and the combined representative is the upper-voltage edugen2 system, which is characterized by engine-driven initiative.
The electric motors are complemented by high energy sales, but high fuel consumption at low speeds; the hybrids represent Biadidm-i, which is power-driven, with engines always working at the most efficient stages, with low fuel consumption and good economics. dm-i uses power-based hybrid techniques to reduce fuel consumption. dm-i has electricity in every case.
Participation, and with the exception of high-speed damage, cars run most of their time in pure electrical mode, reducing fuel consumption by giving priority to electricity, using fuel-hour engines to work in efficient areas. Large-capacity power cells expand the power flow, thereby reducing engine working hours; the new ehs mix can accommodate a variety of conditions.
The system requires a maximum heat efficiency of 43.04 per cent for specialized engines, 97.5 per cent for generators and 90.3 per cent for areas with more than 90 per cent power efficiency.
Chart 35: Dm-i drive mode under different working conditions (3) Low noise, power, and more comfortable driving experience: quiet, dm-i with power-based properties, more than 80% of working conditions are powered by electric power and a pure electrical silence is achieved
At the power level, motors, power drivers, and blade batteries add up to the power of the entire vehicle. The ehs have a peak power of 132/145/60kw, and, after the supercharge of the engine, they add up the power of the engine.
The combined power rate is 1,16073/254kw, and the power performance exceeds that of the 2.0t engine. The power level is wider and the response speed is faster, giving the owner a smoother driving experience. The hypercompressive ratio is 43.04% heat efficiency.
Battery packages in the dm-i hybrid power system ranged from 8.3 to 43kwh and, in addition to the communication slow-up system of 3.3kw and 6.6kw, the straight flow fast charge system of 750v125a was supported with a battery charge of up to 80% in 30 minutes, characterized by high power, high capacity and low internal resistance
3.3-e platform 3.0 technology market recognition is over-expected, new vehicle-type blasts are frequent, 3.3.1-e platform 3.0 technology presentation, competition platform comparison, e-platform 3.0 technology enhances companies ' core competitiveness in the new energy sector.
In 2018, the company released platform e 2.0, marking Biadi's transmission to pure electric power, at a maximum speed of 140 km/h in 10 seconds.
Full progress is made in the area of integrated solutions for vehicle parts and components; the "e platform 2.0" technology can be summarized as "33111" and two "3" means a drive of 3 plus 1 plus 3 plus 1, 3 "1" means a plate, and figure 38: a technical presentation of the Biade platform 2.0
Figure 37: Biade platform 2.0, two three-part solution for platform 3.0 with four main characteristics: smart, efficient, safe, aesthetic.e platform 3.0 uses a capacity of 100 kwh high-performance lithium phosphate blade battery.
It's the first industry to break 100 kwh of a lithium phosphate battery, and it combines a blade battery with the entire body of the vehicle, creating a pure electrically exclusive transmission path, making the upper limit of the structural strength of the fuel vehicle pure electric.
In terms of efficiency, thanks to the combined power generation of the world's first eight-pack, the maximum mileage was broken by 1,000 km; under the addition of the power-driven voltage fast charge technology, the model achieved a five-minute, maximum mileage supercharger performance of 150 km; and the company launched the first wide-area heat pump air conditioner in the industry, which was able to reach -30 -60°C.
; high-end vehicles using a completely new power four-drive system with 100 km acceleration up to 2.9 seconds, energy consumption is consistent with two cars. For the first time, e-platform 3.0 is fully structured and traditional distributed electronic power is used.
The integration of the gas architecture into a domain control structure, divided into intelligent power, smart car control, smart space and intelligence, can drive four domains, and improves system efficiency. On software, Biadi has developed a soft and hard-coupled vehicle operating system by dos, providing a high standard of collaboration for high-level intelligent driving.
In aesthetics, through efficient integration, the fluidity of vehicle space and general deployments is enhanced. The whole car is much shorter, with a larger axle range and a much larger space; the lower body posture and longer axle range design bring the wind barrier (cd) to 0.21.
Core technologies are maintained, e-platform 3.0 perform better than peers. Under technologies such as blade batteries, combined power, power-drilling fast charge technologies, e-plate 3.0 is better than the electric platform of traditional domestic car companies for a five-minute renewal of their voyages, zero accelerations, and charge. e-platform is an open platform.
The platform is expected to continue to improve competitiveness in cooperation with Toyota, Mercedes, and others. 3.3.2 On board products and advantages  The company has launched two e-platform 3.0 technology models for ocean life under the Oceannet.
Dolphins are the first product built at the Beadie Pier 3.0 platform, with a maximum duration of 405 km. Dolphins have a vehicle size of 405 km.
4070 (4125)/1770/1570 mm with a axis range of 2700 mm, reaching the length of the main fuel vehicle, with a maximum power of 70 kw on board the ion-magnetic-synchronous machine, 180 n m on a peak twist, and a configuration of 30.72kwh and 44.928kwh of two lithium phosphate batteries, with a continued mileage of 301 km and 405 km, respectively,
100 km of electricity consumption is as low as 10.3kw h. Dolphins are the main competition for cars like cats and Honda Flying. Dolphins are better than cats with higher safety and space in larger cars, while dolphins are better than flies with lower energy costs in the face of rising oil prices. Dolphins sold 1,0501 in March, achieving a zero-grade car sales of three.
Biadian dollars plus is an e-platform of 3.0 a-class suv, which is sold over 10,000 in March. The new car is 4455, 1875, 1615 mm long, with 2720 mm axle, with a maximum output capacity of 150 kw, a maximum torque of 330 n m, and a further mileage of 430 km510 km.
By comparison, the dollar plus accelerated, the mileage was larger, and the trunk space was spacious. In March 2022, the company will launch three brand-new vehicles for the marine life series: seals, sea lions, and seagulls. The three vehicles were identified as medium-sized cars, medium-sized suvs, and mini-saloons.
On March 15, Biadi launched the e3.0 platform, a pure sedan seal, challenging Tesla model3. On the external side, Biadi seals are a volume version of the Oceanx concept car, with a simple overall look.
Fashion, low-pitched posture highlights speed. On the power side, Biadi seals currently provide three combinations, single-power low-power version with an electromagnetic synchroniser with a maximum power of 150kw; single-power high version with an electromagnetic synchroniser with a maximum power of 230kw; and two-power version with a 160kw front.
To communicate with the astrotomers, replace with a 230kw electromagnetic synchroniser. The four-drive version 0-100km/h accelerates with only 3.8s; the full-car type carries the Biadi blade battery. The seals have a strong speed, a beautiful shape and larger space, while the price is lower and the overall value is higher than the competition.
3.4 Blade battery protection, extra for customers. 3.4.1 Biandi blade battery characteristics and technical advantages. Blade cells have high safety, long-duration, long-lived, low-cost features.
Batteries passed the industry's most stringent needle-point test and did not explode; at the long range, blade-cell modifications changed the production process and formation patterns to increase volume energy density by 50 per cent, with class C vehicles able to continue 700 km; at the long-life level, blade-cells used long-cycle life-cycle lithium phosphate material for storage life.
At a low-cost level, blade batteries do not contain scarce resources such as nickel and cobalt and have a natural advantage in controlling costs.
Lithium phosphate + stacked with a high safety blade battery. At the material level, the cell has rapidly increased its internal temperature during short internal circuits, external heating or major electrical currents to discharge, with intense decomposition and oxidation of positive materials and electrolytic fluids, respectively, generating high temperatures and large amounts of gas that can cause the battery to explode in flames.
Batteries begin to decompose only when they are close to 500°C and do not release oxygen during the decomposition, while three-dimensional batteries have a critical point of only 200°C and have a higher heat rate, and blade cells are more secure when they use phosphate lithium material. At the internal process level, square cells around the structure expand around the corner during the cycle.
The heat is out of control as a result of the vulnerability of the force to break-ups, while the blade cell uses the folding process, which is more secure because there is no disproportionality around the corner.
Figure 47: The phosphate lithium material used in the blade battery is more secure, folded + blades, forming a blade battery with a high energy density. The process at the core and module levels together contributes to the increase in the energy density of the blade cell. At the core, the curling cell has a radian around the corner.
Blade cells, using a stacking process, take full advantage of the edged space at the corner, are designed to have an energy density of about 5% higher than the same size core. At the modular level, by designing the core into thin and long blade shapes, the battery system parts of the Blade battery are more than 40% less than the conventional battery system.
Knife batteries have an excellent storage and circulation life, both of which are far longer than the annual insurance requirement for the use of the entire vehicle. Storage life refers to life-saving consumption at the time of placement. Knife batteries have been used for the use of lithium phosphate, low voltage windows.
The electrolytic fluid is more stable, restoring capacity at storage at a rate much greater than the ncm811 cell; life cycle means charging, driving lifetime consumption, phosphate lithium material structure, and thus more stable, so the blade cell is more consistent. The loop lifetime converts miles far greater than the full vehicle useful life requirement and is higher than the ncm811 cell, the blade battery.
Physically measured cycle life is over 4,500 times, higher than 1000-2000 times for three-dollar batteries. Figure 51: Storage life of Biadi Blade Batteries. Figure 52: Cycle life of Biadi Blade Batteries.
Knife cells are less expensive and more cost-effective than average phosphate lithium and trio batteries. Blade cells perform in terms of safety, volume utilization, life cycle, structural strength.
At the same time, in combination with advanced thermal management and high-pressure fast charge technologies, blade batteries overcome the natural disadvantages of iron phosphate lithium in low-temperature performance and recharge rates. Higher value for money attracts first-class customers, such as gas, Toyota, psa and Tesla.
3.5 Smart driving continues to accumulate and is expected to catch thin hair in the second half of the year.
High-level smart driving techniques, and consumers' greater interest in safety quality and slogans, have created a safe smart base for Biadi from bottom-disk control, mechanical motorization, etc., and have pre-empted integrated interfaces to help the future of high-level and high-level intelligent driving in the fast-integrated industry.
Self-researching and centralizing smart driving decision-making, executive, and smart network basics for hypercarriage. Smart driving is divided into sensory, decision-making and enforcement levels, and at the decision-making level, Biadi self-researched and pushed out the whole operating system bydos, solving the problem of the fast-tracked bottom structure, and many chip capabilities.
It's self-supplied; at the executive level, Biadi drives multiple components electrolytic; moreover, on the smart network, active research is being carried out on the inside of the main line communications vehicle, which evolves in the direction of fibre-optic communications, and self-researched dilink 4.0 (5g).
A solid basis for a rapid follow-up upgrading of intelligence levels is provided by the advances in smart driving in 3.5.2.2021, which are the latest results of the Biadi intelligent driving in 2021.
dilink4.0(5g) is the built-in 5g-car communications entertainment system for Biadi's own development of the world's first volume, with the following bright spots: (1) mimo's more in- and out-of-the- antenna design, more stable and faster signals; (2) industry's first dual-frequency positioning navigation technology, flexible response to complex environments; and (3) all-weather coverage.
Visual design - smart deep theme settings. Users can be safe, comfortable, energy-efficient, efficient, and provide continuous service to users after delivery, extending the corporate value chain. e-platform 3.0 carries the domain control electronics integration architecture.
Construction, cpu numeracy increased by 30 per cent and interactive efficiency increased by 50 per cent; software introduced bydos of the country's lead vehicle operating system to integrate applications and hardware to guarantee continuous architecture upgrades.
Figure 57: Biadi Smart Driving and Smart Network Development History 3.5.32022 Hanev Smart Driving Evolution and Follow-up
Dipilot provides a more secure and convenient driving experience for car owners, including didas and ditrainer.
The detrainer model is self-learning and self-evolved and can provide customized driving aids.
Dilink4.0 and dicuss-c provide car owners with a smoother intellectual driving experience. 22 are equipped with the diliink 4.0 smart network, version 5g, which makes it easier and faster to keep the lanes accompanied and self-adapted to cruise functions. Disus-c is able to fly voluntarily to manage the resistance of the seismologist, depending on the circumstances of the road.
Cooperative research and development + focused investment + big data advantages, waiting for Biadi's thick and thin hair. Biadi's main base is in the configuration of traditional cars and driving intelligently around adas, switching to self-development software to sop
On the 22nd of the 22nd of the day, Yin Weida announced that it had entered into a cooperation agreement with Biadei, and that it was expected that on the following day, Biadi and Horizon would officially announce a fixed collaboration, and that some of them would be on the ground in mid2023, with high performance, high-calculation autodrive chip race 5 on the market.
Car ownership is in China’s top position, bringing big traffic data, enabling continuous training of its smart driving software to rapidly upgrade its intellectual driving capabilities, and Biadi’s intellectual driving capabilities are expected to increase rapidly in the context of management’s focus on development and investment.
Figure 59: Bialdi Sea-based data benefits from the upgrading of smart driving technology Automobile operations: the company announced that it would stop fuel-type whole-car production from March 2022; in the case of new energy electric vehicles, the company's pure power plus plug-in dual-line drive, and the new model, new energy, will continue to be introduced
In addition, the company’s current model is subject to two price adjustments at q1, with an increase in the cost of basic cover batteries and a fall in subsidies, coupled with an increase in the share of high-priced car sales, resulting in an expected increase in the Māori rate of Biadi’s automobile business over 2021.
Mobile cellular components and assembly operations: due to weak industry demand, low productivity of companies, and expected low profit growth in public sector cellular components and assembly operations. Secondary charger batteries and photovoltaic operations: projected growth as company battery technology upgrades and output expands
The business grew slightly in 2022. We assumed a 5% increase in revenue in 2022-2024, a large increase in production and sales in 2022 for the new energy car of Biadi, and an increase in profitability for cars and related products. On the other hand, in 2022, we were affected by weak industry demand, cellular components and clusters.
In 2022, a large number of blast vehicles were introduced, with a significant increase in sales. Under the segment valuation method, the whole vehicle component was given: the company ' s entire business was divided into new energy commercial vehicles and passenger vehicles, the new energy electric vehicle was in a high-speed development phase and the profits were not yet stable, and therefore the company ' s new energy electric vehicle business was valued with ps.
The market sales rates for domestic car-w, pelican-w and Wall cars were 4.79, 3.93, 1.34 respectively, compared to the average company per 3.35, taking into account the rapid growth in corporate sales and the increase in intelligence, conservatively valued the company ' s 3.3-folders, and the company ' s new energy-car business camp in 2022.
Cars, whose wind consistent ps are 1.34, 1.17, thereby giving the company one times the market value of the battery component: the company's secondary battery, photovoltage and power cell components, which are valued only for the power cell because the second battery photovolt operation is not profitable. The company's “blade cell” is recognized by the industry.
The value of this part is significantly higher during the rapid expansion phase. In the long run, during the Ningde era, the market value of the Ningde era was $121.3 billion, the new energy of May 2022 was 11.4gwh, the company installed 4.2gwh, the second highest in the company.
The increase in the volume of external supplies is expected to yield a market value of one third in the Daninger era, corresponding to a market value of $41.3767 billion. Cellular components and assembly component: company-controlled shares of 65.76 per cent of Biadi electronics and company-owned electronics are at a steady development stage, hence the application of the pe valuation method, which, according to Wind, is consistently expected to be Biadi Electronics.
In 2022, the net return to the mother was 2,415 million yuan, pe 16.15, corresponding to the semiconductor portion of Biadi's market value: 72.3 per cent of the company's holdings in Biadi electronics, and the public department with limited Biadi semiconductor shares has entered the registration phase, which, if successful, would further enhance Biadi's market value.
The value of the Byadi semiconductor was 395 million yuan in 2021, corresponding to 57.117 billion yuan in market value.
There is an increase in competition in the entire car industry. New entrants, new models, and increased competition in the industry have led to fluctuations in the prices of raw materials. The cost of battery raw materials has risen, and sales of electric vehicles, the profits of the entire plant may have been less than expected.
There is a presumption that there is a real risk that this will not be achieved and that it will not be as high as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment