Mountain Gold International (000975.sz) -- semi-annual reviews. Mineral gold costs are further reduced. Medium- and long-term development goals are clear.
The company published the following: $6,505 million in revenue in the first half of the year, compared to +42.27 per cent in the previous half of the year; the realization of a net profit on maternity, with significant cost advantages and high profitability. With high resource endowments, and excellent management efficiency, the company’s QKK is highly cost-effective and profitable. In 2023, the company combined amortized the cost of the QK after amortization.
The company deployed new efficiency initiatives with significant cost-control effects, with the combined amortization of the gold at a 52-week maximum/minimum cost, with clear development objectives. In July 2023, Shandong gold officially gained corporate control.
During the new development phase, the company set a new strategic goal of achieving long-term tons, based on a resource-based, global layout. In 2024, the objective of the company was to produce no less than 8 tons of gold, 12 tons of mineral gold at the end of the 14th century and 28 tons of mineral gold at the end of the 15th century.
At the end of February this year, the company announced its intention to buy in cash all of the popular shares of Osino that had been issued and were in circulation, as well as the shares that were to be diluted. The main asset of Osino is the twinhills gold mine in Namibia, with a reserve of 66.86 tons and a resource of 99.21 tons.
In July of this year, the project began construction, open-air mining. According to the estimated average annual production of 5.04 tons of gold over the lifetime of a mine, the full maintenance cost is $1011 per ounce.
Silver-Thai gold (000975.sz) - low-cost, high-profit, on a new path to development - expands the risk of future gains.
The company’s performance in the first half of the year, which benefited from the rise in gold prices, was remarkable, with the company’s forecast of annual profits raised. Pre-equity prices are forecast to be 21/19/18 x. Given corporate resource endowments, excellent management, low cost, high profitability, there is much room for increasing gold production in the future as the resources dive.
Maintenance of a “better than the big market” rating. §24h1 achieved a net return profit of $1,075 million, a net cash flow of $2,042 million from +46.35 per cent of activities, a net cash flow of +34.15 per cent of activities.
Cost advantages and profitability are high. With high-quality resource endowments and good management efficiency, the company has a strong cost advantage and a higher profitability. In 2023, the company ' s combined amortization cost was $176.42/g, with a Māori rate of 60.76 per cent, well above the industry average; in the first half of 2024, the company ' s deployment was lower than average.
In July 2023, Shandong Gold formally gained corporate control, and the company was transformed from a private to a state-owned enterprise.
First, the global layout, with a long-term succession, seeks a second leap. In the first half of 2024, corporate mineral production, final mineral gold production, was targeted at 12 tons, and fifteenth year mineral gold production at 28 tons.
Figure 6: Net profits of subsidiaries (millions of dollars) Figure 7: Māori rates and net interest rates of companies Figure 8: Cost rates during the company period
In late February, the company announced its intention to buy 0sino tons in cash at a cost of $1.90 per share, with a resource of 99.21 tons, and to own the undundu gold mine, 130 km northwest of the Twinhills project, through its wholly-owned subsidiary in Canada.
Mining Certificate, completed in June, plans to launch the project in July 2024, open-air mining. According to the study, the average annual production of the mine is about 5.04 tons, at a full maintenance cost of $1011 per ounce.
The two sides have set 29 August 2024 as the completion date for the Handover Agreement, and the investment proposal: to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Benefiting from higher gold prices, companies performed well in the first half of the year, with low gold costs and high profitability; and, in the future, there will be much room for increasing gold production as resources dive.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, independence, objectivity, impartiality and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; and that the author has not studied them in the past, now or in the future.