Mountain International (000975.sz): Solid incremental. August 22, 2024.
Sankin International is one of the leading gold producers in China, covering areas such as gold exploration, mining and marketing.
Revenue from the base share was 0.387 dollars, an increase of 46.33 per cent over the same period. Global gold prices continued to rise, with four public gold mines and one lead, silver and silver, polymetal mine, where the efficiency of the integrated use of mineral resources was effectively increased during the same period, with the company ' s gross mineral value +11.37 pct to
Mid-Black Rock is a gold mine with a high ranking in the country, 71.89%, and the multi-factor resonance boosts the company’s performance on a larger scale.
The potential for increased mineral exploration in mines, in Qinghai, the Great Chaidan, and the prospects for exploration by the Yulong Corporation have been wide or high: as of 2024h1, the company ' s four gold mines and mining are currently the largest single country in the country in terms of mineral and silver content.
According to the Chinese Gold Association, 2023 square kilometres. According to the 23rd annual report, the company's current reserves are 156.78 tons of gold metal, and silver gold production from the company's annual gold production is on the public market in the country's gold mining industry.
Metal volume, 7856.9 tons, lead metal volume, 61.37 million tons, zinc metal volume, 128.36 million tons, and copper metal rank sixth in the Division, which is also a company with a high Māori rate in gold mines, achieving net profit across the country in 2023.
12.62 million tons. Considering that the Yu-Long mining site is located in the non-ferrous metal belt of the Great Spring and is fourth in the world ' s class of gold-ferrous gold-listed companies, Qinghai Zaydan is in the prime of the mining deposits (Silver, Copper, Lead, Zinc, Gold) and is located in the high price of gold on the beach in Qinghai Province.
There's a multi-personal anomaly in the vicinity of the non-ferrous metal mines and the two mining rights. (Looking for mineral potential, major issues for the next three to six months: big.) The Gilling Temple maintains a balance of exploration and resource retention stability, and the Black Rockstone gold mine is high.
The low-temperature hydrothermal gold mine was buried lightly and the company had taken 18.69km2 of prospecting rights on the outskirts of the Oriente gold mine for 23 years and had completed 6,127 drilling core samples. It is expected that the value of the company ' s mineral rights will remain significantly enhanced as exploration progresses and storage planning proceeds.
The company’s mineral metal volume continues to grow steadily: the company’s production of 24h1 mineral gold has increased to 4.16 tons, the sales ratio has risen to 106% and production ends have completed the planned annual target of 52%.
The increase in the price of spot gold reflects the effective optimization of corporate governance capabilities and the attributes of corporate growth in real tons and 5618.7 tons. From the point of view of the company’s actual operations in the first half of the year, the increase in the company’s mineral production was largely attributable to the optimization of the indicator processes, such as recovery rates, impoverishment rates, smelting recovery rates, equipment performance rates, etc., and resources.
The combined utilization rate has increased, while the lower costs of the Gilling Temple, the Rockkins River have further increased the profitability of the business, such as the net profits achieved in the first half of the Gilling Temple and the Qinghai Chai Chaidan, which increased by 114.2 per cent and 104.5 per cent, respectively.
Qinghai Natural Resources Department of Qinghai Province has been reviewed and is awaiting further approval, and we believe that Qinghai gold production will continue to increase on 23 years + 47.6 per cent (23 years + 47.6 per cent)
From the point of view of the forward output of the company's mineral deposits, the fact that the company's 24-year acquisition of Namibia's osino project will start production in 2026 and form an annual production of about 5.04 tons of mineral gold, and that the high probability that the company's other minerals will be produced will complete the company's 15-ton planning target, means that the company remains the best-growing mine in the country.
The company’s mineral Maori is showing sustained optimization: thanks to the rise in gold prices, the increase in mining efficiency and the decline in efficiency, new efficiency initiatives have been implemented, and the company’s mineral gold level continues to be optimized. 24h1 company’s mineral wealth is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
156.32/g continues to decline by 9.79/g) for gold enterprises with the best control over the cost of mining in the industry and 40.28%, and it is expected that, with the optimisation of the Yulong mineral ore selection and the increase in the amount of silver, lead, and zinc, Māori levels will continue to grow. Moreover, given the central role of gold prices,
In addition, corporate 24h1 rose to 14.88% (yellows).
Greater management of mining operations and profitability of companies. Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account that the traditional gold-based pure financial attribute pricing has been weakened, the commercial supply and demand attribute has clearly been strengthened, and the gold financial attribute determines price elasticity and the supply and demand attribute.
Price resilience. The supply of and demand for gold have entered a structural bias at the commodity price level, and prices will show a trend of volatility. Given the fermentation of gold hedges, liquidity premiums, and exchange rate premiums, the People’s Currency gold price is either at the center of $540/g.
The pace of progress is lower than expected, with the core clients of accounts receivable being at a higher risk.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Mountain Gold International (000975.sz): the solidity of the incremental mass has doubled, and the company's growth properties have risen substantially.
Financial derivatives research, investment, and team management experience. Former investment manager (cta) of the East Hing Asset Management Programme, and general manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Department. Second prize in the joint study of futures and futures of the China Financial Exchange (CIFE), and third prize in the joint study of futures; former contributor to Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal special contract, registered rights lecturer at the Shanghai Futures Exchange, China Financial Period
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.