The rise in the price of gold boosted performance and the cost continued to fall - 1,075 million yuan, or 46.35 per cent, of the net profit of the mother; 1,127 million yuan, or 2.18 tons of the same increase in the production of q2 gold, resulting in a decrease in the cost ring ratio.
10.1 per cent, sales of 2.13 tons, sales decline of 6.6 per cent, sales price of $557.35/g, ring increase of 14 per cent, ton, 50.1 per cent, sales price of $5.75/g, ring increase of 24 per cent, combined amortization cost 24q2 lead and zinc fine powder product sales and Māori increase, q2 trade camp captures
As a result of the increase, the combined Māori rate was almost equal to q1, and the negative return on q2 investment resulted in a net interest rate down by 3 pcts over q1. Gold acquisitions from overseas were about to be cut and resources globalized.
In February 2024, the company proposed to acquire 100 per cent of Namibia’s twinhills gold mine, opening up an overseas resource layout with an annual planned yield of 5 tons, and the company is expected to start production in 2026.
In mid-2024, it was reported that the company had completed the approval process relating to the filing of investments outside China, and that 29 August of that year had been set as the date for the completion of the Handover Agreement. East was turned into Shandong gold, transforming itself from a private to a State enterprise, and relying on Shandong Gold Group.
The company’s gold endowment is excellent, its gold is low, and its reserves are vast. In 2024, the company plans to produce no less than 8 tons of gold.
In 2023, he joined the Sindash securities. 2nd place in the 20th edition of the New Wealth Metals and New Materials (core member),
Securities, mainly in the areas of new materials and precious metals. Experience, two years of industrial experience in mining companies, formerly in the New Energy Group for Eastern Wealth Securities, with deep mining understanding and rich industrial resources, coupled with long-term and cyclical stock-selection thinking, mainly in areas such as industrial metals and new energy metals.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.