The company stated in its 2023 annual report that the production and operation plan for 2024 was no less than 8 tons of gold. q1 had 1.98 tons of mineral gold, q2 had 2.18 tons of mineral gold,
In the first half of the year, a total of 4.16 tons was produced and the production plan was completed. q1 sold 2.28 tons of mineral gold and q2 sold 2.13 tons of mineral gold.
The cost of mineral gold has improved significantly, and the cost advantage has been accentuated in 2024 q1, the cost of selling the company ' s mineral gold unit (after combined amortization) is RM/g and 0.27/g. We assume that the main reason for the decrease is the company ' s increase in q2.
With production, the mine may be selected for a higher grade, and the added-scale effect will increase further, and the return on investment will temporarily drag profits but will not be sustainable, and Shandong gold mining shares will be limited.
The company ' s return on its q2 investment in 2024 was $142 million, which in part affected the company ' s performance release, and we assume that this may be due to hedging, which, while temporarily affecting the company ' s profits, is not expected to be sustainable and the impact is expected to continue to decline in the future.
Overseas acquisitions are nearing completion, forward incremental space opens up, and companies are implementing a purchase plan for a Canadian mining company, osinoresourcescorp. This opens the first step in the internationalization of resources.
Gold Capacity, in line with the company’s strategic objectives. The company has now completed the relevant approval process for the recording of investments outside China and has been approved by Namibia’s Antimonopoly Competition Commission (nccc). To date, all approval procedures for this acquisition have been completed, with both parties having already approved 2024
The data used in the present report are based on information that we believe is now publicly available and that, through independent judgement and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity and fairness. The findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.