Mountain Gold International (000975.sz) Metal Materials Group
Quarterly company production of 2.18 tons of mineral gold, a slight increase in the ring ratio, and mineral gold sales 1. Silver-Thai gold company rating: Quantities of mineral gold for growth in performance, 2.13 tons, a slight decline in the ring ratio.
Growth. In the context of two-quarter gold ring increases and stable mineral gold sales. 2. Silver-Thai gold company rating: Quantified Quantities for Growth of Gold and Silver Profit, the company’s performance ring has increased. In addition, the cost of the company’s combined mineral gold amortization can be seen.
Out, the cost of the second quarter fell relative to the first quarter round, resulting in the first half of the year in mineral wool 3. Silver-Thai gold company rating: higher value for money than acquisition aid to increase production, and the loss of investment was a slight drag on performance. In the second quarter, companies realized an investment gain of $137 million.
In the first half of the year, the company launched an acquisition plan for the Canaa mining company, Osinoresourcescorp.
Through this acquisition, companies can quickly access high-quality resources, raise reserves of gold resources, and expect to deliver 5 tons per year of gold production capacity after delivery, in line with the strategic objectives of the public administration.
As of now, all approval procedures for this acquisition have been completed, and the parties have set 29 August 2024 as the completion date for the Handover Agreement.
The probability of monthly interest cuts is high, and international gold prices continue to rise in this context. In the recent period of appreciation of the renminbi, the gold has not yet reached the annual high. But, according to our calculations, the value of gold in the country’s gold stock is significantly lower than the current price, and the market is more expensive for gold prices and gold enterprises.
The lack of confidence has led to a restructuring of the domestic gold stock, which we believe is expected to be restored during the price-bringing of the gold in the context of interest reduction.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market