Goldfalls have been effective, opening up overseas mining M&As - Mountain Gold International (000975.sz) incident assessment report.
Quarterlyly, the q2 performance ring ratio increased significantly. q1 and q2 net return profit after deducting non-recurring gains and losses in 2024, respectively.
In the first half of 2024, the company produced 4.16 tons of mineral gold and sold 4.41 tons. Production achieved 52% of the annual planned target.
The cost of the combined dollar/gram amortization has been significantly reduced. The company’s cost of efficiency gains has been significant, and the cost of gold from the Jilin Tablet Temple and Black Rock has been reduced to varying degrees.
On the price side, in 2024, the average price of gold at the Shanghai gold crossing was $521/g, which was damaged in the same period, and the long-term capacity space 2023 - which was further enhanced by the average price of gold in July, which was already over $560/g high.
On 25 February 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company considered the adoption of the report on acquisitions.
The company intends to buy the Osinosourcescorp in cash through its wholly-owned subsidiary in Canada (hereinafter “buyer”) established by Hainan Trading Co. Ltd.
According to the company's announcement of 16 August 2024, all approval procedures for this acquisition have been completed and the parties have designated 29 August 2024 as the " Handover Agreement " , according to which the main mine assets under the Osino flag are located in Namibia.
The stock is estimated to be 64.5 million tons of ore, 1.04 g/t of gold and 66.86 tons of gold. According to the construction plan, the plant was designed to produce 5 million tons/year and the constructive capital expenditure was $365 million.
It is planned to produce 13 years, open-air mining. Full maintenance costs are US$ 1,011 per ounce.
1) The Fed failed to reduce interest rates as expected; 2) corporate gold and other mineral production slipped; 3) company gold mining costs rebounded significantly; 4) overseas mergers and acquisitions were unsuccessful, etc.
Chinese University of Hong Kong, Master of Science in colour and new materials research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having submitted specific proposals or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.