China Power (601669.sh) Dismantled its subsidiary, China Power New Energy Group Inc., to Shanghai Certificate
The same increase of 39.91 per cent is observed in the sub-operations, where the operating income from engineering contracting and surveying designs was $254.97 billion, or 8.66 per cent, or 90.99 per cent of the main business income.
Growth in the scale of traditional major industries such as engineering contracting and survey design, new energy sources and power engineering, etc.; electricity investment and operation generated 1.265 billion yuan, an increase of 2.33 per cent, mainly in the new energy sector
Upgraded, new energy investments and operations generated operating revenues of $5.037 billion, equivalent to $5.73 per cent, including new energy and electricity contracts of $34.5535 billion, a small increase in the Māori rate and greater profitability of new energy operations.
The combined Māori rate is 12.01%, an increase of 0.46 ptt for the same year. For the sub-business, the Māori rate for contracting and surveying design operations is 9.31% and the Māori rate for new energy investments and operations is 0.30 pt for the same year; The Māori rate for new energy investments and operations is 55.69%, an increase for the same year.
0.46 pct; other operations include, inter alia, the manufacture and lease of equipment, the development and sale of gravel, the trade in commodities and the sale of goods, the granting of concessions and the increased share of gross domestic royalties and Maori in services.
The company plans to split the new energy sub-company into the Shanghai Stock Exchange's main board. As of the date of the announcement, the company has direct and indirect control of the new power generation energy.
The share of the source shares totals 79.97%, and the share of the new energy holdings for electricity, which account for not less than 10% and not more than 25% of the total share since the release of the new energy sources.
The only platform for project development, investment, operation and management in 2022, with a current revenue of $8.395 billion and a net profit of $1.852 billion for the mother, contributed to the company's share of the company's profits in seizing the opportunity for high valuation of the new energy plate, building capital strength,
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.