Doppelganger beverages (605499) Food beverages.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2021, which generated $3.68 billion (+49.1%) in the first half of the year, and achieved a net return to the mother of $330 million (+16.1%), close to the forecast ceiling. At the same time, the company intends to drink large single items to all shareholders, and the sales model is adapted to the local context.
The main product, the main product, is a scientific mixture of sulfonic acid, lysine, and multi-b vitamins, forming a complete system of resistance to fatigue; currently, the city has the second largest share of energy drinks.2 According to the subregion, the Guangdong region, the outside region, and the direct camp sector have a business income of $1.65 billion.
Combining the marketing model with precision farming models in the middle core markets of Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong and China, enhancing the permeability of channels; other regions using large circulation models, making full use of the resources of distributors.
Product structure improvements add lower costs to raw materials and higher profitability. 1 Overall Māori ratio is 49.7 per cent, an increase of 3.2 pp compared to the previous year, driven by an increase in sales of 500 ml botts with a higher Māori ratio, leading to an increase in the overall Māori ratio. 2) Raw material polyester slices and white sugar purchase prices are falling. 3) Size effects
It should be noted that there is a decrease in the share of fixed costs.2 In terms of cost rates, 21.7 per cent of the cost of sales was increased by 3.4 per cent, compared with 3.4 per cent: 1) increased input into brand-building promotion activities: 2) increased availability of freezers and promotion of marketing channels: 3) increased incentive for salesmen ' s remuneration.
• Production bases will be built to ease production bottlenecks and multi-terrestrial plants will accelerate the process of nationalization. The company will build production bases in South China, Chongqing and Nanning, which are expected to produce 1.1 million tons of production capacity for about five years.
Qing Base helps to further meet the needs of the central and western markets and boost their share. 67 times, 51 times, 40 times. Considering that energy beverages are faster than other soft beverages, the Department is focused on fine-tuning the channels, steadily releasing the capacity, giving the company 80 times the size of 2021.
Dong Peng beverages were set up in 1994 and are mainly produced with lemon tea, lemon tea, Chen Pitt, and packaged drinking water.
The unique energy beverage market has taken its place in a differentiated fashion: since 2013, the company has launched a nationalization scheme: the Department now owns production bases such as Guangdong, Anhui and Guangxi, and the distribution network covers 1.79 million end-houses, with a market share second only to the Red Bull, becoming a national brand of energy beverages.
Figure 1: Corporate development history Equity structure: in 2003, companies introduced a system of change from state to private enterprises, transferring 100 per cent of their shareholdings to 20 natural persons, annual equity incentive schemes, middle- and upper-level technical cadres, running cadres through Far East Province, Far East to Far East, Far East to East Peng to East Peng, Tung Peng to China
The platform is engaged in a broad range of incentives to fully motivate its staff and contribute to the long-term development of the company.) The main business structure: 1) Sub-products, where company owners drink large single items, 2021h1 energy beverages achieve a steady increase in revenue earnings from 500ml gold bottles, and a high increase of 21h1 continues with the successful roll-out of 500ml gold bottles.
It has also been nurtured as a corporate core, with high growth in corporate earnings, with a combined annual average of 20.4 per cent and 40 per cent earnings from 2017-2020. The 2021h1 company has continued to develop full-source farming in the traditionally strong Guangdong region, with 39.5 per cent revenue growth in the Guangdong region; the traditional channels of the national market have been combined with the special/modern channels, and product marketing rates and coverage have been expanded.
Wideness has been rising, with the region outside the thong growing at a rate of 60.3 per cent; the company as a whole has achieved revenues of $3.68 billion, an increase of 49.1 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $680 million, an increase of 53.1 per cent over the same period; the product structure has improved by adding down the cost of raw materials and the overall profitability has been re-innovated.
49.7 per cent, or an increase of 3.2 pp in the same year, mainly as a result of: 1) the continued release of 500 ml bottles with a higher Māori rate and an increase in sales, leading to an increase in the overall Māori ratio of the company; 2) lower prices for polyester slices and white sugar purchases, leading to lower costs for raw materials. The scale effect is gradually emerging and the share of fixed costs is declining. 2 and 76 increase by 3.4 pp in the cost of sales, mainly due to:
1) Increased investment in branding and promotion activities: 2) Increased use of freezers and promotion of marketing channels: 3) Increased pay incentives for sales personnel. Management costs, R & D costs, financial costs of 3.6%, 0.6%, -0.1% respectively.
In comparison with other soft beverage groups, energy beverages are growing at an average rate of 15% in 2014-2019, ranking first in the soft beverage industry. The energy beverage track continues to grow significantly as the consumption levels of our population increase, the consumption of energy beverages expands, and consumers increase their acceptance of energy beverages.
The company has promoted 500 ml gold bottles since 2018, which avoid direct competition with red cows and are better suited to the main consumption groups of energy beverages such as blue collars, drivers, couriers. In 2020, the 500 ml gold bottles received $3.09 billion.
In addition, the cost of the 500ml gold bottle packaging is lower, the Māori rate is ahead of the energy beverages and the revenue share is higher than the overall profitability of the company.
The distribution model is adapted to the local context and the network of channels is well developed. The company's sales model is mainly distribution, direct and online, with 2002 distributors dominated by distribution models, covering 1.79 million end-user shops in the country up to the end of 2021h1. The needle is based on a combination of “channel tillage + big circulation” in Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong, and China.
In addition, companies actively explore new outlets, such as retailing, and invest in building a platform for the “Pang Tsing Clouds” to lay the foundation for long-term development. 1) Energy beverages are corporate-led products, and as the company channels deepen the traditional niche markets in the province and actively expand out-of-town markets.
The non-energy beverages are expected to grow faster as companies introduce new non-energy beverages, such as lemon tea, Chen Pitt drinks, which have a higher unit price than cold tea. The non-energy beverages are expected to rise. The non-energy beverage revenues are expected to rise in 2021-2023.
3) Companies are investing in marketing network upgrading and brand promotion projects, improving marketing networks and channels, increasing branding, selecting the flagship farmers' springs of soft beverages industry and the 100% share of the big one-size-fits-all model, which is a comparable valuation, with an average of 71 times, 50 times, and 38 times higher than the other soft ones in 2021-2023.
Beverages, while at the same time focusing on the fine-tuning of channels and the steady release of productive capacity to companies in 2021 80 times greater, correspond to table 2: Nationalization valuation of comparable companies less than expected; increased competition in the market; and food safety risks.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.