On the 05th of September 2019, the wind was strong, and the giants sailed again.
According to ihsmarkit, the company's share in the global video surveillance market was 12% in 2017, and the Federation of Industries was the second largest worldwide in a row. According to the Chinese Security Association, the Internal Security Market Regulations 2017.
According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the global security market in 2018 was about the size of a distribution network and business coverage, with sustained growth in the future. The Māori rate has recovered steadily, pursuing high-quality growth.
Yes: weak overseas macroeconomics and trade frictions; domestic channels affected by macroeconomics, companies offered to give up some of their risky clients and businesses. During the first half of 2019, the collection structure continued to optimize, with the Māori rate rising by 3.85 per cent to 40.37 per cent, as compared with the previous year.
The company invests about 10 per cent of its annual revenues into the area of research and development, has established five institutes of advanced technology, central, big data, chips, and cybersecurity, and has a large reserve of ai, cloud computing and big data, and has been able to build up a number of research and development projects.
For future-oriented technologies such as chips, machine vision, robotics. Based on the Great Hoc structure, the Department has launched a holistic solution at the city level, industry level, and consumption level, targeting both city- and industry-level customers.
Households, through a deeper design of landscape needs in the fields of smart cities, smart policing, intelligent transportation, and so on, create rich and fine-tuned solutions for micro-enterprises and individual consumers, with the orange cloud as their core, building a three-dimensional business ecology, and a combination of home-based, shop-based applications.
As policies such as snowwork continue to advance, as well as the continued presence of ai in the field of security and demand, Chen Tunan continues to grow. The company continues to improve its channels and supply chain, optimizing its product structure, and the Māori rate is expected to continue.
Macroeconomic weakness has led to less than anticipated demand release, less than expected policy landings, such as snowwork, less than expected expansion of overseas markets, risks to the supply of core parts, increased competition in the industry, etc.
Dahua shares, all known as Zhejiang Tech Co. Ltd., are the leading global provider and operator of video-centric smart couple solutions, based on technological innovation, providing end-to-end video surveillance solutions, systems and services to city-level, business-level and individual consumer customers.
The company ranked second in the global cctv&V market according to the ihs2018 report. Based on video business, the company continues to explore emerging business, extending machine vision, videoconferencing systems, professional drones, smart fire protection, electronic cars.
1.1 Company performance reviews that, after years of rapid growth, the company has grown from a normal security firm to today's global security giants.
Business income cagr amounted to 40.99 per cent in 2010-2018, net lost profit cagr amounted to 32.89 per cent and growth interest rate was 40.37 per cent, an increase of 3.85 percentage points over the same period last year, resulting in a net return profit of 1,239 million yuan, a common weakness and trade friction; domestic channels were affected by macroeconomic effects, and companies offered to give up some of their risky customers and industries
Figure 2: Business income is 9.26%. Business recovery in Māori rates is mainly driven by refined management by credit companies, including: good product structure.
In 2016 and prior years, companies classified their products into four categories: back-end video products, front-end video products,
Remote image monitoring, other products. The company started with equipment such as dvr at the back end, with a relatively large initial back-end business, accounting for 69.09% of security sector revenue in 2010, and with the rapid growth of the front-end market, the company actively developed front-end business. By 2016, the front-end video product had reached $6,522 billion, accounting for the total battalion.
In the first half of 2019, the solution reached $5,626 million in revenue, which is estimated to have been reduced to 48,92 per cent, compared to 81.20 per cent for audio-visual products from 2010 to 2016.In 2017, in order to give a clearer and more visible picture of development direction and business model, the company adjusted its operations to: solutions, products, and others.
The transformation solution is the current trend in the video surveillance industry, with company solutions collecting 35.92% of cagr between 2016 and 2018, higher than 32.77% of product collections, reflecting the firm's commitment to move from a product supplier to a “lead product provider and solution service provider.” Solutions can be public compared to products.
With more added value, the Division’s rising ratio of solutions is expected to lead to a sustained increase in corporate Maori rates. Net cash flows have improved considerably over the past two years, with companies continuing to drive business process changes in ltc in 2019, increasing their efforts to manage receivables, and achieving sales returns of $10,826 million in the first half of the year, an increase of $1,632 million.
As the quality of corporate returns improves, operating assets move faster, operating cash flows continue to improve, and the company’s ability to control financial risks improves. In R & D, the company’s focus on R & D innovation is as much as in the past, investing around 10% of its annual revenues in R & D.
In the first half of 2019, the company continued to increase its research and development investment in future-oriented core technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data, chips, machine vision, and robotics, amounting to $1,245 million, nearly double the 2014 level. The company implemented comprehensive budget management, enhanced cost-accurate input, and was running a business.
Figure 11: Changes in cost rates, based on the company ' s mid-2019 disclosure update, currently the company actually controls Foley Springs and Ling Chen.
Foley Springs is the company’s main founder, the current president of the company, with a shareholding ratio of 36.10%, and Chen El-ling’s share ratio is 2.38%, and the two owners together hold 38.48% of the company’s shares. The second largest shareholder of the company is another major founder, Chu Jiang Minh, who currently holds a share ratio of 6.22%, Vice-Chairman Wu’s share ratio is 2.31%, and the third is the company’s third.
The stockholding scheme holds 0.88% of the shares. The company’s stable shareholder structure, which guarantees the firm’s sound operation and continued strategic progress, provides a good environment for further innovation.
The companies included in the consolidated statements are 94 from Zhejiang Dahua Systems Engineering Ltd., Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co. Ltd., Zhejiang Daehua Think United Co. Ltd. and 12 from Taihua Security Services Ltd., Ningpo, Dahua State Security Services Ltd.
1.3 The management team is stable, the escort company is growing, the executive team is stable, the founder Foley Springs has been Chairman of the company since the market, the co-founder, Jujiang Ming has been in the company's senior positions (in different years), and Oh Kin has been on the company's board of directors.
Secretary, Wei Mei-Cong, who has been the corporate finance director, and Chen El-Ling, who has been the company director. The core team is stable, and fresh blood is constantly being introduced, including President Li Ko, Vice President Zhang Xingming and so on, to continuously enhance the company's capabilities and to protect the company's development.
In May 2017, Lee Coe joined the company as its president. Li Co, born in 1972, Master of Engineering, University of Electric Technology, 21 years of work experience with the company in China, led China in South America by research and development engineers, managing directors of product solutions, vice-presidents of marketing, and vice-presidents of the South American region.
Over 40% of the area has won the first hundreds of millions of dollars in Brazilian tax litigation in history, and overseas markets have had a great deal of experience. We believe that China has grown into a global giant in the ict field, is in a position of leadership in a number of sub-divisions, such as communications equipment, mobile phones, etc., and has a unique set behind its rapid growth.
Management concepts, especially the unique systems of process management and organizational management, are expected to build on the advanced Chinese experience, improve operational efficiency, enhance R & D power, and increase market share. According to the semi-annual report of 2019, companies continue to undertake systematic management changes through core operations such as ltc, ipd, asd, and astr.
Process change projects to upgrade internal management and operational efficiency, achieve end-to-end process connectivity and lay the foundation for subsequent high-quality development. 1.4 Equity incentives and dividends
So far, the company has carried out three stock incentives. In September 2018, the company released its latest Restricted Stock Incentives Plan 2018, the first restricted stock to be awarded, and the three unlocked periods had to be compared to the one year before the release point.
The compound revenue growth rate of no less than 23 per cent in the year prior to that date, which was attributed to the company's general equity units, fully motivated to mobilize core staff, attract and retain talent, ensure management and core team stability and provide strong support to companies in achieving strategic objectives and long-term sustainable development.
The company has maintained a tradition of annual cash transfers since its listing in 2008, with 11 dividends, cumulative, 2. Good leverage, global 2.1 global security demand growth, and industry growth space.
Global security markets are large, expanding as the international situation changes and public demand for security continues to rise. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the global security market was about $27.58 billion in 2018, an increase of 7.32 per cent compared to the previous year, reaching $352.6 billion in 2022, and 2017-2022.
The annual a&s “Global Defence 50” is one of the most authoritative rankings of the global security industry, ranking mainly on the basis of sales by security manufacturers, and is an important reference for assessing the strength and position of security firms in the global market. In 2018, Heiconway and Dahua shares were divided into the first and second shares of the world.
China is currently one of the world's most important security markets. Starting with Project 3111 in 2005, our country has begun to design a top-level strategy for national security and social stability.
At this stage, China is in a process of rapid urbanization, with growing demand for infrastructure and upgrading in the areas of transport, finance, education, etc., as policies such as snow engineering, smart cities, and safe cities continue to fall.
According to data from China’s Safety and Security Industry Association, the domestic security market has grown from 235 billion yuan in 2010 to 490 billion yuan in 2015, with Cagr reaching 16% and 600 billion yuan in 2017.
According to the SNSA, by 2020, the domestic security market will be about $800 billion in size, and the value added will be around $250 billion during the 13th and 5th years, with the value added of more than 10%. During the 12th and 5th years, the security effort will focus on safe cities, the Skynet project, and mainly on the provincial and municipal levels.
In September 2015, nine ministries, such as the National Development and Innovation Commission, jointly published the "Applications for Networking the Construction of Video Surveillance for Public Security " , and the Snowlight project began to spread throughout the country.
The consolidation and extension of the Skynet project, the full coverage of video surveillance, and the continuation of the construction of the national security system. In 2018 and 2019, the Snowlight Project was written twice in Central Document, which amply demonstrates the Government’s high priority on the construction of the snowwork process and also means that the construction of a safe village will accelerate further.
All provincial units and 353 local and municipal units have been connected to the public security video resources, and the construction of the snow and light project has progressed at about half.
In the year of the six-level public security video surveillance network of states, allies, counties (municipalities, districts, flags), townships (streets), villages (communities), the national public security visual surveillance network application should be essentially “global coverage, all-network sharing, full-time availability, all-round control”.
In general, the equipment procured is divided into three main components: first, the front end camera.
Equipment and monitoring network construction; second, a storage support platform for backend image video information; and third, an integrated screen monitoring and management centre for video applications.
In 2018, the construction of the snowworks opened up, and the snowworks covered a larger and larger area than the City of Peace, bringing a new blue sea market for security development. According to itts114, the winning finance for the snowworks has continued to grow since the 2015 rollout, with q1 winnings in 2019 amounting to $2,402 million and q1 winning in 2019.
According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, there are over 660 cities and nearly 3,000 counties in China, and if the snowworks are built gradually and completely in these places, conservative estimates will create a 30-50 billion yuan/year incremental market.
With NAN data, almost half of the country's snowworks are now in place, and to ensure that by 2020 the goal of “global coverage, all-web sharing, full-time availability, all-round control” will be achieved, the other half will have to be completed within the next two years and will need to accelerate release.
According to the first quarter of 2019 tender for the snowlight project, which was organized by the Chinese Defence Industry Network, there were 120 tenders from all over the country, totalling more than $6.15 billion. 2.2 After many years of construction in the country, penetration rates remain low.
The monthly report states that the global video surveillance market is in a period of strong growth, with 2019 professional video surveillance worldwide, which is expected to grow by 9.3 per cent, especially in China, where the market for video surveillance has been growing rapidly. In 2018, China ' s market for specialized video surveillance equipment has already accounted for 45 per cent of the global market ' s share. In the past year, the Chinese market has grown.
13.5 per cent, mainly the continued progress of the Snowlight Project and the accelerated construction of safe cities, smart traffic, etc. Video surveillance extended to more regions, including the grass-roots and less developed regions, leading to the continued development of the domestic video surveillance market, which, according to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, is expected to reach its market size in 2020.
With 1558 billion yuan, we are expected to make a breakthrough of 190 billion yuan in 2023, using the amount of video surveillance per 1,000 population as an indicator, compared to the developed countries, and a significant gap between the United States and the United Kingdom in 2016, according to the data of the Institute of Intellectual Research, for 96 per thousand people and 75 per 1,000 in 2016.
In the same period, we had the highest density of 59 cameras in Beijing, 80% of the United Kingdom average, and 60% of the United States. In the top 10 cities, the average number of cameras per capita in the country was 35, or 36.5% of the United States.
Head density is well below 10 per thousand. With the help of snowwork, the City of Peace, domestic video surveillance will extend and cover more areas, and the number of cameras per capita in the country will still have better room to grow.
The video surveillance industry highlights the Matthews effect, and companies are the second-largest in the world. The ihsmarkit year, July 2018, is statistically based, with 12% of the market share of global video surveillance products.
For overseas markets, firms gradually upgrade the business dynamics of localizing their overseas affiliates, improve the management system of overseas channels, upgrade supply chain management capacity, continuously optimize collection structures, and expand through technological innovation, nurturing international marketing teams, building local marketing and service centres.
By the end of 2018, the company had a global marketing and service network with over 200 offices in 32 provinces and cities, 54 branches abroad, and products and solutions had reached nearly 180 countries worldwide.
And regional and European supply chain centres have been set up to provide fast-end-to-end, high-quality services to clients. From 2004, the company developed a “go-out” strategy, began to expand overseas markets and achieved impressive performances of billions of yuan, accounting for 34.41% of the total, an 8.14% increase.
The impact of the changes has been significant across regions, with regions such as the Middle East, North Africa, South-East Asia, and the Russian-speaking region maintaining high growth rates, and North America, India, among others, experiencing a decline in growth rates. The long-term growth space is larger than the domestic level as firms build up their overseas channels and project-oriented markets.
From a regional perspective, video surveillance markets in the North American region and some developed countries in Europe as a whole have matured, and the main growth point in the future lies in upgrading replacements and household demand. As the “one-way” strategy is being developed and advanced, demand in the Asia-Pacific region, particularly in India and South-East Asia, is expanding and is likely to grow in the future.
The fastest-growing regions. According to the market research agency Technavio, the Asia-Pacific video surveillance city in 2015 will be about $5.43 billion, the market size will reach $18.06 billion by 2020, and cagr 3.1 by 2015-2020 will take advantage of core technology to promote intelligent products.
Benefiting from the rapid maturity of the i machine visual technology, the security industry is moving in the direction of intelligence, with the use of the ai technique for pre-emptive and in-the-counter identification, not only significantly reducing human costs but also increasing efficiency, with the number of local al+ security projects increasing in recent years.
With the further integration of ai technology and video surveillance, market demand will no longer be confined to traditional security, but will extend to areas such as health, retailing, education, finance and automobiles, opening up wider market space, monitoring camera intelligence into mainstream trends.
As the policies of the City of Peace, the City of Wisdom, and the Snowlight Project continue. Domestic surveillance cameras have spread across the streets and alleys. But according to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries in 2018, there are currently about 50 million cameras in China per year, but only about half a million smart cameras are in use, a rate of only 1%, and our intelligence is in the process of doing so.
The company is active in research and development innovation, investing about 10% of its sales income each year in research and development, always at the forefront of industrial technological development and meeting the changing needs of its clients. The company has a national postdoctoral workstation, which is the state.
The Enterprise Technology Centre, the National Innovative Pilot Enterprise, with five institutes of advanced technology, central, big data, chips, and cybersecurity, was identified, followed by joint laboratories with ul, sgs, etc.
Industrialized process-wide systems to ensure the practical application of ai technology and to accelerate the landing of ai products and solutions at the same time as industry-led technology levels are maintained. Figure 30: Corporate core technology - ai capacity
The company has built super-large computing centres and data centres for algorithm training, focusing on and commercializing multi-area algorithms, and has developed core competitiveness. In 2017, the company gained the first international competition: 2d vehicle target testing, mot tracking, pedestrian weighting, etc.
In 2019, the first of more than 10 competitions was achieved in the international contest on the division of targets and the semantic division of images. Figure 31: Participation of companies in the semantic division of competitions
Another core technology of the company is cloud and big data capabilities, the creation of a single shared infrastructure resource pool, the integrated deployment and coordinated deployment of resources, the purpose of resource pooling, in-depth industry business scenarios, enabling solutions, and the creation of a networked architecture for intelligent applications.
At the same time, the company also has the leading network-wide synergy and openness. The company provides system-wide solutions such as end, edge, cloud equipment, cloud service platforms, ai service software, and saas applications, while supporting open access to partners, building ecological systems, and maximizing the synergies of full network computing capabilities.
Using these core technologies, companies target their customers’ needs at the front end, storage, center, etc., innovation and downside smart products. Currently, the company’s core products and services cover front-end products, storage products, central products, clouds, computing and big data products and services, smart building products, artificial intelligence algorithms, chip technology and video connections.
In 2018, the company's front-end product series was further enriched, new technologies were more mature in combination with products, and cameras for multiple applications of smart algorithms and new technologies were introduced.
Measuring, multi-circuit high-resolution video integration, bi-vision integration, bi-diametric depth analysis, thermal imaging and visual integration are among the first technologies to be used in products to achieve intelligent monitoring and multi-dimensional perception in multiple scenarios.
The company actively promotes product upgrading solutions. Upgrading from a single product to a solution can bring more profits and market space to the company, as demonstrated by the company's Māori performance over the last two years.
In addition, solutions that require firms to integrate multiple products and services and address customer-system-level problems, which require a high degree of enterprise capacity and product-line enrichment, would result in industry barriers that are significantly higher than once a single product and service, and would be competitively more advantageous for large producers.
Through an in-depth understanding of the market and customer needs, based on the “beautiful hoc” structure, supported by “blindness, intelligence, full computing, full ecology”, a series of city-level and industry-level clients, company-to-smart cities, intelligence policing, intelligence management, intelligent transportation, intelligence was launched.
Innovative solutions such as finance, smart justice, intelligent communities, intelligent parks, intelligent retailing, intelligent fire protection, etc., need to be further designed to create rich and fine-tuned landscape solutions, while actively expanding innovative solutions such as incubating emergency command, intelligence manufacturing, etc., for micro-enterprises and individual consumers, with orange clouds at their core.
The three-pronged business ecology, a combination of home-based, shop-based applications, open-air cloud capabilities, and more intelligent, accessible and secure solutions for end-users and partners.
To promote the expansion, innovation, and replication of high-value solutions around client settings and business pain points. By tailoring software to build customized programs that can really create value for customers, to continue to strengthen listing management and pipeline construction after publication, and to optimize sustainable solutions.
3.2.1 Urban-level solutions Governments are the largest clients of the domestic security sector, after many years of market and technology accumulation, corporate products and solutions that can cover a variety of government landscape applications.
Public safety investment continues to grow, while policies such as the City of Peace, the Snowlight Project, the City of Smartness continue to advance, public security information is well under way, and the city-level business market has a larger new urban smart architecture, a platform that combines business and data generation.
Deep-farming urban-level business markets, innovatively presenting the new urban intelligent architecture of the Great China Hoc, with a holistic framework of “one platform, two centres, N-based industry applications”, focusing on the closing of the data value chain, emphasizing the new value generated by data mining, and focusing on the strong integration of platforms and operations with the goal of “good governance, business and good people”.
Together with industry-wide eco-circle partners, provide structured and intelligent urban solutions and operational services that contribute to the digital transformation of cities and sustainable development.
Business modelling, data modelling, closing of data values, and data for operations. Operations management centres: provide integrated regulatory, auxiliary decision-making and emergency command services to city managers, build complete city cockpit models, centralize resource mobilization, and function efficiently as the brain of government management and services.
Safety Centers: Stereotypical protection from multiple levels of end security, network security, data security, moving network security from passive to active protection, and escorting intelligent cities.
3.2.2 Industry-level solutions Based on municipal-level operations, companies reach out to industry users to understand the pain points and work together in depth to develop industry-based solutions that meet individualized needs in the segmented market
So far, the company has provided solutions in more than a dozen subsectors, such as intelligence policing, intelligence management, and intelligent transport, to help the industry develop. In the year, it was largely a traffic power, joining the world’s traffic power; from 2035 to mid-century, it fought.
In this context, intelligent transport has become a major area of information-building, with technological innovation to improve the quality and efficiency of the services provided by the transport industry as a matter of urgency. The transport industry has been left empty by a combination of strategies and the application of new technologies, such as ai, 5g, car connections, and cloud computing.
There is a greater demand for expansionary and intelligent transport sector solutions. Corporate solutions integrate marginal sensing products, provide more valuable structured data, connect upstream and downstream business partners through cloud platforms, provide a variety of scenario applications, and create an advanced and practical networked business ecology.
Using intelligent communities as examples, corporate solutions focus on community smart management design, human face-to-face, multi-system depth integration, further information-sharing and convergence among systems and intelligent applications, safe living environments for owners, and easy access.
3.2.3 Consumer-level solutions. Orange is oriented towards consumer-level business, which forms an important hoc strategic map. The company uses the orange cloud as its core, building smart hardware, smart technology, video-column “triple” business ecology, introducing home-care, home-entry security, business.
Application programmes such as safety management, which provide families, shops, micro-enterprises with a combination of smart objects around the user landscape, while opening up cloud capabilities, enable third-party developers to develop a richer landscape application service that provides easy, user-friendly, safe and customized services to end-users and partners, and co-build smart objects networking ecology.
Since the creation of the brand in 2014, around the civil security field, it has launched smart Internet cameras, smart locks, robots, and wireless sensors. The company has launched the "1+n+x" solution, an orange cloud platform, an "n" scenario, enabling third parties to develop more x.
Class applications, centred on Lemon Cloud platform, smart analysis based on General Assembly data, have gradually built open access to the networked biosphere. In 2018, Orange released a multiplicity of home and commercial products combining artificial intelligence technology, including human face-testing cameras, sound-and-light surveillance cameras, Poe cameras series, wireless nvr, fire alarms.
According to China’s White Paper on Home-based Industrial Development, China’s Market in 2018 was the second largest market in the world, after the US.
At the same time, the U.S. has a 32% penetration rate for smart households, compared to 4.9% for the same period, and the market has a huge potential demand. In terms of the structure of smart household goods, the market share of household security ranges from Bida to 28%, it ranks first among all classes, and the need for family security is stronger.
The US dollar is expected to rise rapidly to US$ 78.2 billion by 2022, up to 35.06% for cagr. According to the domestic market, the size of China’s smart-house market in 2017 was approximately US$ 6,532 million, and in 2012-2017, up to 38.87% of the cagr, which is in a fast-growing phase, and will continue to grow in the future.
The security sector is currently the fastest-growing and market-rich area of artificial intelligence, attracting large players from other industries and new algorithms in recent years to actively deploy the smart security industry. The typical domestic manufacturers are: Hua, Ali, Tseng, 100%, and the traditional security companies, represented by commercial soup technology.
In the medium-to-long term, the market space in the security sector will be significantly expanded by intelligence, and the major manufacturers are expected to seek different and competing ideas that are suited to their own development. We believe that traditional security providers and new entrants have advantages. In the short term, there is a certain threat to traditional security providers, but not yet, "You die."
It's smart security: building smart security solutions in combination with multidisciplinary advantages, gradually affecting industry patterns. It's smart security that binds pearls in the fields of computing, connection, storage, cloudization, intelligence, etc.
On August 8, 2019, at the launch of the Smart Security Strategy, "Seeing the Future in the Hollows, Foresight" China was released on August 8, 2019.
China has launched its new smart security brand, huawaeiholosens, and its first smart video cloud platform, based on
On August 23, 2019, China officially launched the ai processor ascend 910 at its headquarters in Shenzhen.
The next round of release means that 910 has entered the commercial phase. At the same time, China has been simultaneously and in a targeted fashion to launch the full-scale scenarioai computing framework Mindspore, and since then, China has been a part of the major groups of the full-scale scenarioai solution, and it has entered a new phase in the implementation of the strategy.
Alibaba: Access to technology from all sources, and active deployment of smart security. Alibaba acquired 15% of technology from all over the world in May of this year, with 3.595 billion yuan, smart traffic and security, and Alibaba as the second largest share of technology from all over the world.
East is already at the heart of the defense industry. The technology of all kinds and its visuals are well placed in the fields of smart transport and security, and it can be an important vehicle for the brain and the calculus of Aliun city, helping Ali to make a step towards filling his own short board.
The city’s brain optimizes the public resources of cities using the full amount of urban data in real time, corrects city failures in a timely manner, and achieves a triple breakthrough in urban governance patterns, service models, and industrial development.
The operation in this area is focused on three main areas: the tweak map, the tweak safety joint laboratory and the tweaking cloud.
Fraud: Tung Tsun has introduced smart security surveillance solutions. 100 degrees: use human face recognition technology to cut into the field of security. 100 degrees ago, civilian security products were introduced in 2014 and are now being deployed to secure ani scene, which includes human face recognition techniques, which can be used.
A static library, a dynamic video stream of people's faces are identified precisely, integrating human face tracking and capture, real-time layout, large-scale human face retrieval and matching, and providing complete, easy-to-use, system-based solutions. It can also provide comprehensive layout of public sites, real-time monitoring, and be flexible enough to match multiple human face tracking, specific area layout, specific
Face alerts, etc., figure 51: 100-degree-faced nuclear body solutions. A large number of algorithm-based start-up businesses enter the field of security and compete for the security cakes of the 'a' era. Current, based on in-depth learning.
As demand continues to grow, new applications have emerged, and new products have become more popular, and the survey of the defense industry in China reported that the market for al+Avvv hardware in 2018 reached 13.5 billion yuan, compared with the increase.
Nearly 250% of the total market share of computer visual enterprises, represented by the ai Four Dragons, itoTechnology, ItoTechnology, and Clouds from Science and Technology, is 69.4%.
The leading artificial intelligence technologies, including: face recognition, image recognition, text recognition, medical image recognition, visual frequency analysis, unmanned and remote sensing, have become the leading arithmetic provider in Asia. In the area of smart security, the city-level super-distributed video analysis platform, Sensefounddry, has been launched.
Putting on a platform to build the "ai+security" matrix, which is centred on the commercial soup original depth learning algorithm, using soa and micro-service architecture design to support face recognition and analysis, which supports real-time blacklist layouts, track restorations, etc. for upper-level applications. Positioning at 100,000-speed viewing sources, hundreds of billions of unstructured features and structures
An open visual enabling platform for integrating information processing and analysis. Figure 53: Sensefoundry Ark City Open Visual Platform - Product Advantages
Together with the inter-agency issues, a solution to the problem of urban public security covering multiple scenarios has been put in place to integrate data values into the landscapes of various industries, such as Ping-Ain cities, urban residents, commercial applications, etc. Currently, the Ito-intellectual security system has served nearly 30 provincial offices, more than 270 local and municipal public security systems, customs border controls, and hundreds of parks throughout the country.
Businesses such as Zones. Spaced technology: The first global third-party face identification platform with user-friendly identification services ranging from end-to-end to cloud-to-end. Facaid contains client end-to-end live-tests sdk,
Face-to-face verification, forensic validation, multiple data cross-checking, etc., at the end of the face-to-face version of Facaid, which handles an average of 2.4 million requests per day, has grown into the world’s largest third-party real-name validation platform.
A system of end-to-end digital solutions that covers business processes and helps city managers to construct new intelligent urban management closed-ring systems that include “front-end perception, cloud-end diagnosis, end-use applications”.
Clouds from Science and Technology: In the field of security, the cloud has introduced al+-like big data solutions, intelligent communities have population solutions, smart park security solutions, etc. In this, al+-like big data solutions integrate accessors, face grabs, witness devices, human face locks, etc., all kinds of front-end sensing devices. By covering urban public areas.
These include: communities, parks, cybercafés, hotels, stations, etc., to achieve a broad sense of front-end data, to integrate applications, video monitoring platforms and other business systems that have been built for human images, to achieve data sharing, business linkages, to establish a little search for the full web response, and a little layout for the operational applications of the full web alert.
The company is the leading global provider and service provider of video-centred intelligentty solutions. In 2017, the company ' s annual report adjusted the classification of products to: solutions, products, and others.
This would provide a clearer picture of the future direction of the company, a more intuitive image of its business model, and a more accurate reflection of the results of its business. Solution: In recent years, the company has been fully engaged in transforming its solutions around the building needs of the landscape, based on “Great China.”
The hoc architecture, supported by the ability to be “all-know, all-intelligent, all-calculation, all-economy”, builds integrated solutions at the city, industry, and consumer levels, creating points for urban operations, business management, individual consumers. As the policies of snowwork, safe cities, intelligent transportation, etc., continue, the domestic security needs will continue.
Voluntarily, the company has stepped up its efforts to promote solutions, and we're predicting an increase in the efficiency of the Division's product structure over the next three years, a gradual improvement in the channels and supply chain management system, a steady recovery in the Māori rate, with a 44.11 per cent Māori ratio for the H1 solution in 2019, which is a good test for the next three years.
2. Products: The company will promote the location of artificial intelligence technology in a comprehensive manner, achieve a process of full product intelligence, and target client demand innovation and landing intelligence products at the front end, storage, centre, etc.
With 37.10 per cent and 28.57 per cent of income growth, while core corporate technology drives innovative products to land and yields will continue to grow. Given the pace of growth over the past two years, we expect to maintain a 40.20 per cent Māori rate for 24 per cent of h1 products over the next three years, as the share of high Māori products, such as smartness, continues to rise.
We predict that the Māori ratio of products will be maintained over the next three years in nationally listed companies, such as Heiconway, Trans-Technology, Chidu Technologies, and Koda Sioux, which are the same or close to the industry that the company is in, so we've chosen these four companies as comparable companies.
In terms of value, the stockholdings in China are significantly lower than the average of comparable companies, and we believe that this is due mainly to a combination of factors such as the position of the public sector, the efficiency of internal regulation, changes in the pattern of competition in the industry, and the expectations of market pessimism. We believe that companies currently operate through core operations such as ltc, ipd, asd and astr.
The process change project, which continuously upgrades the level of internal management and operational efficiency, achieves end-to-end process connectivity, pursues high-quality growth and is expected to gradually improve business indicators such as Māori, operating cash flows, receivables, etc.
According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the global security market size will reach 6.5% in 2017-2022, and is still in a faster growth cycle. According to the SNSA, the domestic security market will reach around $800 billion by 2020, with more than 10% of the cagr during the 13th Five-Year Period, accompanied by continued policies such as snowwork.
Momentum, and growing domestic demand in the field of security. The company continues to improve its channel management system, upgrade its supply chain management capacity, continuously optimize its collection structure, a steady recovery in the Māori rate, an era of high-quality growth.
Policies, such as snowwork, are not as fast as expected. Overseas operations are not expanding as expected, owing to factors such as the political and economic environment and exchange rate fluctuations.
Trade frictions can adversely affect the supply of core parts and components of companies. 5. High-tech companies such as China and various entrepreneurial companies are constantly entering the intelligent security industry, where competition and drama can pose a certain threat to companies.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.