In the first half of the year, there was a significant loss, and the second quarter of the Civil Aviation Recovery Fund withheld remittances, which was reported in mid-2023 by the Chinese State Airlines. In the first half of 2023, the company generated 59.61 billion dollars in operating revenue, which was higher than in the first half of the year.
In the first half of 2023, civil aviation resumed with a good trend towards completion of the company's merger of the mountain, with a sharp increase in passenger flow, passenger turnover, passenger occupancy rates and the same ratio.
Repairs. In the first half of the year, the company ask 1288.8 billion, an increase of 167.3 per cent over the same year, rpk 90.840 billion, an increase of $11.5 per cent to $0.5873 over the same year in passenger kilometre earnings, the highest/minimum price for the 52 weeks of international flights due to the increased supply of flights.
Dollars, as a whole, have benefited from a rapid recovery in the demand for civil aviation, an increase of 8.2 per cent in the unit price of the company as a whole over the same period, a more or less stable cost performance, a loss on exchange, and a loss of exchange of about 1 billion dollars in earnings in the second quarter. As a result of the upturn in the volume of business, the cost of the company ' s aviation oil has increased by 87 per cent to 19.35 billion per year, while the remaining costs have been raised by the volume of business.
The acquisition of mountain voyages led to a significant increase in costs, with company operating costs of $59.21 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 54.6 per cent over the same period. In terms of costs, revenues increased significantly, leading to a decrease in cost rates, with company sales costs increasing by 4.15 per cent as a result of higher volume of business, and sales costs falling by 3.23 pct over the same period.
The Division's disposal of $690 million contributed to its performance, including two quarters of pre-tax profits on exchange losses and losses, China Air (60111.sh) - a significant loss in the quarter, and continued to look forward to future performance.
China Air (60111.sh) - Continuing loss of performance, after cycle reversal Investment proposal: maintaining a “buy-in” rating. China Air (60111.sh) - planning to gain control of the Mountain Shipping Group, heavy industry
In the first half of the year, there was a significant decline in the country’s air traffic, the second quarter of the year made a profit, and in the future, as the international route resumed further, China’s navigation (60111.sh) – the loss continues, keeping in view the post-epidemiological industry, the pressure on corporate broad body transport digestion will be further reduced, and operational performance and performance will be released.
They continue to watch civil aviation recover, and it is expected that the elasticity of the airline’s profits will gradually show up in the third quarter, leaving behind billions of dollars, and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
In the first half of 2023, the company ' s operating income was 59.61 billion, an increase of 148.9 per cent over the same period, resulting in a substantial decrease of 34.5 billion net profit to the mother, of which 34.55 billion were earned in the second quarter, resulting in a net profit to the mother - 520 million.
In the first half of 2023, civil aviation recovered well, and companies completed their co-ordinates with mountains, with significant repairs in terms of delivery, passenger turnover, and passenger occupancy. In the first half of the year, the company ask 1288.8 billion, an increase of 167.3%, and rpk 90.840 million, an increase of the same ratio.
The increase in revenue of 11.5 per cent to 0.5873 dollars in the same year was due to the increase in the supply of flights, which resulted in a decrease of 62.0 per cent, 5.9 per cent to 0.77772 and 0.8275 per cent, respectively, respectively, for international and regional routes. Overall, as a result of the rapid recovery in the demand for civil aviation, the overall unit cost of the company increased by 8.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a marked increase in revenue collection.
Cost performance was generally stable, currency exchange losses delayed performance, and second-quarter withholdings of about $1 billion resulted in an increase in the cost of company aviation from 87 per cent to 19.35 billion on a year-on-year basis, while the remaining cost items were significantly increased in the first half of the year, with company operating costs of $59.21 billion on a year-on-year basis, representing an increase of 54.6 per cent.
On the other hand, revenue has risen significantly, leading to a decline in the cost ratio, with company sales costs increasing as a result of the increase in business volume, sales costs increasing by 4.15 per cent, a decline of 3.23 pct over the same period, administrative costs generally stable, and management costs of 4.05 per cent over the same period, and financial costs of 8.13 per cent over the same period, a decrease of 13.95 pct over the same period.
In addition to the US$ 690 million in proceeds from corporate disposal, which contributes to performance, the pre-tax profit on exchange gains and losses is approximately US$ 1 billion in the second quarter. Investment proposals: maintain a “buy-in” rating.
In the first half of the year, there was a significant decline in the country’s air traffic, and in the second quarter, remittances were withheld for profit. In the future, the pressure on the company’s broad body transport digestion will be further reduced as international routes resume further, allowing for operational performance and the release of performance. We continue to appreciate that the annual net profits of the civil aviation carrier will be 2.530 billion, 1.91 billion, and 23.580 billion, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject