China National Airlines (601111): q2 off-limits, China National Airlines is a national airline with a major international presence in China.
If the exchange factor is excluded, the second quarter will be close to the balance of gains and losses: the second quarter will be the first regular and irregular air passenger, cargo, mail and baggage shipment in the country after the company's flight, and will be collected for a full quarter of $34.55 billion, with a net profit of $19.20 billion not attributable to the mother, compared to one quarter.
(a) Loss and loss operations: domestic and international official flight operations: aircraft operations; aircraft maintenance; inter-air operators; -3.20 billion realized losses.
Ground services and air couriers related to main battalion operations; losses of 1.57 billion yuan in corporate exchange in the first half of the year, while the first quarter of the quarter saw a small appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar, showing tax exemptions; retail operations of merchandise on board; air accident insurance
For exchange gains, exchange losses in the second quarter actually exceed 1.57 billion. So if the risk sales agent for exchange losses is excluded; the import/export business.
In the first half of the year, corporate capacity increased by 190.9%, mainly because of last year’s epidemic, which led to a low base, and the completion of the joint flight to the mountains in March of this year. Compared to the same period in 19 years, the reporting period was marked by an increase in the number of passengers and passengers.
Inner routes increased by 36.7 per cent on the same basis, and the first half of the international route was 26.1 per cent in the same period in 19 years. As of July, the company ' s international route returned to about 52 per cent in the same period in 19 years, followed by a 71.9 per cent passenger rate for domestic routes and a 12.5 per cent difference over the same period in 19 years.
60.9%, 23.0pct less than the same period in 19 years, which has been largely flat for the same period. International passenger-kilometre earnings have fallen by 62.0% to 0.78 yuan/km, while the large decline in passenger-to-prison revenues has been mainly due to insufficient supply during the same period last year, resulting in an overpriced base.
In the same period of 19 years, the amount of 0.41 was still about 90 per cent higher, indicating that, compared to the pre-epidemiological cost of some of the routes, the cost of oil held by the company unit ask was 0.31, a significant improvement over the same period of 0.63 last year, and that there was still a certain gap in hours, mainly because international routes were not fully restored and part of the broad body was used.
The aircraft utilization data will continue to improve as international routes continue to recover in the second half of the year.
In the same period, 790 million yuan was lost. The large return on investment was mainly due to the recognition of 1.28 billion yuan in the current period, compared to $420 million in the same period last year. The second quarter was better than expected, and the year was expected to be lost: the second quarter was a slow season in the industry, but the company was cut off.
The impact of the exchange rate has been able to get close to the balance of gains and losses, which is better than we expected. The company’s long international route is the highest among the three shipping lines, resulting in higher performance pressures during the epidemic than the other carriers, but also more profitable elasticity from the recovery of the international route. Given the general weakness of the industry this year,
Price competition, revenue-oriented business strategies, the full elasticity of the season, and I, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, expect the company to recover its profits in the second half of the year, with the prospect of a year-round loss.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China Air (601111):02 is expected to be lost by 2015-2018.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.