The effect of the downfall is a 40% increase in the net profit of 20q2 per annum.
Rapid growth in the volume of express goods and a slight drop in the rate of rapid revenue growth affected by the price war: since the resumption of work in the second quarter of the year, the company's business has grown rapidly, reaching $14,581 million in revenue in the first half of 2020, with a gross increase of 2.19 pct to 17.6 per cent over the same period; other operations (mainly air transport) have recovered.
Business completion was 4,936 million, a 29.8 per cent increase in the same year, and the excess delivery industry grew at an average rate of 22.1 per cent. The epidemic caused consumption trends to shift from below-line to above-line, driving the delivery industry to grow faster in the first half of the year, but it also accelerated the delivery industry ' s shuffling, price wars continued to rise, and companies moved to 2020.
The first half of the year saw a 26-to-2.36 dollar drop in single-ticket revenue, which is the main factor in the 2.87 per cent decline in the speed of rapid-receipt revenue. Cost-control capacity continued to be strengthened: companies continued to improve the layout of transit centres, optimize their routes, upgrade transit efficiency, and strengthen the management of packages and distributions to allied traders and operators.
The increase in State preferential policy credits (exemption from VAT, tolls on vehicles, civil aviation funds, etc.) represents a significant decrease. The cost of a single ticket fell to $2.13 in the first half of 2020, or 24 per cent in the same year, of which the cost of a single ticket transport was 0.51, or 31 per cent in the same year; the cost of a single ticket in transit was 0.33 dollars, or 15 per cent in the same year;
The impact of the price war was mitigated by the transit cost of 0.06 dollars for the single ticket net, a decrease of 83 per cent for the same year; the cost of 1.21 dollars for the single ticket, a decrease of 6.49 per cent for the same year, an increase of more than 20 per cent in per capita effectiveness, and a further optimization of the single ticket cost. On the cost side, the cost rate decreased by 0.98 pct for the first half of 2020, a decrease of 0.98 pt for the same year.
Core resources continue to be invested to improve integrated competitiveness: companies continuously upgrade their business planning capabilities, move into transit centres to optimize their layout, optimize their fast-tracking routes through information-based tools and improve the lead-line transport time frame. As at the end of June, companies had 73 direct transit centres with automated sorting equipment92
In addition, the company owns 12 air fleets, and the air resources and international business value of the company are fully highlighted.
In the first half of the year, HK$2.2 billion was earned as a net return of HK$95 million to the mother, an increase of over 1700 per cent over the same year. Profit forecasts: benefiting from the increase in demand for purchases on the epidemic’s catalytic line, the industry as a whole remained at a higher rate
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.