The supply and demand continue to improve, and the photovoltage of glass taps rises to high light.
We predict a global total of 150gw in 2020, 115gw in 2019, an increase of more than 30% in the same year, and a rise in bipolar penetration to 25% in 2020. Demand for photovoltaic glass is projected to increase by 29.42% in the same year in 2020.
Based on our demand and supply estimates, the demand for photovoltaic glass in 2019 was converted to 20,476 tons per day, and the industry was effectively supplied to 22319 tons per day, a marked improvement in supply and demand compared to 2018; and the price of photovoltaic glass in 2020 rose three times in a row, from 24 yuan per square metre at the beginning of the year to 29 yuan per square metre at the present time.
In the future, the supply and demand are more intense, and prices are likely to rise further.
The share is 33%, the Fullet capacity is 5290 tonnes/day, the market share is 22%, and the industry is more than 50%.
By the end of 2019, the company had 5290 tons per day of photovoltaic glass production, the world’s second largest producer of photovoltaic glass. The company’s a+h shares were marketed, with significant financing advantages, ipo and fungible loans to further boost companies’ high-quality capacity release.
The company’s capacity reached 7290 tons by the end of 2020 and 9690 tons by the end of 2021. At the same time, it has a significant scale effect, lower manufacturing costs and higher completion rates, with a clear cost advantage.
"Accelerately expanding low-cost production capacity and rising photovoltaic glass," 2019-03-22, with growing demand for photovoltaic glass, the company ' s new expansion capacity will fully enjoy its full yield.
"The advent of a photovoltaic window of opportunity, a continuous increase in the size and cost of looking at the growth of total photovoltaic demand and the continued expansion of the productive capacity of companies" 2019-02-16
As the expansion of the company's low-cost production capacity accelerates, future corporate size and cost advantages are expected to continue to grow 1. Photovoltaic glass: a high-quality segment in the growing industry.
The useful life of components and the efficiency of power generation are essential. Photovoltaics are industries that have grown in demand in recent years, and, with the rapid development of photovoltaics, the overall size of the photovoltaic glass market is growing.
Oligopoly, with high market concentration, glazing enterprises can be divided into two categories depending on the type of manufacturing process: those that have superwhite glass ore lines and are capable of deep processing of photovoltaic glass, such as Shining Light, Forlet, Rainbow Group, China-China.
At the end of June 2019, we had 24 super-white-pressureed longglasses in production bases, 38 kilns, 130 production lines, with a total output of 21930 tons per day, an increase of 0.32 per cent in the ring, a decline of 3.56 per cent in the year.
The main enterprises in the region are: Tianjin Shinyi, Chenxi Rainbow, Henan's Ancaoco, Taozhi New Energy, Kim Tsin Solar, etc.
The concentration is higher in the glazing industry, which is now more than 50% in cr2 and more than 80% incr5. Shinyo and Fullet are in the first echelons. Rainbow, Kinsin, and South Po's second echelons have smaller capacity, compared to our primary business market share of light glass in 2018 (in terms of capacity).
In 2020, it is expected that the industry will have a major additional capacity of 6,000 tonnes/day, mainly 4 1000 tonnes/day of Shinyo capacity in the Guang Northwest Sea and Lake An Quichua and 2 1000 tonnes/day of Folet in Viet Nam. In 2021, the industry is expected to have a major additional capacity of 4,600 tonnes/day, mainly in Viet Nam.
For 2 1,200 tonnes/day in An Xian Fengyang and 2 1,100 tonnes/day in the Guang Northwest Sea in Fujian, for Folet, 1.1.3 with high barriers to entry and a wide moat.
The barriers to entry in the light glass industry are high, mainly in terms of technical barriers, size barriers, certification barriers Technical barriers: there are more technical links in the manufacture of light glass, which, if one link is a problem, have a negative impact on the quality and productivity of the product. Glass production is very continuous, but the quality of light glass finished is not enough.
Rebuilding of the furnaces would entail additional costs for the producing enterprise, and normal production of the original product would normally be 24 small hours of continuous work and could not be discontinued, if the quality of the product was unstable, and production could not proceed properly. Since each enterprise had different conditions, production lines, and process parameters, it would be possible to establish a process adapted to its own characteristics.
The accumulation of experience in production techniques, the mastery of technological techniques, and the level of sophistication of technology management constitute the main obstacles to non-glass-producing enterprises entering the light glass industry. At the same time, because of the differences between the general floating glass and the production techniques of the light glass, the normal glass is born.
Production lines cannot easily be converted to photovoltaic glass production lines. Therefore, it is difficult for ordinary glass producers to enter light, light glass processes, photovoltaic glass, especially super-white pressure glass, solar light passivity/absorption/reflection rate, iron content, anti-flash resistance.
Resistivity, corrosion resistance, persistence, thermal inflation factors, and high-temperature properties are all highly demanding, particularly in the light, high passivity and low iron content. The requirements of photovoltaic glass are much higher than those of normal glass in terms of material design, process system design, melting kiln pool structures, operating systems, control systems, and product quality standards.
This opens the technological gap between the general glass manufacturing industry and the light glass manufacturing industry, creating a technical barrier for the industry to enter the light glass industry.
Barriers of scale: High barriers, high concentration, long-term accumulation of experience in production and one-stop production processes, and higher initial investment in 1,000 tonnes/day melting of photovoltaic glass lines at $700-800 million. In addition, large kilns have a fairly large scale effect.
kilns, with lower manufacturing costs (large kilns with about 20-30% energy consumption) and higher completion rates. The core of large furnaces is a ton of day-melting kilns. Certification barriers: Photovoltaic glass, as an integral part of a photovoltaic component, needs to be combined with component products.
Entering the certification process. The export of photovoltaic components in the EU, USA, Japan must be certified for local product quality, and the replacement of the sealed glass must be recertified for a longer period and at no lower cost, so the photovoltaic component enterprises are more inclined to work together with suppliers of high-quality, timely and high-scale photovoltaic glass, once it is established.
At the same time, the performance, reliability, and quantitative stability of photovoltaic components are strictly required by authoritative foreign certification bodies, as well as the technical strength, scale of operations, experimental testing, R & D capabilities, quality control of the firms concerned. New entrants are unlikely to meet quality technical standards in a short time, and their glass products are light-volved.
Client resource barriers: Photovoltaic component enterprises have high requirements for quality stability, timeliness of supply, post-sale services, and are faced with a number of long-term (half-time) stages, such as vendor evaluation, testing of products, certification, small-volume testing, medium-volume procurement until bulk supply, etc., to enter the list of suppliers of photovoltaic components.
Thus, firms that enter the market before they do so have, for many years, long-term partnerships that have fostered customer loyalty to the cards, thereby impeding new entrants.
Photovoltaic electricity costs are falling rapidly, and a large cycle of Internet access is starting. According to the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA), this figure has increased to $0.085/kwh per year, a 77% decrease, the fastest energy source in recent years.
Progress and industry are growing, and the downward trend in the cost of light voltage will continue. Currently, the Middle East is already experiencing 1.69 cents/kwh of electricity, while within the country, in addition to the price parity projects being implemented, new lows are emerging. The third batch of pilot base incentive targets, part of the base, were previously tendered.
The winning price of electricity is already well below the local price of devulcanized coal. Photovoltaics are moving from a subsidy cycle to a price-free Internet week. Global photovoltaics have been installed and projected to decrease the cost of electricity per energy source (2010 - 2018)
The offshore market has been further opened up by a sharp drop in component prices in the second half of 2019, with more than 100 gw expected to be installed overseas in 2020, an increase of more than 11% compared to the previous year. Global light voltage demand is expected to reach the 150gw mark in 2020.
The two-faced phase rises and the need for glazing glass expands. The two-faced components are covered with double-faced batteries, and the back side can also be generated by light, compared to the normal one-sided component.
In 2018, the market was dominated by one-sided components, with 90%. The two-faced components were used mainly for the “leaders” scheme, where the city's share was higher than in 2017.
8pc, 10%. In the future, with the expansion of new photovoltaic applications such as agro-light complementarities and water-light complementarities, the application of two-sided components will continue to expand. Double-sided components will achieve an 8-30% increase in power generation (depending on different back-reflection conditions) compared to one-sided components.
The market for two-sided components is expected to reach 30% by 2020 and 60% by 2025, according to the China Road Map for the Development of the Photovoltaic Industry (2018 edition). This is why domestic component manufacturers have expanded the capacity of the two-faced components, and the domestic production of the two-dimensional components is expected to reach 26gw in 2019.
The United States re-exempts the double-sided component from 201 duties, which is expected to increase the penetration rate further. The United States has been an important part of the global photovoltaic market, with more than 14gw installed in 2019, which is expected to account for 11.7% of the total additional load, and will continue to grow in the future in the United States. In 2018, the United States began to focus on crystal silicon.
A “201” survey of solar cells and components determined a four-year guaranteed tariff on the import of United States crystal silicon batteries and components, with an initial annual rate of 30 per cent and an annual reduction of 5 per cent (with an exemption quota for batteries per year). High 201 tariffs limited exports of domestic components to the United States (currently to the United States as a result of a combination of double rates).
In June 2019, the US Trade Representative’s Office (usustr) announced an exemption of 201 tariffs on two-sided components.