FLET (601865): Plumbing glass taps, active expansion, speed of performance, unstoppable.
The Ford Glass Group is currently in high demand for photovoltaic glass in the country, with two-bond components rising to further increase the demand for light glass. Our photovoltaics are one of the best in design, development, and life.
Producers of photovoltaic components producing and selling to China and overseas have entered a price-free era, with both traditional and emerging markets active overseas. Photovoltaic glass from global photovoltaics, in addition to photovoltaic glass, is the company’s main product.
On a rising basis, we have added two-bond components to the incremental demand for photovoltaic glass (which is also expected to include floating glass, engineering glass and home glass, as well as the construction of solar photovoltaic plants and the mining of quartz.
It's a relatively complete industrial chain. 96.2 million tonnes/year, with annual composite growth of about 15%. The company, as a photoglass tap, produces the first and most of its products in the country.
The fourth player in the ball, through a Swiss spf-certified firm, is able to expand continuously, and its concentration is expected to increase even further.
It's one of the only two public glazing industries in the country with 1,000 tons/daylines, with a rising concentration, high barriers that shape double-heading patterns, and a strong leader in the Department.
It's a natural customer sticky, high-tech, big-scale barrier.
High and competitive. In a situation of strong market demand and a supply gap, leading firms are expanding, and by the end of 2021, the Fullet capacity will have reached 9690 tonnes per day from the current 5290 tonnes per day, and the release of additional capacity will have led to considerable growth in the company's performance and market share.
Supply and demand pressures are strong, and light glass rises. The long-term construction cycle of photovoltaic glass and the impassable short-term completion of production capacity have led to the current high price of light glass supply, which may still be slightly higher in four quarters. Overt industry entry thresholds and already-formulated double-heads in the long run are too high.
The Bureau has also made it possible for the supply of photovoltaic glass to remain stable for a short period of time, with the entire glazing industry rising in prices and a highly volatile market environment. Industry patterns and market demand will continue to rise in the future with the expansion of capacity, covering for the first time a “strong” scenario.
Not as much as expected; the price of glazing glass is falling faster than expected.
East Hing Securities Co. reports Fullet (601865): Plumbing glass taps, active expansion, fast performance, unstoppable.
Fullet, a leading company, is leading the development of photovoltaic glass in the country. The Fulett Glass Group is one of the current home-grown fibreglass manufacturers, mainly engaged in the design, development, production and sale of light glass from photovoltaic component producers in China and overseas.
Created in June 1998 and mainly engaged in glass trade and processing, Ford began technological development and introduction in 2006 into the field of luminous glass, the country’s first Swiss-certified firm, established a leading position in the optical glass industry, and gradually nationalized the luminous glass market, which had been largely monopolized by foreign companies.
Mainly from photovoltaic glass, about 70%. In addition to photovoltaic glass, the company’s main product includes floating glass, engineering glass and home glass, as well as the construction of solar photovoltaic power stations and the mining of quartz, which form a more complete industrial chain.
The shareholders in and the actual control of the company are Nguyen Hong Liang, Kang Xinghua (the husband-wife relationship with Nguyen Hong Liang), Nguyen Xiaoyu (the father-in-law relationship with Nguyen Hong Liang) and Zhao Xiaofei (the husband-in-law relationship with Nguyen Xiaofei), who together hold shares in the company of 1,118.72 million shares and have signed an agreement with the co-actors. The share in the stock represents 62.16 per cent of the company's total stock before the issuance of the shares in the post-distribution a, and 57.38 per cent of the total post-issuance stock.
There are nine wholly owned subsidiaries, in order of registered capital, namely, Fullet (Viet Nam) Ltd., An Quay Fretel Glass Limited, Zhejiang Garford Glass Co. Ltd., Shanghai Fret Glass Co., An Queen Fryter Photovoltaic Materials Co. Ltd., Zhejiang Freiv Bo Ltd., Cashing Fret New Energy Technology Ltd., Fret (Hong Kong) Ltd., Fret (Hong Kong) Limited with limited investment.
FLET (601865): Plumbing glass tap, active expansion, speed of performance, unstoppable figure 2: Corporate equity structure
Of the four glass products in the company’s main business, glazing glass is mainly used as a cover sheet for photovoltaic components, which is the upstream raw material for photovoltaic components; floating glass is the base glass of engineering glass, home glass, which is used for further processing or direct sale; engineering glass and household glass are important factors of life and production, and engineering glass is used mostly for building works, glass curtain walls, homes, homes, etc.
Glass is used mostly for indoor and outdoor accommodation, decorating, office entertainment, etc.
Deeply processed glass, super-white membrane pressurized glass, lime sand.
Super-white pressurized flowers, glazed glass, super-white steel pressurized glass.
It's a pressure stretch. It's a normal voltage. It's a film battery pre-electric.
High-end wall glass, super white floating, limestone.
Polar (tco) Aluminium hydroxide
Floating glass Low-e glass, steel glass or combination thereof, engineering glass
Coated glass, medium-empty glass, environmental mirrors, roasted glass, glass of glass, glass of paint, glass of home.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East 1.2 harvests continue to grow at a steady pace, and the source of wealth and wisdom in the East thrives.
This is mainly due to the fact that the company's capacity has not expanded over the past few years, its capacity for photovoltaic glass production has remained largely unchanged at 2,290 tons per day, and its sales and revenues have not increased significantly. With the gradual release of its capacity in 18-20, 5290 tons per day have been achieved, and its revenues have been sustained in 18 years under the influence of the “531” Shining Deal.
In a stable state, business income began to rise significantly after 19 years of recovery of the rough market, thanks to a significant expansion of productive capacity, with glazing glass remaining at about 70% of operating income, up to 75.30% in the first half of the year. The remaining three glass sources accounted for close to 30% of operating income, and the floating glass ratio has been declining since 16 years, owing to the company’s improved processing of floating glass.
For example, more of the floating glass produced is being used for further processing to engineering glass in pursuit of higher profits. Around, the main product of the four main glass products -- the single most important business area of the company -- is the single most important one, which is the primary dependence on future expansion of production capacity, higher yields and higher profits.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is 1.3ipo, which promotes the release of productive capacity and a new wave of ipo support for the expansion of production, ushering in a new profit growth point. On February 15th, 2019, the company 'ipo 's first day on the market, issued a share of 150 million shares.
A total of 300 million yuan was raised for the launch of the 900,000 tonnes of photovoltage assembly glass project and the 100,000 tonnes of online low-e plating glass project.
Photovoltaic glass: A solar cell module protection umbrella Photovoltaic glass is a necessary raw material for the manufacture of solar PV cell components, which are pressurized into solar cells, generate electricity from solar radiation, and have electrical flow-inducing devices, as well as special glass from cables, for use on the permeable panel of the component, which is the outermost part of the component.
Batteries are very fragile, have very low mechanical strength, are liable to break, are susceptible to corrosion, and the individual battery voltage is too small to meet the need for use, which usually requires connecting multiple batteries and encapsulating them into photovoltaic components, which are the most external and positive parts of the photovoltaic components, absorbing light directly in outdoor conditions and confronting harsh outside environments such as wind, sand, day and night.
On the whole, photovoltaic glass provides light energy with its high permeability of a battery to produce a photoelectric effect that transforms light into electricity; and on the other hand, it uses its good physical properties to protect solar cells from water and gas erosion, isolation of oxygen from oxidation, and exposure to wind.
Pressure and plating vary from day to day to ensure the useful life of photovoltaic components. Both steel and plating methods are used to improve the use of photovoltaic glass, rationality, steel-treated light glass with greater intensity, and plating glass with a higher permeability. 2.2 Product technology, certification stickyness, construction cycle, scale effects combine to create barriers in the natural industry.
Photovoltaic glass has natural customer viscous properties. The quality of photovoltaic glass directly determines the quality of photovoltaic components, including power generation efficiency, life expectancy, etc., at a cost of between 6 and 7 per cent of the cost of the components. Therefore, the quality of photovoltaic glass is more important than the price of the grid for downstream componentrs, and the quality of the photovoltaic glass mills is usually highly sticky for users.
Domestic price advantages are evident, and the double-hatted pattern is in place. So far, domestic photovoltaic glass manufacturers have broken the international monopoly on technology, and successful use of cost advantages has developed rapidly, becoming the world’s leading producer of photovoltaic glass, which by 2018 had produced more than 90% of the world’s capacity and production.
Industry barriers, the rapid expansion of production by leading firms, and the growing advantages of pre-emptive and size, have led to a double-hatted pattern of aluminum and frett. In 2018, the capacity of two enterprises reached 49 per cent of the country ' s photovoltaic glass production capacity, 51 per cent in 2019 under the current expansion plan, 60 per cent by late 2020, and virtually no additional capacity for other companies, and the concentration of industries is already high and continuing to increase.
Figure 9: Distribution of light glass production in 2018 The source of financial prosperity in the East The industrial barriers to light glass are mainly reflected in the technical difficulties of products, the high degree of sticky certification, the long-cycle, scale effects of initial investment in construction
Photovoltaic glass has high requirements for light passivity, absorption, conductivity, durability, corrosion resistance, useful life, etc. General glass is often green because of higher iron content and low permeability.
It is therefore very different from traditional glass in terms of raw material use, process design, production-line design, product-control quality standards, and requires some technical support and accumulation. Especially in the production chain, it involves more production links, each enterprise’s own conditions, production line construction, process parameters, etc.
The accumulation of experience in production technology, mastery of technology, and fine-tuning of technology management constitute the main obstacles to non-glass-producing enterprises entering the light-windowed glass industry. And, unlike the production of glass, it is difficult for ordinary glass enterprises to enter light easily.
Combination with components requires high stability and makes it easier to develop customer stickyness. Photovoltaic glass, as an important component of the components, is critical to their efficiency and life expectancy, ensuring strict quality, and requiring technical certification, especially in the direction of exports, at the national or international level.
Without local certification, the product will not be able to enter the corresponding market. As part of the component needs and as part of the component product group, the component will enter the certification as a whole, and once the component changes the glass, it will have to be recertified, and the certification cycle will be longer at a higher cost, so that the component enterprise will normally not change easily when a stable supplier is identified, and will usually work together for a long time and have a strong customer.
On the other hand, this certification feature of photovoltaic glass also allows clients to be very cautious and rigorous in selecting suppliers, taking into account the full range of full-scale, integrated competitiveness of glass suppliers in terms of technical strength, level of productivity stability, quality reliability, and also through a considerable number of components such as evaluation, testing, product testing, certification, small-volume trials, medium-volume procurement until bulk delivery, which requires strict and time-consuming, emerging and emerging elements.
The construction cycle is long, and input costs are high. Investment in the early construction of photovoltaic glass production, such as “production lines, purchase of raw materials” is very expensive, and the source of financial prosperity in the East is high.
The entire production-line construction cycle is also one year and a half to three years, and the start of the investment will be a long-term drain on corporate funds, posing a major challenge to the enterprise. For example, in the case of the current ipo project, it is planned to raise funds to build the first and second phases of the 900,000-ton photovoltaic block glass project, with two phases to build a kiln with a capacity of 1,000-ton/sky line, with a total investment expected to be 1330 million yuan, which is almost close to Fulai.
In addition, the build-up cycle has lasted more than one and a half years from feasibility studies to the start of the first phase of the start of the second phase of the start of the start-up, which has taken more than two and a half years, has taken more than two and a half years, has taken less than two and a half years, has made it difficult for under-equipped firms to bear such heavy financial pressure, has too much industry entry and expansion costs, and has basically no expansion plans for firms other than the industry headlines Shinyo and Fred.
So far, the photovoltaic glass industry has developed a competitive pattern of scale, with large kilns having significant scale effects compared to ordinary kilns, with advantages in equipment depreciation, bulk production, and flat fixed costs, resulting in lower and more stable unit production costs of luminium platinum. Currently, firms with 1,000 tons of turbolines in the domestic market have only altruistic light.
Fred, this large-scale production line is solid in terms of product quality, supply stability and price competition, especially, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom. Low costs will lead to higher profits, a larger and more stable supply of products will generate more revenue, and a stronger Matthew will emerge.
As a result of economies of scale, small-scale producers have difficulty gaining advantage in a competitive environment of this size. 2.3 Superwhite-pressureed glass is mainstreamed in the current market, and super-white-pressureed glass now dominates the main market.
The cell's super-white-pressure longglass (primarily by pressure stretching) and the other type is the transparent conductive oxidizer plating (mostly by floating) applied to thin-film solar cells. Solar cells are now dominated by crystal silicon cells, and super-white long-pressure glass takes on a larger market value. Here, the term “per-white” refers to a low iron content with a high degree of transparency, and iron is treated as impurity in ordinary glass, which makes the glass colored.
When you increase the heat rate of glass, it reduces its permeability. "Plus delay" means the formation of a glass from a melting kiln using a stretcher, which is treated separately on the surface of the glass base with different stripes, reducing photoreflection on the face of the platinum, and significantly increasing the solar slope permeability of the glass on the back with a special flowering pattern, thus giving optical glass a higher permeability and permeability.
The photovoltaic glass industry is less technologically diverse than the rest of the PV chain, with industrial barriers and magnificence, so that technological change is less dynamic and the future is likely to move to thin glass. It is now dominated by superwhite pressure, which has superior physical, mechanical, and optical properties, and solar energy is good at low absorption rates and low self-exploitation rates, and has a clear advantage in permeability.
Experience shows that with every 1% increase in solar light pass rate, photovoltaic cell power can be raised by about 0.8%, so super-white-pressure glass is the preferred material for crystal silicon panels. 3. Photovoltage markets are rising upwards with two-bob components, and photovoltaic glass is standing in the wind.
3.1 The global demand for photovoltaics is hot and the industry is looking forward to a boom in photovoltaic power generation and a return of photovoltaic glass. Photovoltaic glass is an essential component of the component, its market demand is closely linked to the amount of photovoltaics installed and, in the context of global efforts to develop clean and renewable energy sources, photovoltaic power is booming and its technology is growing.
East’s financial and intellectual boom, its costs are decreasing, its installation is always growing rapidly, and its development prospects are promising. The domestic market is characterized by a lack of policy clarity, with most firms waiting and developing relatively cautiously, leading to weak domestic demand, according to the National Energy Authority.
Officially published data show that the total number of additional installed photovoltaics in the country in the first half of the year was only 11.4gw, with a significant gap from the total forecast of 38-40gw for the year 2019. According to the current domestic loading situation, the number of new photovoltaics in the last three quarters was 15.99gw, but the rate of increase was relatively slow, with the result that domestic demand was expected to cool down to around 30gw for the year.
In the long run, it is expected to add more than 260gw to the grid during the 1455s.
With the introduction of price policies, our photovoltaic industry has really entered a new phase of parity, competitive Internet access, and the future of photovoltaic will move towards a market-oriented and policy-supported new pattern. At this stage, businesses in the photovoltaic industry chain are working to reduce efficiency gains, and the long-term need will be to move towards a cost-driven approach, with a growing scale of installed machines under the stimulus of market demand, a rise in household and business projects, a rise in light.
On 7 September, the International Energy Network, sponsored by the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, hosted the “New Situations, Four-Five (2021-2025)” photovoltaic development goal. By the end of the 14-Fifteenth century, photovoltaics will be the least costly renewable energy power generation, with a projected additional photovoltaic and networked capacity of over 260gw during the Tenth-Fifteen-Fifteen-Five period.
In the first half of 1919, the offshore market was already stronger than expected, and the development of photovoltaic projects will accelerate as future emerging market state policies focus and encourage. As a major photovoltaic-producing country, the price of the “531” post-negade industrial chain continued to decline, with the impact of a fall in subsidies and policy-guided parities on the Internet.
It is clear that the price of components has been declining from January 2018 to the present, gaining a relative advantage in the international market, helping domestic firms to better open up overseas markets, and further stimulating the growth of global installed demand. The traditional photovoltaic markets, such as the US, Japan, and Germany, have steadily increased the volume of new and additional loads, with long-term benefits; and Europe’s renewable energy.
As a result of the policies of the East’s financial and intellectual boom, countries such as Germany, the Netherlands, Spain and others will continue to increase, and Ukraine’s performance as an emerging market is also very bright, and pvinfolink predicts that the entire European market will have nearly 20gw in 2019; and Viet Nam, India, Taiwan, South-East Asia.
In the Gulf, the United Arab Emirates in the Middle East, Mexico in Latin America, Brazil, and South Africa, and Australia, among others, the photovoltaic markets have also started and rapidly emerged over the past few years, growing at a strong pace over the past two years, and will grow further in the coming years, raising space. Global access to the gw level is expected to increase to 18 markets in 2019, with new aircraft installed in the top four countries: China, the United States, India, and Japan, with Viet Nam as one.
The number of black horses is likely to exceed Australia ' s fifth, and the total number of additional global loads is expected to be close to 120gw.Figure 14: Global photovoltage and future projections for 2015-2025: 3.2 bibral penetration accelerates with 49 per cent contribution, and photovoltaic glass will continue to benefit
Two-bond components are glass backboards on both sides of the assembly, i.e., a composite layer consisting of two glass and solar cells, where the battery fragments are congregated by a chain of conductors and linked to the light-voltage cell assembly formed at the end of the fuse. The components are solar- absorbing on both sides of the surface and can generate electricity in order to take full advantage of ground reflections, scatter light, etc., and are more efficient than the conventional backboard components in terms of PV conversion efficiency while the PV backboards are more efficient.
Stability and corrosivity. Because of the natural advantages of the current market-mainstream battery perc cells and future wind vents, which can easily be upgraded to double-faced batteries, only partial modifications of the production line are needed to increase the power generation efficiency of the components at no additional cost.
The rise of the two-bond component, which has also increased the demand for light glass, has led to a trend towards a further reduction in weight and cost of 2.0 mm, or even a thiner 1.6 mm, but the main use of the two-bond component is still 2.5mm light glass. Although the two-bond component is used for light glass and 3.2 mm of the traditional monocrystal component, the two-bob component is used for this purpose.
The light glass is much thinner than it is, but the demand for glass per component has doubled, and the market demand for light glass will rise even further as the market for two-bond components rises in the future.
FLET (601865): Pulse glass taps, active expansion, fast performance, and a 49% increase in the demand for photovoltaic glass for the two-probate components. On the basis of the rising global light-voltage machine, we fold and double.
The contribution of the component to the incremental demand for photovoltaic glass, taking into account the double increase in both, is a simple analysis of the future demand for photovoltaic glass. Ton/m3. Demand for photovoltaic glass per gw binary component is estimated to have increased by 49% compared to that of a single component. In addition, based on the previous projection of global loads and double-bond stock, the demand for photovoltaic glass in the coming years is as shown in the table below.
There is a gap in the supply of the East's financial and intellectual boom, the concentration of the industry is rising and the photovoltaic glass taps are on the rise to expand their production opportunities.
With the introduction of domestic manufacturers into the light glass industry, the monopoly of foreign firms on light glass has gradually been broken and the glass industry, represented by Fullet, has begun to develop and introduce technology, while taking full advantage of the low-cost advantages of the country, which, after 10 years of development, has moved from dependence on imports to substitute imports, and the large domestic glass industry has even begun to build plants abroad, which has become the world's largest light.
In addition to meeting domestic market demand, our exports of photovoltaic glass are growing rapidly. We are now the world ' s leading producer of photovoltaic glass. By 2018, we had more than 90 per cent of global production and production, and from 2013 to 2019 domestic production of photovoltaic glass and production, as shown in the figure below, from 11 kilotons per day in 2013 to 23.3 kilotons per day in 2019, with a composite growth rate of 13.33 per cent.
There is a gap between the production of photovoltaic glass in 2019 and the demand as measured in the previous report, and the need to expand it further as demand increases in the future. From the domestic market, the glazing industry has a high concentration of more than 50%, and only Shinyo and Fullet are actively expanding with their strong industrial leadership.
Increasing productive capacity, according to the current production plan, by the end of 2020 Fulrate will have reached 7290 tons per day.
2019-04: Photovoltaic 3-ton/day Folet (Viet Nam) Viet Nam Haide
2020: 1 000 tonnes per day of photovoltaic line. Industry barriers and size advantages contribute to increasing concentration in the industry, and leading firms are stronger. Large-scale production by leading firms will take advantage of cost and quality stability due to the size effects of photovoltaic glass, and new inputs will be produced through technological upgrading, among other things.
The costs will also be lower, which will lead to further widening of the gap between leading firms and other firms, taking up more market shares, enjoying the opportunities of “scaling up” that will require upgrading, with new production capabilities being successfully absorbed by the market, while SMEs are not yet able to expand and production costs of old lines are higher, and when markets fluctuate, they start to adjust their production to prevent a backlog of products, some regulations are in place.
Smaller models, less visibility and less risk-bearing capacity will expose the market to greater market risk, which will eventually be phased out. 4. The Foret industry has a strong leadership position, with multiple advantages to secure market share, 4.1 strong technological power to build industry authority and brand advantage.
Fulvert’s product quality advantages are widely recognized and prominent. In 2006, Fretel pioneered the technological monopoly of foreign giants over super-white platinum, pre-empted the super-white glass market, and built up a firm’s leading position in the light glass industry, creating a clear competitive advantage, with industry leading in key technologies such as the formulation of light glass, the production process and self-explosive control.
As early as 2008, the company’s photovoltaic glass was tested by the world-renowned photovoltaic battery company, Sharp, Japan. The product quality reached Japanese Xinzi, the world-renowned producer of photovoltaic glass, and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
At the same time, the company’s photovoltaic glass product is the first in the country and the fourth in the world to be certified by the Swiss spf, the source of financial prosperity in the east (spf certification is recognized as the authoritative certification of high-performance photovoltaic glass).
Figure 19: Corporate logo buildings - Bird nests Figure 20: Corporate logo buildings - Shibo Chinese Museums participate in industry standard-setting, taking advantage of market pre-positions and speech rights. Foret has a good branding effect in the industry with its high-quality products.
It should be fully recognized by the manufacturers in the market and the photovoltaic industry and be one of the authors of the country ' s light-quality physical reinforced glass (gb/t34328-2017), part 1 of the solar glass: super-white glass (gb/t30984.1-2015), the light-voltage long glass unit energy consumption limit (gb30252-2013),
National and industry standards such as the Solar Photovoltaic Component Refrigeration Glass Standard (jc/t2170-2013) and the Solar Cell Glass Standard (jc/t2001-2009). Participation in the development of industry standards makes it easier for companies to take advantage of market pre-emptive and industrial voice and to further upgrade themselves.
Research and development of forward-looking technologies has led to the autonomous development of a number of core technologies for photovoltaic glass, mainly in areas such as super-hardness, photovoltaic plating glass, high pass rate ultra thin plating glass, colorless gas deposition of film plating glass, and new projects for future corporate investment.
FLET (601865): Photovoltaic glass taps, active expansion, fast-paced performance, intensive R & D inputs to safeguard technological progress and new product development. The company has set up a dedicated R & D centre focusing on technology development in both the optical and floating glass plating directions, with a large number of advanced analytical detection instruments and equipment available in the laboratory and fully profitable
With external scientific resources, various forms of technical and academic cooperation have been established with leading enterprises, research institutes, and experts from within and outside the country. In addition, the company has built a stable, high-quality research and development team, with 308 research and development technicians as of the end of 2018, and has continued to bring in highly qualified technical experts and personnel, who make up 11.36 per cent of the total number of employees, the largest number of salaries except for producers.
The level of funding is also highest among all categories of employees. In the last three years, R & D investment has been around $100 million, more than 3% of operating income, and adequate financial support has provided strong guarantees for technological progress and the development of new products, as well as a solid basis for sustaining corporate leadership.
4.2 Take full advantage of the scale effect, taking advantage of the cost advantage, the size advantage, and the cost advantage. Unlike the cell block industry, the technology is slow and the cost advantage is based on the size advantage rather than on the emerging technology, usually the larger the kiln is produced, the lower the cost of production, the larger the large kiln is than the normal kiln.
The stoves are less expensive and more productive, with 1,000 tons per day of large kilns more than 10% less than 500 tons per day of production, and with the natural advantage of companies with large production lines in the East.
Foret was one of the only two companies in the country with 1,000 tonnes/day of production, with three batches of 1,000 tonnes/day of large kilns released in June and q1 in 2019. The size of the capacity was significantly increased from 2290 tonnes/day to 5290 tonnes/day, effectively reducing the unit cost of photovoltaic glass, and the trend in unit cost was consistent with the trend in capacity release, compared to other businesses.
The Leiter unit production costs and Māori rates are also significantly better than those of other firms, and remain at the forefront of the industry, and will continue to invest heavily in 2020 and 2021, and will have a stronger competitive advantage as future production starts to be planned. The size effect of the glass industry is more pronounced, and larger firms will be able to win markets in terms of quality, supply, and price of their products.
Competition, faster and better self-development, and small-scale production enterprises facing greater market risks and risk of being eliminated from the market are difficult to gain advantage in this competitive market environment. 4.3. Develop customer loyalty and tie down long-lasting cooperation up and down to win and win. 4.3.
With the early arrival of Fretel, and after more than a decade of development, Fretel has established and maintained long-term and stable partnerships with well-known domestic and international photovoltaic components. Because of the high quality and level of supply of photovoltaic glass, and the stringent certification requirements, components need to be certified together with optical glass.
Vault glass customers are very sticky and loyal, and once the photovoltaic industry succeeds in entering the list of qualified suppliers of large photovoltaic components, the cooperative relationship between the two sides is stable and sustainable. Users tend to sell directly, and the share of inward sales increases year after year.
Intra-traders account for less than 1% of sales abroad, while traders are concentrated in Japan and Taiwan, mainly in relation to the nature of the end-user of the two regions, and customers generally conduct raw materials through their long-standing and well-known traders.
This trader is also a buy-out, and Fullet himself is not responsible for subsequent stock management. The main trading partners under this model are East and Electrical Cutting Clubs, Tetsu Technology Co. Ltd., Maru Red and Rural Business Clubs.
Clients ' income as a percentage of current operating income is generally around 3 to 5 per cent, which is relatively low, with the top five clients of the pre-2018 period, namely, Crystal Energy, the Source of Eastern Finance, Frett (601865): Plumbing glass taps, active product expansion, speed of performance, unstoppable.
Lungi shares, the Han China Group, Sichande, Xia Tian, the first five customers sold $748.861 million in the first half of 2018, accounting for 71.71 per cent of the total sales of glazing, and client concentration is increasing. In May 2019, Folet further deepened its cooperation with key clients by entering into a long-term sales contract with Lungi shares for the period July 2021, with a combined estimated sales volume of 161.6 million square metres.
With a total value of about RMB 4.25 billion, or 61.12% of the audited assets of RMB 6,954 million in 2018, these large, high-quality clients account for a steady and solid period of return. These large, high-quality clients account for an increasing proportion of steady income and profits for the company, and a steady period of return that is good for the company to develop and further expand its size, while allowing the component industries to grow.
Fort’s raw materials and fuels are mainly pure alkaline, quartz sand and petroleum fuel, gas, electricity, etc. In the procurement of raw materials, Ford has a stronger upstream supplier, depending on the company’s own size.
The company has a well-established system of vendor management and strictly follows the system, has a long-term and stable relationship of cooperation with qualified suppliers before entering into procurement contracts with them, and purchases from suppliers in the form of a continuous batch in accordance with the principles of “a combination of production orders and strategic reserves” and on the basis of customer orders and production business plans.
Strategic partnerships with suppliers to reduce the supply cycle of raw materials. Over the years, companies have developed and interdependent strategic partnerships with multiple suppliers to ensure a stable supply of raw materials.
Clients, therefore, have a shorter supply cycle, and most of them can give preference to Fullet, even at a more favourable price level. In contrast, Fullet is more concentrated in procurement, with larger purchases for stable suppliers, with 92,62495 million dollars for the top five suppliers in Fullet in 2018, representing 40.57 per cent of the total annual procurement, and a stable supply and distribution relationship provides a solid basis for Fulett to expand his own size to the business.
Production operations play an important role in facilitating long-term cooperation between industries up and down, while at the same time helping to reduce the search costs between customers and suppliers The source of financial prosperity and cooperation costs in the East and enhancing financial flexibility.
High-level management teams, which control the quality and cost of controlled products. The light glass industry, due to high technical, financial, and talent barriers, only a few large glass firms can compete in the market for such products.
In terms of cost control capacity, product quality stability, and product productivity, the level of product production is measured by the high level of corporate management, the experience of management teams, and the lead in corporate productivity. Most of the members of the Ford management team have more than 10 years of industry experience, strong business skills, professional experience, commitment, and team harmony.
Power and innovation put the quality and efficiency of corporate management at the forefront of the industry. And companies have good incentive mechanisms for managers, core team stability, high employee loyalty, good management of the company’s business direction, new business growth and growth, and strong support for corporate performance development.
Focus on asset turnover and strict control of business processes as a whole. For example, Ford focuses on the management of the entire production and sales business process. With regard to raw materials, the turnover rate is about 20 days, the turnover rate is faster. Security stores for different materials are usually set up for about half a month to one month, depending on the production plan and the material supply cycle, and the procurement reserve is usually based on different levels of secure inventory and procurement cycles, which effectively improves operational performance.
Strength and financial efficiency: in the case of inventory commodities, the company ' s products are largely produced in accordance with customer needs, according to the client ' s demand plan, scientific schedules, and there are generally few reserves, alleviating the financial pressure from the backlog; in the case of receivables, the turnover rate of receivables has been maintained at a high level at a time when operating income guarantees have been growing year by year, and companies have actively developed high-quality customers and recovered receivables
In terms of quality control, Ford has set up a dedicated quality management unit, which is a good quality control system.
The Department of Quality Management has established a quality control system consisting of a complete set of quality control documents and inspection systems, which has created a cadre of highly operational, experienced quality managers and inspectors, and has developed a complete control system for feed control, process control, plant closure, market feedback processing and accident tracking.
The programme works together with the production sector to improve the quality of the products.
The increase in the mechanization of lines has ensured the company’s strength in terms of safety, product stability, and has helped to improve the working environment of its employees and to improve the production and product production rate to ensure the stability of its products.
The main cost of raw materials is photovoltaic glass. The main raw material for photovoltaic glass is pure alkaline and rock sand, the main source of energy is electricity, natural gas, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Folett (601865). Direct materials and fuel power account for more than 80% of the cost of photovoltaic glass, the main determining factor in the cost of photovoltaic glass production, and direct labour and manufacturing costs are relatively small.
The impact of direct materials on the cost of photovoltaic glass, the unit consumption base of pure alkaline and quartz sand in glass products under current technological conditions, is stable, so that fluctuations in the unit cost of direct materials of a company's photovoltaic glass are usually caused by fluctuations in the price of the material. Pure-alkali prices are under pressure in the future, with insufficient incentive to increase.
Prices have declined since the beginning of April this year and continued to decline in July, until the beginning of the recovery to a level of stability in mid-July, when average prices have fallen to low levels in 2018, but overall, 16 years ago to date, the price of pure alkalis has fluctuated more sharply. According to statistics, in 2019, the total capacity of pure alkali production was 3,314 million tons, an increase of 1.2 million tons over 2018, an increase of 3.62 per cent over the same period, with a more balanced annual output, but stock and sales.
Volume changes are more marked, with large fluctuations in supply and demand, resulting in price fluctuations, with prices at current low levels indicating a high stock pressure, some firms in exchange for sales through price reductions, stock digestion for a period of time, near-term net base prices may not have rebounded, while the glass industry currently has only increased demand for photovoltaic glass, other household glass, floating glass, etc. due to coldness in the real estate sector
On the one hand, the company has a high-quality 18 million tons storage stock, and can stabilize the company’s supply of high-quality, low-priced quartz sands, which can be locked up at a higher cost.
In addition, we have a generally smaller company for the production of quartz sands, with more than 1,000 mining companies for the production of quartz sands, with fewer enterprises with an annual capacity of more than 1 million tons, more unprovoked intra-industry competition and a larger number of small- and medium-scale quartz sand factories, which makes the bargaining power of the suppliers of quarries and sands weak. But it is undeniable that the price of quartz sands has been on the rise for nearly a year or two, with the supply of ordinary rock sands at the lower and middle ends.
By contrast, high-quality, low-quality, ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore- ore.
Business purchases raw materials such as graphite sand from Cambodia and pure alkali from the United States.
Oil-type fuel prices are volatile, and manufacturers are looking for new alternative sources of energy. Fuel-powered cost companies are mainly natural gas, petrofuels, and electricity, where natural gas and electricity generally fluctuate as government-directed prices fluctuate, and oil-type fuel prices are associated with fluctuations in the price of fuel in the domestic market.
In order to minimize the impact of price fluctuations in the oil-type fuel industry on production costs, the Division ' s unit cost of fuel power caused fluctuations, including the efforts of many glass-producing enterprises in Fullet to find new alternative sources of energy, the country ' s gas reserves are abundant and price-stable and suitable for one of the effective alternative sources of energy for glass-producing enterprises, which can add natural gas to the fuel options, based on natural gas, gas, gas, gas, gas, gas, gas, gas, gas, gas, gas, gas, gas, gas, gas, etc.
The price benefits of oil-type fuels are greater than the choice of a suitable fuel product structure, thus mitigating the impact of large fluctuations in oil prices and reducing fuel costs. With regard to electricity, the country’s electricity supply has been relatively stable over the years, its electricity generation is adequate, prices are centrally regulated by government departments, and future electricity generation, such as photovoltaic wind, will mature and will decline further.
Figure 25: Trends in oil-type fuel prices from January 2018 to October 2019 Figure 26: Trends in gas prices from January 2018 to October 2019
FLET (601865): Photovoltaic glass taps, active expansion, rapid performance, and a wide range of channels for positive downturns. The company’s measures to improve production efficiency, phase out old production lines, use residual thermal power systems to generate residual power have also helped to further reduce unit production energy consumption and the cost of products.
Large-scale production lines can also play a greater role in increasing the efficiency of photovoltaic glass production and reducing unit energy consumption. Large-scale production, on the one hand, can spread fixed costs, depreciation of equipment, etc., and, on the other hand, can improve productivity, reduce energy consumption, increase energy efficiency and reduce fuel costs. Large-scale production can also facilitate the use of additional machinery and equipment to replace producers and increase the rate of uterineization of production, thereby reducing direct labour.
Overall, the production costs of photovoltaic glass are more affected by fluctuations in prices of raw materials and fuel power, and future cost reductions are less powerful, but Fullet still has some advantage. Fleight, as one of the two cotages of photovoltaic glass, has a greater bargaining power over suppliers and is more centralized in procurement, has a long-term and stable partnership with suppliers, and has a certain price advantage in material procurement.
Scaled production also allows Foret to have a greater advantage in productivity, thus helping to reduce costs. With the combined effect of scale effects and the advantage of raw material procurement, Foret is ahead of the cost of other manufacturers in the same industry, and the Māori rate is significantly higher than the industry average.
5.2 Energy investment contributes to higher performance, high supply and demand prices drive higher profits. There is a large gap in production capacity, which allows for a smooth shift from additional capacity to revenue. An analysis of the demand for and supply of photovoltaic glass in the preceding section shows that there is still a huge gap in the capacity of glass production, which Fulette can achieve by increasing production capacity in terms of market share, industry position, competitive advantage, etc.
In recent years, Fulrate has been steadily expanding its production, investing new capacity, and it is currently planned to continue to build new large production lines in Viet Nam and An Qing Fengyang, with capacity reaching 6290t/d, 7290t/d, 9690t/d in 2019 to 2021, respectively, which can be successfully converted into operating income and provide strong and sustained support and security for the company’s future performance.
Photovoltaic glass will continue to face supply constraints for some time to come, with a strong price and a steady increase in the price of light glass since the third quarter of 2018, which, on the one hand, raises demand in the light environment to fit well and the rise of two-bond components, on the other hand, does not change the capacity of light glass production in a short period of time, causing supply-stressed prices to rise. In the long run, the price of light glass will continue to rise.
High industry entry thresholds and already-formed double-head patterns also make the provision of photovoltaic glass less excessive in a short period of time, and the low cost drivers, both in terms of raw material prices and in terms of technological renewal, are insufficient, so that, for a long time to come, the price of the glass will be relatively strong, and the glazing industry will rise to a market environment of high prices.
At the time of the development of 5.3 ultra thin glass, which is a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Ford is actively promoting the development of high-end ultra thin glass, based on changing market demand, industry trends and his own development plans.
One of the salient disadvantages of the two-bond components is their heavy weight, which leads to high transport costs and limited roof bearings, while the thin glass can effectively reduce the weight of the two-bond components by about 20%, with far-reaching implications for the staircase, installation, transport, etc. industrial chains. The industry is now generally positive, with a certain premium.
6. Actively optimizing the product structure of floating glass and deep-processed industries, multi-business co-development, with the exception of photovoltaic glass from the company ' s core business, floating glass and the income from engineering and household glass from deep processing from floating glass have remained stable at around 30 per cent of the company ' s main operating income and has contributed significantly to the company ' s overall income.
Further processing can be used in a variety of areas, with broad market prospects, home-based glass and engineering glass being important factors of life and production and being widely applied in various areas, the most common of which is construction. 6.1 Floating glass has a lower rate of municipal ownership and a shift in product structure towards deep processing
A floating glass is a glass that is manufactured in a tin sink that enters the protected gas (n2 and h2) and is flat and free of water, clean and transparent, and unbroken in close structure. In addition, a floating glass belongs to the original glass, which can be further processed into home-based glass and other deep-processed glass products such as engineering glass.
The floating glass is a major product in the industry, the process is relatively simple, the market price is transparent and the value added of the product is low. The floating process currently produces more than 80% of the country's total flat glass production, leading to a greater supply of the floating glass than the demand, and a marked structural excess. To increase the value of the product, the company will produce the floating glass.
The original film was used to give priority to the production of products for deep processing of floating glass, resulting in final household and engineering glass for sale. Thus, most of the floating glass produced by the company was used for raw materials such as engineering glass, home glass, etc.: the surplus was sold as a product directly to other deep glass processing enterprises and wholesalers, resulting in a continuing decline in the share of floating glass revenues.
Figure 30: Deep Processed Glass Sales 2015-2018 Low Fullet Float Glass City, with Māori moving down year by year, has been developing deep processing to promote product structural optimization. Simple floating glass processes, high product homogenization, and high market competition after periods of overcapacity and price decline.
The differences are mainly reflected in the scale and internal management of production. The main enterprises in the country's floating glass industry are the trusty glass, the southern bob, the platinum, etc., which is quite different in size from that of Fullet, which has a relatively low market share and which has been largely declining over the last three years, and therefore Fulett is now making a major effort to optimize the product structure, continuously increasing the deep processing of floating glass and gradually moving to higher-end areas, with a view to increasing the rate of deep processing of floating glass.
6.2 Engineering glass actively develops clients, expands the low-e glass production line, binds the furniture glass camp to the right house, stabilizes performance.
Market growth has been flat, competition has been intense, the quality of products has been uneven and the overall supply has been greater than demand, while the middle- and high-end glass has been deeply processed The market, as a result of the upgrading of architecture, the development of high-end manufacturing, etc., the environmental performance of customers with regard to glass, the innovation of design, the sophistication of the process, the flourishing of Eastern finances, etc.
The demand for higher degrees, quality, etc., and the apparent customization of the products have led to a steady increase in demand in the country’s middle-level, deep-processed glass market, a marked underperformance in the country, and a greater profit margin than low-end products. The engineering glass market needs hot demand, and the low-e glass performance is superior.
At present, our construction energy consumption is about 30% or more of the total energy consumption in society, while construction windows are about 50% of the total energy consumption in buildings, and the engineering glass market is hot. The plating glass is currently recognized as the most energy-efficient window material in the country and abroad, and the more advanced products and technologies in the industry are silver-low-e, online-low-e, etc.
Actively developing customers, upgrading product structures, and upgrading low-e glass sales. In recent years, Fred has been actively developing downstream customers in the engineering glass area, working to increase the end volume, with business income rising. Meanwhile, 17 years have passed since the conversion of the former floating glass production line into the "100 000 tonnes of online low-e plating glass project" and further deep processing of floating glass, which has been completed and entered into 18 years.
In the pilot phase, the share of low-e glass sales is also increasing year by year. Low-low-e glass is low-cost, good performance, and can be produced directly on a large scale on the floating line. Moreover, low-cost product structural upgrading is possible. Low-e glass production processes are relatively lower than those of the engineering glass class.
It also benefits from quality control and production management of products, and the growth of the industry is driven by the increasing demand for home-based glass performance, which is used mainly for indoor and outdoor housing, household electricity, and decorating, as shown in figure 33H1 2015-2019.
As homes, offices, entertainment, etc., continue to improve, the demand for glass safety, energy efficiency, comfort, beauty and environmental protection has increased, and consumer demand has contributed to the rapid development of household glass.
For the last three years, home-based glass receipts have remained largely stable, with the main client being the ikea internationalgroup and its designated home-based oem manufacturer, which now accounts for about 60% of household glass operating income. The home-based home-owner is the world's largest furniture-house vendor, and the tied-up provider provides long-term stability for Ford.
7. Valuations and investments suggest a two-wheel drive between the warming of global photovoltaic markets and the rise of two-bond components, with the light glass being expected to yield medium- and long-term benefits, from 2019-2021.
The demand for photovoltaic glass is estimated at 557, 599 and 7.1 million tons, and there is a large gap in market supply based on current domestic production performance. Foret, one of the domestic two taps of photovoltaic glass, is widely recognized in the market and has a certain industry status, and is now able to produce 5290t/d, with annual light glass camp revenues of around $3.8 billion, a significant increase from last year, with performance of about 30% per year being achieved by 2020-2021.
In addition, the company’s active restructuring of floating glass and deep-processed business products and its efforts to raise the value-added ratio of deep-processed glass to low-e glass production will also contribute to the company’s overall operating income and to the growth of Maori.
East Hing Securities Co. reported Fullet (601865): Photovoltaic glass taps, active expansion, rapid performance, overwhelming view of the pattern of the photovoltaic glass industry and market demand, will continue to rise in the future, with “very recommended” ratings for the first time covered.
Photovoltaics are not predicted as much as expected; bipolar components are not as permeable as expected; companies are not able to release as expected; the price of photovoltaic glass is falling too precipitously; the source of financial prosperity in the East is Frett (601865): photovoltaic glass taps, active expansion, fast performance, unstoppable.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
FLET (601865): Vibrous glass taps, active expansion, fast-paced performance, unstoppable
Li Wanshan, Bachelor of Science in Nuclear Science and Engineering, Xianan Transport University, and Master of Science and Engineering in Nuclear Energy, Qinghua University, was employed at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of the Department of Environmental Protection to carry out a nuclear research assistant briefing or a view directly or indirectly related to it.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the said securities, and any investment made by the investors on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide services related to investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these publics.
This report shall not be subject to disproportionate quotations, deletions and modifications.