The copper mine has increased its profits, and the refining business is under short-term pressure with non-ferrous metals — industrial metals — 1.1 billion dollars, mainly due to the fall in copper concentrate processing fees.
Since November 2023, when the Panamanian copper mine was shut down, the production of new smelters has been concentrated and the supply of copper concentrates has become more intense. Even in large smelters, the share of copper concentrates alone has declined somewhat compared to previous years.
Fork, spot processing fees are below US$ 40/t and long single processing fees are US$ 21/tonne. The maximum/minimum price of the smelter is 52 weeks, all of which is profitable, and if part of the spot is used, the refining profit will be affected.
For the Jiangxi copper industry, the production of cathode copper was targeted at 2.37 million tons in 2025, estimated at 1.8 million tons in the first three quarters, with little pressure on production in the last four quarters. There is also some flexibility for companies to choose between copper concentrates and cold materials, and the pressure on processing fees is not expected to increase significantly in the last four quarters.
In addition, the company accounts for a loss of 780 million yuan in impairment of its assets for six months, most of which is a loss of inventory prices. As copper prices rebounded in three quarters, a portion of the three quarters was returned, and if copper prices remained high in four quarters, a portion of the inventory fell was transferred back.
The high cost of sales in three quarters is a seasonal feature. The cost of sales in the 2025q3 company is $360 million, which is significantly higher than the $20 million in the second quarter. The cost of sales in the last few years is significantly higher than in the other quarters.
Jiangxi Copper Industry (600362.sh) - The domestic copper industry is profitable, the foreign resources are more profitable, the price of precious metals is higher and the cost of copper is lower, the world's largest open-air tungsten mine is in production and is about to emerge from the low-water period, and the potential for profit is high, benefiting fully from the copper price.
In a cycle, the “better than the big market” rating is maintained. 2025q3 net profit return increased by 35 per cent on a year-on-year basis. 2025q3 operating income increased by $133.1 billion, or 94.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Since Panama ' s copper mine was shut down in November 2023, the global production of new smelters has become more intensive, and the supply of copper concentrates has increased. Even in large smelters, the share of copper concentrates has declined somewhat compared to previous years.
Twenty-one dollars per ton. All smelting plants use a single profit, and if they use part of the spot, the smelting profit will be affected. For the Jiangxi copper industry, the target for cathode copper production in 2025 is 2.37 million tons, the first three quarters are estimated to be 1.8 million tons, and there is little pressure on production in the fourth quarter.
In addition, the company accounts for a six-monthly loss of $780 million in impairment of its assets, most of which is stock loss. With billions of dollars, if copper prices remain high in the fourth quarter, a portion of the inventory will still fall and be transferred back.
The high cost of sales in the third quarter is a seasonal feature. The sale cost of the 2025q3 company is $360 million, which is significantly higher than the second quarter of the year of the second quarter of the year. The cost of sales in the previous few years was significantly higher than in the other quarter of the company.
The company's main business is copper mining and copper smelting, and the main factors affecting the company's profitability are copper prices and copper concentrates, mineral processing fees, and we're doing a sensitivity analysis of profit projections using two variables: copper prices and copper processing fees.
They assumed copper prices of $85,000 per ton in 2026 and copper concentrate processing fees of -$10 per ton. When we cited different copper prices and copper concentrate processing fees, the company ' s net profit in 2026, tons) and copper concentrate processing fees of US$ 25/-10/-10 per ton (original value US$ 25/0/0/ton) were expected to return to the mother.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and that the results of the analysis are based on the results of the analysis of the results of the study.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author