The difference in interest rates continues to widen. The company’s four-quarter failure rates are up, but the overall wind is tight and tight.
A strong risk-resilient base, followed by attention to changes in asset quality. Maintains a higher rating.
Quarterly (29.5%) continues to rise. Corporate net profits increased by 17.7% year-on-year, less than the rate of increase in revenue, mostly due to increased company provision to enhance risk resilience.
4.4 per cent, expected to improve performance as the pressure on the readjustment of the operations is eased. Increased levels of retail credit investment, pressure on the cost of inter-operability liabilities to cushion the cost of hedge deposits, further increase over the three quarters of the first quarter of the company, based on our measurement of the four quarter of the end of the corporate period.
19bp. Lower end-of-debt, broad-currency interest rates ease the cost pressure of corporate co-liabilities, and we measure the end-of-end cost ratio of corporate liabilities at 13bp below the end of the fourth quarter. At the end of the quarter, the rate of credit release slowed slightly, with credit increasing at less than 3 seasons (27.2%).
Levels (31.8 per cent), but the credit structure continues to be adjusted, retail lending has increased, retailing at the end of the year The Shanghai Bank ' s non-performing lending rate of 6bp to 1.14 per cent over the four-quarters ratio has remained low in absolute terms in the industry.
Large. At the end of the season, the proportion of loans of concern declined by 3 bp to 1.86%, compared to the end of the six-month period; the ratio of loans over 90 days of overdue/non-performing loans rose by 17 percentage points to 79% compared to the end of the six-month period, and was considered to be very strict overall.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. has exceeded expectations in terms of asset quality.
I'm so excited, I'm so excited, I'm getting better, I'm getting better, I'm getting better.
Shanghai Bank performed well in 2018, growing by 32.5% year-on-year, increasing at a higher rate than in the previous three quarters (29.5%, yoy), and we expect the company’s excellent performance to be affected by improved interest differentials in addition to the low base factor for the same period in 2017. The company’s annual net profit increased by 17.7% year-on-year, lower than the growth rate, and slower than in the previous three quarters (22.5%, yoy), mainly due to macroeconomics in 2019.
In the context of increased uncertainty, companies manage countercyclically and increase their provision to enhance their resilience to risk. Companies make pre-rearing payments, retail credit is invested more vigorously, peer debt costs are under pressure to cushion the cost of hedge deposits up, Shanghai Bank has a year-round interest gap of 1.76%, a marked increase over the previous six months (1.55%); according to our calculations, the company has a four-quarter caliber at the end of its initial period.
The single-season interest differential is further increased by 19bp over the third quarter, and the spread is influenced by both the negative and the negative. At the end of the quarter, due to the higher share of corporate inter-operability liabilities, 41% of total inter-operability liabilities (including inter-operability settlements deposits) and 41% of total liabilities at the end of the quarter, in a broad monetary environment where interest rates ease the cost pressure on corporate co-operability liabilities, and we measure the upturn in savings costs, which we measure at the beginning of the fourth quarter.
At the end of the asset side, the company’s four-quarter credit ring increased by 2.0%, less than the rate of expansion of the asset size The structure continued to adjust, the company increased its retail lending investment, which rose by 4 to 33% at the end of the year compared to the end of the six months, and consumer loans with higher returns increased by 4 to 19% compared to the end of the six months.
The Shanghai Bank has a negative loan rate of 6 bp to 1.14 per cent over the previous four quarters, but the firm ' s negative rate is still at an absolute low level in the industry. According to our estimates, the negative yield of the company ' s write-off in the fourth quarter is 1.39 per cent, up 44 bp from the same year, and the firm ' s bad rate is higher. At the end of the fourth quarter, loans of concern decreased by 3 bp to 1.86 per cent compared to the end of the six-month period; the ratio of loans/unperforming loans over 90 days was increased by 17 at the end of the six-month period.
The probability of a significant deterioration in the quality of the company’s assets is low, given the firm’s more stringent negative perception and regional economic advantages. The company’s provision coverage is 11.8 to 333% higher than in the third quarter, and is at a higher level in the industry, with a solid base.
According to the annual report, Shanghai Bank’s performance was impressive, the cost pressures on the beneficiary liability and the restructuring of the credit structure continued to widen the corporate interest gap. The company’s four-quarter downside rate was up, but the overall winds were tight and the base of the firm was strong in terms of risk resistance, followed by trends in asset quality. Given the positive impact of corporate restructuring on interest differentials, we changed the size of our firm by 19/20 ps to 20 ps.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the operation of the real economy and the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy goes below expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
The economy is uncertain, and follow-up still requires close attention to the dynamics of the economy.