According to the 1st quarterly report, banks in Shanghai continue to register high revenues and performance of fees and fees. The company’s 4th quarter has seen an upswing in poor performance, with an increased level of negative recognition, but the overall wind is tight and a solid base is in place.
Resilient. Maintenance of a higher rating. Continued optimization of a negative funding structure, an upswing in poor generation rates, a high increase in revenue collection and a positive recovery in fees and fees.
The net profits of the Shanghai Bank increased by 14.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis during the first quarter of the year, with higher pre-harvest and pre-arrangement profit performance being maintained, and the effect being to switch, we added net interest income, investment gains, gains and losses on fair value, exchange gains and losses, combined realized income by 48.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and by 7.5 pct over 18 years (41.4 per cent) per quarter.
The improvement in revenue from fees was evident, with the rate of revenue from fees returning to 10.6 per cent (vs 2018 - 4.4 per cent). Companies continued to increase their provision capacity in the first quarter to enhance their resilience to risk, with the provision increasing by 99.2 per cent over the same period.
The company’s credit ring increased by 4.81% in the first quarter, maintaining a faster rate of release than the expansion of assets (1.66%, qoq) and the allocation of resources in favour of credit. Debt-end deposits continued to perform well, with a higher ratio of one quarter to the next, and it is expected that the first quarter will continue to benefit from lower interest rates on funds in a broad-currency environment.
However, it should be noted that, in the first quarter of the year, when the ratio of deposits increased while the cost of debt remained relatively low, we measured the end-of-calibre end-of-life cost at a rate of 1 bp above the four quarters of the period, and expected the cost of deposits to rise in the first quarter.
The Shanghai Bank ' s non-performing loan rate for the first quarter was between 5bp and 1.19 per cent above, but the absolute level was still low in the industry, and we measured a negative production rate of 1.75 per cent for the first quarter, an increase of almost 1 percentage point from 2018.
In view of the weak asset-end pricing capacity of companies in 2019 in the context of the increase in the credit supply, improved interest differentials, qualification for portfolio investment consulting business, promotion of agnosticity,
The Shanghai Bank publishes the 19th Quarterly report, with net profits increasing by 14.1 per cent in the first quarter of 2019 on a year-on-year basis, with total assets of 2.06 trillion yuan (+12.19 per cent, yoy/+1.66 per cent, qoq) at the end of the 1st quarter, of which loans +23.50 per cent yoy/+4.81 per cent qoq; deposits +15.30 per cent yoy/+4.57 per cent qoq.
The rate of increase in revenue from fees and charges remained high, and the rate of increase in net profits from banks in Shanghai increased by 14.1 per cent in the first quarter of 2019, with higher levels of profit performance in the period prior to collection and provision being 42.2 per cent/49.4 per cent, respectively, compared to almost 7 pct/10pt in 2018. The rate of increase in net interest earned by companies in the first quarter of the year was 15.0 per cent, and the rate of increase was higher in 2018.
Slowing down, but it needs to be noted that the introduction of the new Financial Instrument Guidelines in 2019, in order to eliminate the impact of the changeover in accounting standards, we added the net income investment return gains/losses on fair value, exchange gains/loss items, with a 48.9 per cent increase in income realized in the fourth quarter of the same year, and 7.5 percentage points higher than in 2018 (41.4 per cent).
In the context of the overall pressure relief, the rate of revenue from fees has returned to 10.6 per cent (vs 2018 - 4.4 per cent). Companies have continued to increase their provision in the first quarter to strengthen their resilience to risk, increasing the provision by 99.2 per cent over the same period, resulting in net profits rising by 3.6 percentage points over the same period compared to 2018.
At the asset end, the corporate credit ring increased by 4.81 per cent in the first quarter over the fourth quarter, the credit was kept faster than the expansion of the asset size (1.66 per cent, qoq) and the asset end resource allocation was biased towards credit. At the same time, the company continued to push for an optimal retail credit structure, improved pricing management, and a one-quarter retail asset return increased by 27bp compared to 2018.
At the end of the first quarter of the year, the level of corporate liability was almost at the same level as at the end of 2018, and it was expected that the first quarter would continue to benefit from lower interest rates on funds in a broad currency environment and that the cost of corporate liability would be relatively stable. However, it should be noted that the first quarter of the year of deposits was up to 1 bp, with an expected increase in the cost of deposits in the first quarter.
There is little room for improvement in the expected interest differentials. The Shanghai Bank’s negative loan rate for the first quarter was between 5bp and 1.19% above, but the firm’s negative rate remains at an absolute low level in the industry, and we measure the negative rate of production for the second quarter of the write-off by companies at 1.75%, an increase of almost 1 percentage point from 2018, which we consider to be bad for the company.
According to the 1st quarterly report, banks in Shanghai continue to register higher revenues and better performance on fees. The company’s four-quarter bad rate is up, with stronger recognition, but the overall control is tight and the base of provision is strong enough to withstand risk. Given the background of the increase in credit supply in 2019, the economy’s downside leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
If the economy is expected to go below expectations, the quality of the assets in the banking sector is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector. The current trade friction between Central America and the US is continuing, macroeconomic uncertainties remain, and follow-up developments in the economy need to be closely monitored.