Do you think it's worth looking at it in the long term with a software-defined car perspective?
The shift from a “pure hardware” to a “hardware-plus” profit model, and the transformation of industry chain leaders (like apples to Nokia) will be followed by a re-engineering of supply chain patterns.
How does the software define cars? In the future, cars can be simplified into four main modules: one-car smart plus one-car smart coupled with a smart cabin plus basic hardware. The vehicle 's quadrupling drive the core barrier of the future car from "engine + transformer" to "data portal." The ability of the data portal to capture the core is to be able to do so.
Whether to create an experienced smart network product for consumers, which requires an upgrade of the e/e architecture to support it. e/e architecture upgrades include hardware architecture upgrades plus software architecture upgrades plus communications architecture upgrades.
Tesla has achieved a chip-system-arithmetic-data-closing development model to lead the industry. How does the software define a new division of labour in the industrial chain below automobiles? In the future, the overall changes in the vehicle supply chain: 1) The hardware supplier industry has declined and the software supplier industry has risen. 2) The software level is available.
The response chain will move gradually from openness to proper closure. 3) The hardware-level supply chain will continue to be highly open.
At the independent level; at the global level, Gpu's leader, Ying Weida, and the Intel-back Autonomy array, which is expected to quickly break into the first array; at the second stage, domestic intelligent driving of the new sharp horizon of the ai chip, cloud-side coverage of the ai's emerging cold martial arts, etc.; and at the traditional automobile electronics vendor.
And other potential entrants are in the third array.
Adventure roles, and growth paths at the core of the industry chain are tied to the core players, and they grow. In the light of the software's definition of a car, it's important that Desecway choose to work in close collaboration with Yvetteda. As a common-ai chip tap, Yvesta supports not only the integration of sensors at the end of the vehicle, but also the provision of data on the various sensors.
And a neutral third party, with the most abundant ecological resources, offers a chip platform-type product to the outside world, which is the preferred option for the mainstream.
One of the six world-designated partners has now started to promote the use of the performance caps 2020-04-28 adas product on Little Pap7. With the advantage of tickets in the smart cabin area, Desai can use it.
British Weida works to extend the value of the adas meso-arith-system layer over time and to create higher barriers that provide a vast space for long-term development.  Investment proposal: the focus of autopilot in this round will shift from hardware to software, i.e., a chip company.
With the growing importance and awareness of the business, and the opportunity for the development of the industry chain, and the British Weida and its collaborations, do cars have a history of re-enacting smartphones? Mobile phones have changed from hardware to software-driven, from "pure hardware" to "hardware plus software services"
The shift in profit patterns, with apples replacing Nokia as the leader of the industrial chain, has brought about a significant change in the supply chain. We believe that changes in mobile phones may be repeated in the area of automobiles, with similarities. 1) The same point: from hardware to software, product renewal cycles accelerate.
2) Different points: Cars are always safe and appliance is not as strong as mobile phones. Cars are much more complex than mobile phones and have a wider and deeper impact on society. We simplify cars and compared them to mobile phones: 1) Vehicle hardware (the basic hardware function of mobile phones) includes electricity.
Battery control + interior and interior accessories/car body/floor plate. 2) Smart cabin (cell screens + various app applications) includes medium screen/mechanical/backboard entertainment/backview mirrors, etc. 3) Road coordination (cell network function) includes end-of-cycle communication module t-box/road end communication equipment/remote cloud end. 4) Single-car intelligence (mobile phone processor/operation system/micromail function).
The maximum incremental value of cars in the future will come from the revenue from software services. 1) For example, Apple phones have a business income of $10,000. Assuming a future 100% configuration of the package, this means that Tesla will have a 17.1% share of the revenue from software services and will continue to upgrade its autopilot function in the future, and the price of the package is expected to rise in the future.
Figure 2: The proportion of software services in apple harvests continues to rise. Figure 3: The proportion of software services in apples continues to rise, for example, in the case of Apple phones, which removes all hardware from software from the cost structure of the first generation of iphones.
By way of historical upgrades, the cost increases are more evident mainly in: 1) screen/touch; 2) camera; 3) memory; 4) pm/ui/mech. In the case of automobile hardware, we believe that the marginal changes in costs are evident in: 1) battery/electric/electrical take-up of traditional motors/transformations; 2) the value of intelligent cabins; 3) various types of sensors/chips/recoveries of one-car intelligence; and so forth;
4) Implementation end upgrade; 5) t-box. 2. How does the software define cars? 2.1. The core barrier to future cars is the data entry
Traditional cars are a vertical industrial chain, “parts and components a whole factory-distributors-consumers” simple and efficient. Cars reach consumers in the form of “products.”
The core barrier to building products through structural understanding is how to construct a highly sophisticated and complex machine, which is built into a system that is based on the need to ensure quality in large-scale manufacturing. In the past 110 years, automobile manufacturers have undergone a change in the form of hand-manufacturing a large-scale stream of water-produce-moderated production.
China’s automobile market is the largest and most involved market in the world, and we often see a strange phenomenon in which car companies, on the one hand, want to increase price increases by providing consumers with new value-added content through technological innovation.
Price premiums, on the other hand, in order to make product replacements cheaper and more expensive so as to capture a larger share, have followed the popular “bot-baby” modular strategy, which has led to a situation of increasing homogenization and continuing price wars.c (web-connected)a (smart)s (shared)e (electricized) revolution, the time has come.
There is a need to create “new” car products or services for consumers through major transformations. The case revolution is also a new four-way car, with different strategic rankings for major cars, but the root causes are to capture the core barriers to the future: the data portal.
Entertainment + shopping + navigation, etc.) has also led to constant price increases and a change in the industrial chain (from Nokia to Apple). The combination of the "genuine revolution + atmospheric pollution + Internet information technology" has driven cars towards a four-way approach. This will result in the research work of Wang Xiaoming, Director of the Central Department of Industrial Economic Research.
Despite the changes in the pattern of the division of labour in the industrial chain, the essence is how car companies can build a communication path with consumers and can serve them well, and eventually consumers are willing to pay for their products or services. In the traditional car industry chain, the whole factory is focused on good products, product-centred, plus the maintenance of a network of brand marketing and distributors, and so on with consumers.
But as the Internet information age drives, consumer demand for products is changing rapidly, cars are difficult to respond quickly, and, with the energy revolution catalyzing alternative electric fuels, the core barriers of the old engine + transformer will also be broken, forcing car companies to change. Case revolutions will make cars like mobile phones into mobile data.
Terminals, owner and vehicle data are accessible, creating higher value-added services for consumers based on big data analysis, and the nuclear problem is who gets access to car data portals (car-borne information portals +v2x information portals), which is where the core barriers to future automobiles’ industrial chains lie.
2.2. Data entry control is dependent on e/e architecture upgrades. Future cars, with a large number of sensors/processors and an increasing number of human interactions, can generate large amounts of data, mainly in the six main categories of manoeuvring, use, performance, working conditions, interaction, environment.
In order to share, car accident data (including manoeuvring, usage, condition, performance data), user data (or interactive data), map data (or environmental data). Car accident data are important for vehicle quality, technological upgrading, post-market maintenance, and subsequent model development. Environmental data can be used to improve the accuracy of maps and achieve real-time updates to meet advanced levels.
The autopilot phase requires high-precision map data. User-to-car interactions generate a large amount of user data on entertainment, socialization, shopping, etc. that can be used to provide value-added services to users.
And the question is, what is the power of the core players in the future car chain? Traditional car companies/new car forces/tech giants?
/Traditional Tier1 and others are still at the stage of a dynamic game. The central thread of this game is: who can take the lead in an upgrade of a car's electronic and electrical structure (e/e architecture)?
The software defines cars so that they can capture the core data of users and vehicles. Tesla sets the industry poles for e/e architecture upgrades, but its patterns are not replicable. The Teslae/e hardware architecture has been developed into a centralized architecture, i.e. ccm + three main areas.
cccm (automatic driving and recreational control module) is the maximum decision-making module for the entire vehicle, while the area controller is divided according to the location of the vehicle and is mainly under the unified command of the ccm command, as distinct from the reference to the domain controller (with multiple decision-makers in the vehicle as a whole). The data collected is processed by the ccm, the decision-making and the coordinated operation of the implementing agencies is directed.
According to the technocrat's cold-blooded public number, the e/e architecture hardware module of Model3 consists mainly of autopilot and entertainment control modules (ccm, made up of chips like fsd) and three body area controllers, bcm front/left/right. ccm is the top decision maker of the entire car, taking over all the sensors associated with the auxiliary driving.
Cameras, millimetre waves, radars, etc., and managing the core controls. The front body controller, because of its position, is primarily responsible for the implementation of autopilot modules, cabin modules, compressors and front lights, etc.; the right body controller, which is responsible for airbag control, 12 ultrasound berth radars, heat management, twist control, etc.; the left body controller, which is responsible for internal lights, rear power.
Machine control, charger modules, etc. Figure 7: Model3 controllers primarily responsible for units hardware architecture: fsd chip is an important part of hardware upgrade. fsd chip arithmetic 72tops.
36w, energy consumption is better than 2tops/w than the previous-generation program based on Anveta. fsd is the soc isomer chip, i.e. includes isp+cpu+gpu+2 npu. npu provides arithmetic for neural network processors, at npu 36tops. The chip is certified only for aecq-100 and not for functional security Iso262.
The central computing platform uses two fsd chips for cross-checking and, if the processing results are consistent, is implemented and recalculations are performed if they are not consistent to achieve safe redundancy.
Upgraded. 1) Degradation coupling: Tesla does not follow a function-based software development model, but rather a distribution model for shared resources, where all perception data can serve all upper-level applications, software and hardware decoupling, which helps to achieve the ota upgrade. Perceptive data are fully utilized to effectively reduce the need for hardware resources. 2) Open-source software platform: Tesla does not take advantage of it.
The intermediate software architecture of the autosar, led by the traditional auto mainframe plant, uses the open source software platform, which operates on the basis of deep-level modifications of the linux system, as well as an open-source software architecture for the in-depth learning framework and back-office. 3) Users develop a component: with the advent of the artificial intelligence age, the software has evolved from an engineer's stacking mode to data.
The driver model, where the annual sales of Tesla smart cars are already at an initial scale, the user is a part of the development, which is constantly enriching the database, which allows for ongoing bug restoration and software optimization and new functionality imports throughout the life cycle. While the traditional mainframe plants have a large annual base of production, the smart car base is almost zero, and the traditional mainframe’s data are at a disadvantage.
Communication structure: Model3 begins partial application of the Ethernet, with redundancies achieved by ring connections between core controllers. Model 3 communications network uses both the Ethernet and the traditional Can/lin bus, where ccm is connected through the Ethernet, where his controller is connected to ccm mainly based on the traditional bus network.
The traditional car industry chain is also mimicking Tesla's upgrading path, but it varies slightly. The traditional car e/e architecture upgrades lead to: 1) hardware architecture upgrades. Upgraded paths are distributed (modular integration), domain concentration (domains).
Control of centralized cross-domain integration), centralized (car-mounted computer-cloud computing). The benefits are: increasing the utilization rate and reducing the overall need for arithmetic design; harmonizing data interactions to achieve full vehicle functional synergy; reducing the beams, reducing failure rates, and reducing quality. 2) software architecture upgrades. Standard interface definitions are provided through software structures such as autosar, modularization
Designed to enable software/hardware decoupling and separation of hardware and software design; the classicautosar architecture is gradually moving towards a mix of cassic autosar and daptiveautosar. The benefits are: software/solidware ota upgrades, soft real time of software architecture, portable operating systems; and data information multifunctional applications are taken to effectively reduce hardware demand.
Realization of software defined vehicles. 3) Communications architecture upgrades. The backbone of the vehicle network is developed from the lin/can bus towards the Ether. The benefits are: to meet high-speed transmission, high flux, low delay, etc., while also reducing installation, 2.3.e/e architecture upgrades require closed loop software development models.
A smartphone-like growth path can be used to analyze the current changes in cars, where apples and Andres in the field have emerged: Tesla or Apple, waymo or Andre, but the pattern is still far from stable. From cell phones and Tesla, we can see the future of the e/e architecture upgrade, industry.
The four most important links in the chain are: chip-a system-a data. Tesla undoubtedly chooses the vertical integration model, the chip-system-a algorithm is all done by itself, and the closed-ring development model is achieved by real-time uploading of the master data of the vehicle, which accelerates at an all-time rate.
Taxi services, behind which Google hopes to replicate the success of the Andre system in the future. It's too early to draw conclusions about success. Other traditional car companies/new car forces are mostly based on algorithms. Chips rely on traditional car chips (inflying/Njipur/Risa, etc.) or mobileye or mobileye.
At the system level, Weida, because the need for intelligentness is not high, car firms/suppliers based on qnx, linux systems or Andre systems directly apply substrate modifications to cars. 3. How does the software define a new division of labour in the vehicle’s industrial chain?
Over the past 110 years, hardware based on mechanical principles has dominated the construction of the car’s supply chain. Externally, we have seen a very rigorous pyramid-based supply chain system, with the entire factory occupying the upper end of the pyramid, subcontracting down to a hierarchy, and the supplier’s role, which can be traced if there is a quality problem.
The automobile industry has been plagued by how automobile companies find a balance between meeting the diverse needs of consumers and maximizing the impact of scale. From a large amount of hand-produced production methods - flexible production methods - platformed production methods, each replacing it with more efficient production and lower costs.
Increasing the profitability of enterprises also leads to a gradual shift from a closed to an open system of auto supply chains. Modularized mass production over the past 110 years has had a significant impact on the automobile supply chain by driving the car supply chain from a closed to an open one, i.e., the parts enterprise has a direct relative equality of voice with the entire car factory.
Toyota, in the wake of the 2008 economic crisis, restructured the organizational structure to open up the supply chain. In the next 10 to 50 years, auto product attributes will be dominated by software, which will inevitably be associated with supply chain systems.
The core direction of the change is to: 1) the declining position of the hardware supplier industry and the rising position of the software supplier industry, corresponding to a change in cost composition. 2) The software-level supply chain will move from openness to proper closure, i.e., the future real-powered car company will recover its own software voice and will not allow black boxes with too much technology to be held in the hands of the supplier. 3)
In terms of industry patterns, automobile software is still in the early stages of the industry, with its pattern and instability. Tesla has set the industry pole, with a large number of new entrants, and a variety of players. It's similar to the mobile phone industry chain, which we think is a chip/operational system.
In view of current industry developments, the chip or pattern is relatively stable and in the heart of the industry. The Teslavsd chip is self-researching, leading the industry, and it is independent; the global gpu field uses one dragon, Yin Weida, and the intel-backed car, the chalk, mobileye; it's technology.
Robust self-constructed ecosystems are in array 1.5 and are expected to break into array 1 rapidly; domestic smart-driving ai chip is in array 2; new sharp horizons, cloud-side coverage of the ai ' s emerging cold martial arts are in array 2; traditional car electronics manufacturers and other potential entrants are in array 3.
The Tesla self-research fsd programme is a stand-alone one. Main advantages: due to its self-researching, specialized chip development based on demand, reduction of unnecessary hardware and software modules, 1) reduction of the research and development cycle and reduction of the research and development design workload; 2) promotion of energy efficiency ratio; 3) user-driven R & D optimization. Main disadvantages: 1) ecological isolation, with only internal development and making
The cost of software and hardware development is difficult to amortize on a large scale. Mobileye and Yvetteda are in the first array. The products of the two companies will hardly be on the right track until level one three arrives.
In the medium-to-long term, the pre-research market in British Weida is very strong and powerful, and the advantages are even more pronounced. Nivida is part of the 1st array, and is the leader of the universal ichi chip, occupying the level 1 and above market.
The solution for chip-level products, rather than chip-plus algorithms, is the preferred option for the joint venture brand. The main advantage is (a) a neutral trio, the richest ecological system. Positioning the tier2 chip provider, providing a chip or development platform with the best software tool chain and application ecology; (b) high numeracy (but still to be raised), and (c) high Xaier chip 30tops
2.5 tops in the eyeq4, orin chips 200 tops above Eyeq5 24 tops; 3) support the integration of sensor data by providing the integration of sensors such as camera + radar; 4) provide cloud services, which are expected to optimize data acquisition. Main disadvantages: gpu common chips, with a large number of non-essential hardware and software modules.
1) Cost is expensive and waste of resources, followed by a rapid decline in expected postpartum levels; 2) Energy efficiency is poor, followed by product development with more dla depth learning accelerator modules, and energy efficiency is expected to improve. Mobileye is part of the 1st array, back-to-back with Intel, and occupies markets up to and including Level 1.2, and chip plus algorithms are tied up
One solution. Main advantages: 1) experienced & reliable quality, with products already loaded, of high quality and fit; 2) client resources are most abundant, with the majority of mainframe and Tierl-level suppliers in the country and abroad being their clients; 3) price is more reasonable. Main disadvantages: 1) higher computing is significantly lower than that of other manufacturers, with the latest Eyeq5 being the most robust.
The value is only 24 tops, while the market believes that the calculus requirement is above 30 tops, and that the later chip is based only on an upgrade of the vmp, which increases or is difficult to sustain, or because it is highly customized to the visual field, reduces unnecessary hardware and hardware Resources, which are not very strong but still meets demand; 2) Black box patterns limit user innovation, algorithms and chip bundles
Selling, or providing customized services to customers, on a smaller scale, is widely popular at the initial stages of low mainframe software development capacity, but as development capacity increases, the flexibility to sell as one is less flexible makes it difficult for customers to make different products. According to the planning eyeq5, or the open integration algorithm, the perception algorithm is not mentioned.
China is in the 1.5th array and is expected to move rapidly into the 1st array with strong technological strength, mainly targeting the L2+ and above market, in a mode similar to that of the Nvidia, and is currently offering platform-type products (development platform) instead of a solution, which is a national product card preference.
End-to-end 1tops/w (chip level 2tops/w); 2) support for the integration of sensors; 3) China is a whole technology, strong, and the ecosystem is expected to improve rapidly, with a view to providing cloud services for the rapid establishment of rich ecological systems from bottom chips, operating systems, application algorithms, 5g, cloud computing services, etc.) and to optimize data.
At the end of the year or so: 2) The current state of the ecosystem is still weak than the British State, so China is now a vast circle of friends, relying on the advantages of many fields to build large ecosystems; 3) the client has yet to question or influence the collaboration of his “no car.” The horizon is a powerful 2nd array, with a model similar to mobileye, which provides essentially solutions-type products to the outside world.
(chips plus algorithms), untied, the ai chip was installed in the long Anuni-t cabin in 2020. Auto-driveed chips have not yet been loaded on a volume product, and the current phase is mainly aimed at Level 1-2 and below, providing external chips plus algorithms.
Trust; 2) National chips, domestic preferences. Main disadvantages: 1) low numeracy, no eco-rich, creative, etc., at this stage; 2) no functional security certification has been passed and no autopilot chips have been produced.
A variety of business models are available to the smart car industry, with cloud-side products supplied to car companies/tier1 data centres or to cloud service providers; peripheral products supplied to government customers for use in road collage equipment; marginal/end-products supplied to mainframe plants, etc.; 2) home-grown chips, domestic preferred, neutral third parties.
No eco-rich, creative, etc.) have yet to pass functional security certification. 4. Software defines how cars are growing down from Texas.
Many of the world’s well-known auto parts and components enterprises (represented by Bosch). The shift from hardware to software, leading to a change in the division of labour in the industrial chain, will change the growth path of the parts and components industry? We believe that the bottom logic is not to mutate, but to change external forms.
In other words, if there is any problem in the car, the company will be able to follow the supply chain to find out what the problem is.