Medium Micro Company (688012): Continued high etching, thin membrane Wu Wenji Finance: etching + mocvd equipment-driven annual average increase of > 35%
Products: etching + thin film + volume testing, now covering about 33% of integrated circuits Market: China mainland has $30 billion per year of crystal mills set up over the next four years Investment ready, national production accelerated
Finance: The annual rate of growth of the etching +mocvd power-drivers is greater than 50 per cent, the annual average of the collection of 24h1 corrosion equipment is 2,698 million yuan, compared with 56.68 per cent, or 78.26 per cent. The company's plasma etching has been used in bulk to produce production lines and advanced seals from 65 nanom to 14 nanom, 7 nanom and 5 nanom, and more advanced integrated circuits, for first-line customers, both inside and outside the country.
Production lines, with a significant increase in the volume of additional payments for high-end products of critical etching processes in advanced logic and storage, an increase in sales of ccp and icp etching equipment, and a significant increase in the market share of the main domestic customer chip production line. Additional purchase orders for 24h1 etching equipment amount to $3.94 billion, compared to +50.7%, of which icp opens up. Process coverage is progressing well, such as ultra-high width versus mask, hyper-high width versus medium etching, crystal edge bevel etching.
>mocvd devices expand the market for carbonated silicon and nitrous potassium base power devices from the blue green light-led market. In 2020-2023, mocvd plants received $4.96/5.03.700/462 million, respectively, with income fluctuations mainly due to fluctuations in the end market. >mocd devices achieved revenue of $152 million, compared to 49.04 per cent, mainly because companies maintained an absolute lead in the production line of green light and Mini-led industrialization of the end market, which has been declining for almost two years.
The company follows the opportunities of market development in mocvd, actively layout the market for applications of carbonated silicon and potassium nitrogen base power devices, and has made good progress in the development of specialized mocvd equipment in the micro-led and other visible fields, with several new mocvd products on the market already delivered and to be shipped. >Blind equipment is activated, etching + thin film + volume testing covers about 33% of integrated circuit equipment.
In terms of the development of film deposition equipment, the company has now entered the market with a number of new equipment products, some of which have received duplicate orders, and several of its key film deposition equipment development projects are well under way. The company ' s tungsten-coverable storage devices for the tungsten series of tungsten-film sediment products have all been applied and a number of logical and storage customers have certified the cvd/har/aldw tungsten equipment and obtained customer orders.
To meet the electrical and reliability needs of the silicon-extension growth process in the client’s advanced process. By investing in the layout of optical detection devices, the company plans to develop electronic beam detection devices, which will continue to expand the coverage of multiple detection devices.
The company is currently working on six types of equipment, more than 20 new equipment development, and 24h1 research and development investment of 970 million yuan, an increase of about 510 million yuan over the same period the previous year, representing a significant increase of 110.84 per cent. The company continues to target the world's technological frontier, pursue a three-dimensional development strategy, focus on integrated circuits, key equipment areas, expand opportunities to apply and explore other emerging areas in the field of essential equipment in the pan-conductor sector, in the form of corrosion equipment, membrane sedimentation equipment,
Over the next four years, China’s mainland will maintain annual investment in 30-billion-dollar crystallized mill equipment, and national production replacements will accelerate. The rate of national production of semiconductor equipment, broken down by products, will be high.
See, the highest rate of domestic production is deglution equipment, which has reached more than 90%; thermal treatment, etching equipment, cleaning equipment, which has reached about 20%; cmp, pvd equipment, which has reached about 10%; and mass detection equipment, coating equipment, which is gradually moving from 0 to 1. The process of nationalization of semiconductor equipment has accelerated with export restrictions and code additions abroad. According to Semi, the market for equipment in the pre-global integrated circuits in 2023 was about $95 billion, including mainland China.
To become the world’s largest market for integrated circuit equipment, with a 35% ratio, mainland China will continue to lead global crystalwork plant equipment spending over $30 billion per year over the next four years, driven by government incentives and chip national production policies. In 2022, the ratio of investment in semiconductor equipment in the circular chain was about 23/22/13%, and the demand and value of these three types of equipment will increase in the future as the demand for advanced processes rises.
It will increase further, with companies now covering about 33% of integrated circuit equipment, and as research and development projects move forward, the coverage of integrated circuit equipment is expected to continue to increase. Source risks, investment risks, and insufficient investment in research and development will result in the risk of technology being overtaken or replaced.
In the first half of 2024, the profits: the company ' s net profit to its mother in 2023 was 1.79 billion yuan (of which the net gain from the sale of a portion of the equity tax was $406 million), compared to the same year in 2022, mainly due to the company ' s significant increase in research and development efforts to fill the short cutboard as soon as possible.
The higher share resulted in lower combined Māori rates, and the subsequent significant increase in the share of corrosion equipment in the company led to a significant increase in the Māori mix. The Māori ratio in the Department of General 2024H1 was 41.32 per cent, mainly due to the expected product quality assurance losses incurred by the company for the current period in accordance with the new 2024 provisions of IPSAS.
Increases in costs such as share payments: change in management costs is mainly due to an increase in the size of the company and increases in staff remuneration, share payments, etc.
R & D costs: The changes in R & D costs are mainly related to the consumption of raw materials and low-value consumables, employee remuneration, share payment costs, etc. Financial costs: the changes in financial costs are mainly related to interest income for the current period.
▪ 2024h1, total R & D expenditure of 970 million yuan, government subsidies offset R & D costs of 1841.38 million yuan, net R & D expenditure of 952 million yuan, taking into account R & D costs of 568 million yuan, R & D expenditure capitalization of 384 million yuan and R & D cost of 16.5 per cent. The share of R & D investment in 2024h1 increased by 9.56 percentage points over the same period last year, mainly as R & D projects continued to move forward and the current period was capitalized.
Increases in the standard amount. Expenditures for the capitalized development phase are shown on the balance sheet as development expenditure, converted into in-house development technology for intangibles from the date on which the project reaches its intended purpose, recorded as actual costs incurred in meeting capitalization conditions during the development phase, and amortized on an average basis over seven years of service.
Figure 8: Detailed R & D inputs of companies, coverage of R & D expenditures and related accounting treatment methods, 2016 - 2023 Prior to the initial completion of the development of the prototype, the planned survey, evaluation and selection phase for the research process, the support phase, the initial completion of the development of the prototype to large-scale production, the relevant design, testing phase for the final application of the production process, and meeting the following expenditures for the development phase:
(b) The development of the production process has been fully demonstrated by the technical team;
(b) There is sufficient technical and financial support for the development of the production process and subsequent large-scale production; and
The average income per capita is more than 3.5 million yuan per year – the average annual sales per company has continued to grow, generating more than 3.5 million yuan per person, reaching world-class levels.
3. If the financial statements for the annual report of the proposed enterprise have not been disclosed within 1-September, or the annual report for the year of the evaluation of the proposed enterprise has not been made public on the previous day of consideration by the Board of Directors of the bill on whether or not the conditions of attribution have been met, the sum of the last four quarters of the financial data (including the quarter of the year) disclosed by the firm has been selected for comparison purposes. If the financial statements for the annual report of the proposed enterprise have been published in 10-December and the annual report for the evaluation of the proposed enterprise has been disclosed on the previous day of consideration by the Board of Directors of the proposal on whether or not the conditions of attribution have been met.
Products: etching + thin film + volume testing, which now covers about 33% of integrated electricity product coverage: 3D development; about 33% of integrated circuit equipment is now covered by the company currently covers about 33% of integrated circuit equipment
The market includes plasma etching equipment, thin membrane equipment, and detection equipment.
Continued implementation of a three-dimensional development strategy, focusing on integrated circuit critical equipment, expanding application and exploration of other new equipment in the area of semiconductor critical equipment
Opportunities in the field of growth and promotion of high-speed, stable, healthy, and safe development of companies. Companies insist on market-oriented and customer-driven approaches.
Continue to scale up R & D investment and business start-up in complex situations, and promote high-quality growth strategies driven by R & D innovation, with a focus
Client expansion investment opportunities, promotion of customizing, fine-tuning of production patterns, company installation of corrosion equipment, film deposition equipment, mocvd equipment, etc.
There have been significant breakthroughs and advances in product R & D, market layout, new business investments, etc.
Orders for companies to continue their healthy development: 24h1 new orders of $4.7 billion, or +40%, about 60.1%; due to the fact that the company mocvd equipment has already taken an absolute leading market position on the blue light led production line and is affected by the volatility of the end market.
In 2023, mocvd equipment orders fell by about 72.2 per cent over the same period, while storage clients accounted for a relatively high share, with advanced processes (including advanced logic and storage) accounting for more than 70 per cent.  The company ' s additional purchase orders for the three quarters of 2024 were $7.64 billion, an increase of about 52.0 per cent over the same period.
▪ Depending on the client’s order demand, the company produced 1,160 pieces of specialized equipment in the first three quarters of 2024 (January-September), an increase of about 310% in the same year, corresponding to an output of about 9,419 million yuan, an increase of about 287% in the same year, providing a better basis for the company’s follow-up delivery and revenue recognition. The company’s industrialization project is well under way to expand the size of its assets, strengthen the company’s strength, and continue to be a strong leader.
About 140,000 square metres of production and R & D sites in Chang have been completed and officially launched in July 2023; the construction of an estimated 180,000 square metres of production and R & D base in Shanghai has been substantially completed and officially launched in August 2024; and the construction of a headquarters building and a R & D centre in Shanghai and about 100,000 square metres on the drop-water lake is well under way and will be launched in 2025.
A solid foundation for the company ' s development over the next 10 years. ccp etching devices: good application coverage  existing ccp etchings
The product has covered more than 28 nanometers, and the very large portion of the logical device is made with ccp etching applications; it's in storage.
In the storage device manufacturing process, the mature product of the public division can cover the vast majority of the storage device manufacture.
Partly applied. At the same time, the company accumulated ultra-low-temperature etching technology in the ultra-temperature electrostatic straw and new technology.
The type etching gas is invested in a lot of resources, a lot more active reserves, deeper than the top of the structure.
ccp etching equipment: delivery of more than 700 response stations by 24h1  delivery of additional shipments at a high rate in the company ' s ccp etching equipment at primod-rie, pprimoad-rie-e, and delivery in the first half of 2024 in excess of the year 2023. Single response table etching equipment at prmohdrie, pprimohd-
▪ As of June 2024, the company had cumulatively produced and delivered more than 3600 ccp etching stations, and the number of new delivery equipment was unprecedented in the first half of 2024
ccp etching: The metal mask integration Damascus etching process has been successfully certified, and the two-record ccp etching machine, which regulates electropolar distance, prmosd-rie, has entered the testing phase for the validation of the metal mask integration masquerading process at the first logical client, has entered the second client for on-site validation and has reached an assessment intention with multiple customers.
The current laboratory development is well under way. primosd-rie is designed using a two-reaction platform that can effectively reduce production costs while meeting demanding process indicators.
Plasma concentration distributions and active free radical concentration distributions. For the etching process of complex membrane structures, prmosd-rie can achieve optimal etching homogeneity by dynamic regulation of electropolar spacing and the temperature of multi-temperature electrostatic straws. Figure 17: Company sd-rie: Real-time variable electrodes extend the metal masking window in Damascus.
ccp corrosion equipment: active storage of deep-wide structure etching front-guard technology – in the storage device manufacturing process, the company’s mature product can cover most of the applications in the storage device manufacturing process. At the same time, the company’s output capacity for ultra-high-deep-wide structure applies to the most critical hyper-widening process in the manufacturing of dram and 3dnand devices.
The company's active deployment of ultra-low-temperature etching technology, which invests a lot of resources in ultra-low-temperature electrostatic and new etching gas studies, actively reserves higher depths than the front-guard technology of structural etching. The company's newly developed crystalline edge bevel etching equipment is also scheduled to be market-tested in 2024. Figure 18: The three-generation ccp high-energy plasma etching machine developed by the company has a very deep-wide etching history of fine holes.
The first generation in China is the fifth generation: ll-rie, fourth generation: ud-rie
Third generation: hd-rie Second generation: ad-rie icp etching device: application coverage perfect
The company's icp etching equipment product sector has continued to make a technological reserve for the next generation of icp etching equipment to meet the demand for icp etching from new-generation chips such as logic, dram, and 3dnand storage. While pursuing higher etching performance, the company has developed the primomenovaal, based on the country's process needs for maturity and emerging special devices, and has developed a collaborative aluminium wire etching process with a number of customers.
Figure 19: Corporate icp plasma etching product history and product series nanova2g single-reaction platform
nanovave/vehp (2019/2021) nanovase (2016) Main design characteristic: 400khz bias +aeit
Main application target: hyperbolic icp etching nanovaue (2022) Main design characteristic: Durgaiesc+multipulsed lf
Main application: ultra-high equilibrium etching - straight-stream magnetic field regulator nanovalux (2023)
- More symmetrical 2g radio frequency loops, major design features: features of ve +ue - interior coating of the atom cavity
Main application target: high homogeneity and depth ratio etching - direct flow ulcer pulsation pulse
Twin-star (2020) tsv/mems (2010)
Main design characteristics: Two-reaction stations. Main application objectives: high output & low cost twin-star200 (2023)
Design features: Major design features: modified tsv-integrated decomposition cavity
Main application objectives: high output & low-cost icp etching equipment for 8 inch & low-cost icp: during the reporting period of 24h1, the company continued to push a variety of nanovauue, lux and vehp in advanced logical chips, advanced dram and 3d
Nanovavehp uses the high depths of the dram to produce a lot more than a multi-crystal silicon mask. Lux has also gradually produced a small amount of production on multiple client lines. Primotwinstar has done so on the product lines of mature offshore and offshore customers' chipes, power devices, mini-radio-led, ultraperscopic lenses for anar glasses, et cetera.
24h1 during the reporting period, the company's icp technical equipment class of 8 inches and 12 inches of deep silicon corrosion equipment primotsv200e, primo tsv300e continued to receive duplicate orders in mature markets such as advanced crystal circle encapsulation, 2.5d encapsulation and micromechanical system chip production lines.
Successfully validated on the silicon puncture etching process of the 12 inch 3d chip and certified on the world ' s first 12 inch micromechanical system chip production line for new European customers, which has expanded the new market for the company ' s primotsv300e etching equipment.
▪ During the 24h1 reporting period, company icp etching was prepared to cover logic, dram, 3dnand, power and power management, and microelectric systems
More than 60 customers of chips and devices are produced online, and more corrosion will continue to be verified.
Nanova installed the cavity on the client for almost three years with an average annual compound increase of >70% as of 24h1, more than 700 Primonanova
Reaction cavity in logic, dram and 3dnand mocvd equipment: sustainable expansion in multi-application fields  prismoa7 for blue light, prismohit3 for deep ultraviolet led, prismo for mini-led displays
As of 24h1, the company’s cumulative volume of mocvd products exceeds 500 cavities, maintaining its leading position in the international market for nitrazine-based mocvd equipment. Prismounimax products, based on their high yield, high wavelength homogeneity, and high rate of success, are widely accepted by downstream customers and have accumulated nearly 150 cavities, and show in Mini-led that they are in the field of extrapolated equipment production.
The Prismounimax equipment has expanded the company’s mocvd equipment product line to provide a highly competitive mini-led mass production solution for the global led chip manufacturer, and the company is working with more customers to evaluate the equipment and expand the market. Meanwhile, the needles have been well developed for the mcvd special application of micro-led, and the laboratory’s initial results have yielded excellent wavelength homogeneity and have been paid for the model.
The company is also actively developing a third-generation semiconductor equipment market for power plant applications. The company developed a mocvd device, prsmopd5, for use in the production of nitrous power devices, which has been delivered to a number of leading domestic and foreign customers for production certification and has obtained duplicate orders; and is under development.
One generation of new mocvd equipment for the manufacture of nitrous thorium power devices; and the development of extended production equipment for carbonated silicon power devices has also been initiated, and considerable technological progress has been made, resulting in excellent process results, and the prototype has been shipped to the client for production validation.
At the same time, the company has completed multiple logical and storage customer validation of samples of cvd/har/aldw tungsten equipment and has delivered the plane to the logical client validation. During the same period, the company's development of ald nitrogen-based titanium equipment for high-end storage and logical devices has been steadily advancing.
Sediment equipment is uniquely bicial, with each cavity independently modulating the process to ensure the performance of the product while significantly increasing production capacity and reducing material costs. Moreover, the company’s autonomous intellectual property design ensures better product performance and secures future sustainable development of the product.
The cvdtungsten equipment developed by the company has been field certified by key storage customers to meet performance indicators for the metal interconnection tungsten process and has been ordered by customers for duplicate production orders. The tungsten equipment developed by the company on the basis of cvdw has introduced innovative process solutions that have been field validated by key storage customers to meet performance indicators in high depth-wide metal interconnection applications and have been ordered by customers for duplicate production orders.
Tungsten tungsten equipment has been field validated by key storage clients to meet performance requirements in three-dimensional memory system font applications and to obtain duplicate production orders from customers.
Projects under development: covering six types of equipment, more than 20 new equipment development projects: covering six types of equipment, more than 20 new equipment development market: China mainland 30 + million dollars per year for the next four years
Investment in circular plant equipment, acceleration of the process of domestication, addition of layers of export restrictions abroad, promotion of the process of nationalization of the semiconductor industrial chain, securities, figure 25: Recent policy development of semiconductors in major countries around the world
External export restriction layer plus, driving the process of domesticization of the semiconductor industrial chain
With the development of the digital industry, continued investment in the global semiconductor chip and crystal round manufacturing sector has contributed to rapid growth in the semiconductor equipment sector. The digital industry accounts for more than 40% of global corporate output, and is growing, and traditional industries have become the two pillars of the national economy.
Lifestyles. Semiconductor microprocessors, which are key to the development of integrated circuits and digital industries, have become one of the most important hard-tech industries. Figure 26: Trends in global sales of semiconductor integrated circuits 2016-2027. Global semiconductor integrated circuit production line equipment capex: projected sustained growth.
Semiconductor equipment is the cornerstone of the integrated circuits and semiconductor micromechanicals industry, and integrated circuits and semiconductor microtools are the foundation of the digital age. The ability of semiconductor equipment to microprocess is the key to the development of the digital industry. Without equipment capable of processing micro- and nanoscales, such as plasma corrosion machines and thin film depositions, it is impossible to build integrated circuits and micro-mechanicals. As micromechanical devices become smaller, semiconductors are set.
Figure 27: Trends in capital investment in equipment on the global semiconductor integrated circuit production line capex
China’s persistently strong spending on equipment and substantial investment in dram and hbm prompted Semi’s 24-year upturn in global sales of crystal factory equipment. On July 9, 2024, California Time, Semi proposed in the Mid-2024 Forecast Report for Total Semiconductor Equipment that the crystal factory’s equipment area, including crystalworking, crystal factory facilities and mask/surveillance model equipment, is expected to grow by 2.8% in 24 years, to $98 billion, with Semi in its predecessor.
China’s continued strong spending on equipment, driven by artificial intelligence calculations, and its substantial investment in dram and hbm, have contributed to the upward revision of the forecast. For 25 years, sales in the field of crystal mill equipment are expected to grow by 14.7%, to $113 billion, owing to increased demand for advanced logic and storage applications.
foundry/logic: According to Semi, sales of crystal factory equipment for Foundry and logic applications are expected to contract by 2.9 to $57.2 million over 24 years, owing to weak demand for mature nodes and higher than expected sales of advanced nodes in the previous year. Investment in faundry/logic equipment is expected to increase by 10.3 to 63 billion dollars over 25 years, owing to increased demand for cutting-edge technology, expansion of capacity procurement and introduction of new equipment structures.
The base was set by $14.6 billion. Thanks to the surge in demand for Hbm for artificial intelligence deployment and continuous technology migration, sales of dram equipment are expected to increase strongly at 24.1 per cent and 12.3 per cent, respectively, for 24 and 25 years.
Over the next four years, China’s integrated circuits and semiconductor industries have continued to flourish in China, where 30 + billion dollars per year of investment in transistor equipment are expected to be invested. With the Government’s strong push and industry efforts, there is still a gap between domestic and foreign equipment in terms of semiconductor equipment, performance, and large-scale volume capacity, but it has developed rapidly.
According to Semi, the market for equipment in the pre-global integrated circuits in 2023 was about $95 billion, with mainland China, Taiwan, and South Korea as the largest regional market, with mainland China becoming the world’s largest market for integrated circuit equipment, accounting for 35%.
Semi ' s Vision 2027 report on 300 mm crystalline mills shows that, under government incentives and chip national production policies, China has a total of 171 new production lines under construction in the global chip line from year to year 2025, of which 74 are in mainland China, with a regional share of up to 43 per cent.
The change in the structure of the device and the process is driven by the constant reduction of micromechanical devices at a higher annual rate of corrosion and thin film equipment than other types of equipment. Light engraved machines, due to wavelength constraints, are made up of a combination of "dual templates" and "four-weight templates" of plasma etching and thin film; storage devices were rotated from 2d to 3d.
In other words, the need for multi-layer cvd structures and deep-surface corrosion with a very high depth ratio makes plasma etching and thin-film processes the most critical step, and the demand for corrosion machines and thin-film equipment is increasing, with the average annual growth in the related equipment market for 2013-2023 being much higher than for other types of equipment.
Figure 33: Global market size (millions of United States dollars) and relative total market size of corrosion equipment: $22,013 million
It's an etching, it's an automatic production line, it's a light burn.
Figure 34: Global market share of etching equipment 2022
Chinese post security chinapostsecurities generally use capacitor coupling plasma etching machines (ccp)
A plasma etching machine isotropicech.
Dictionaletch verticaletch, homologues.
A physico-drying process that uses energy from high-energy argon ion beams to approximately 1 to 3kev on the surface of the material
An absolute chemical etching process, also known as chemical dry etching (chemicaldrytech), which is suitable for removing the entire membrane (e.g. removal of the backs of thermal oxidation) because active particles in etching gases can move freely and the etching process is homogenous.
Very precise control of selectivity, etching contours, etching rates, homogeneity and repeatability of chemical physics etching processes can achieve etching contours of homogeneity and heterogeneity, one of the most important processes for the construction of various films. Poor: selectivity is not very high, because physical etching processes also occur.
Dry etching, specific direction (all opposites) Plasma (yang, free base)
Physical + Chemical Targeting Problem Erosion: Main Process
On the integrated circuit production line, plasma etching equipment is usually divided into silicon etching equipment, metal etching equipment, and electrical media etching equipment by type of corrosioned material. Traditional silicon and metal etching is biased towards lower ion energy etching equipment, such as electrosensive coupling plasma etching equipment; and the electrolytic corrosion is biased towards higher ion energy etching equipment, such as capacitation plasma etching equipment ccp equipment.
This classification has become increasingly blurred by the specialization, fine-tuning, diversification of etching equipment and the application of new materials. As the integrated circuit process has been upgraded, the size of the device has been shrinking, with new structures (e.g. 3D flash, finfet, etc.), new materials (e.g. high k medium, mass/metal fences, etc.) and new processes (e.g., low-k medium mosaic etching technology and multiple graphics technology for copper lines) emerging requirements for etching processes
The main direction of the development of corrosion equipment is the increasing use of pulse plasmas, a narrower distribution of ion energy with lower ion energy, and a lower level of light radiation. Erosion devices require the constant introduction of new technologies to meet these new requirements.
Figure 35: The process of using plasma etching equipment for integrated circuit manufacturing bells Dry etching: main signs Chart 36: Key indicators for assessing etching equipment
Erosion applications: The increasingly complex integration options of logical/storage devices in logical devices present differences in dry etchings in terms of new structures and different materials. For example, adaptation works in front-end processes facilitate the development of technologies such as stress thin film etching, stress near-neighbour technology and source etching of selective sige extensions.
This increase in reliability triggers the use of metal diaphragms in the bi-Damascus interconnection process. Unlike the large capacitor requirements in the memory, the logic system has high requirements for critical size control of the wired electrodes at the required working frequency. In addition, the complex connection in the logical circuit device requires several layers of additional metal layers. 45nm storage units are gradually converted from aluminium to copper interconnections, making the back end process increasingly focused on oxidation and/or metal etching.
Figure 37: High-speed logical circuit products commonly used for etching, tungsten contact pore etching (contactech)
Aluminium mat etching (al-padetch)
Passive etching (passivationtech) base plate process Sluice isolation etching (stietch)
Gear corrosion (gatetech) Wall corrosion (spaceretch) Silicon cavity etching (sigetech)
(dsl)
Logical etching applications: The integration of metal masks into the later critical process The integration of the Damascus etching process in the production process of the logical device 28 nm and below requires the completion of a single etching of the troughs and troughs, which is one of the most technically demanding and market-owned etching processes. The two-Damascus process of copper and the black ii (black) of ultra-low-disable electrical materials.
diamondii, bdii) is widely used. In reducing the impact of plasma etching processes on the medium constants of ultra-low-mediatic materials, and overcoming the challenges of photo-engine imaging as the key sizes are down, the metal hard-covering etching process shows great advantages. At the same time, the metal hard-covering, integrated etching process, compared to the traditional via-first-trench-first, control of the two Damascus small surfaces.
There are also incomparable advantages to the light etching options versus the roughness of the edges of the line. The process of integration (all-in-one, aio) etching, as shown in the graph below, is part of the frame where integration etching processes, the so-called integration etching, de-lighting, and ditching steps are completed in the same process.
Figure 38: Integrated etching process processes Erosion applications: etching dram structures in dram are divided into storage arrays (cells) and peripherals (periphery). Storage areas include aa,a,a,a from the previous process (frontofline, feol)
wl, bl; bl, capacitor contact, cc, landing boards (landinglad, lp) and storage (cell) in the medium sector process (middleendofline, meol). The outer zone is primarily drive and amplifier. wl and bl in the storage area extends out to the bottom end of the outer contact hole (peripheryconfact, pc), and the pc bottom is connected to the outer conveyor door (peripherygate, pg) and the outer perimeter.
sector aa, pc tops with metal (landingmetal, lm), lm continues to connect upwards to metal contact holes (metalcontact, mc), mc bottom-side connection storage area with electrodes on the capacitor and mc upwards to the rear process (backendofline, beol). beol lines include grits (trench), perforates (via) and panels of peace (pad).
Trench/via is the cube-line process and top-level trench and pad is the ai process.
Dram etching applications: double and multiple template processes increase multiple etchings based on the structure design of the dram, which is limited to the speed of development of light etching technology, the transfer of etching graphics below 20 nm is very complex, involving self-ref-aligneddoublepatterning multiple graphics technology in different directions, in order of double (self-aligneddoublepatterning, sadp, quadruple)
(self-alignedquarderpatterning, saqp.) The following is a process of sadp and self-directional reverse graphics technology (self-alignedreversedpatterning, sarp) that achieves smaller sizes by engraving lightly etching the deposition of the atomic layer (atomiclayerdeposition, ald) combined with etching. Select sadp or sarp
The standard is the graphic needed to move down with the most stable space layer (spacer) key dimensions (cd), since ald spacer is usually considered the best process for repeat.
Erosion applications: etching in 3dnand The wire width of the 2d storage device in the integrated circuit is near physical limits and the nand flash is now in the 3dd era. The 128th floor 3dnand flash is now in high production, the more than 200 layers are in bulk production and higher levels are being developed.
The main way to do this is not to reduce the upper-straight width of the single layer, but to increase the number of layers that are stacked. The etching is to process 40:1 to 60:1 or even higher deep-hole or deep grooves on the stacked structure of silicon oxides and nitrogenated silicons. The increase in the 3dnand layer requires a higher depth ratio of etching technology and a greater proportion of the demand for corrosion equipment.
Chart 41: 3dnand Storage Array and Key Process Challenges  3dnandaray structure involves etching processes mainly of narrow cavity etching, hole in ditches, step etching and connection
Touch puncture. The technical difficulty can be divided into steps etching, hard mask etching, and depth-wide etching.
Straight-step etching and 2d clipping to provide the "up and down" shape of the line ladder used in the 3dnand device. The hard part is the repeatability of the step size and the side of the high selection ratio.
Rendering process (trim). Hard mask etching: open the mask layer before etching the storage unit, design the size and shape of the storage channel and then face to face
The wall profile is adjusted so that the operating window that follows the etching of the memory is as wide as possible. The difficulty is that changes due to a variety of sources cannot be formed--
- The contour and cd, the vertical contour, and the repetitious performance.
The depth ratio is as high as 70:1 and there's a small hole in each crystal circle. The number of layers increases, the number of holes increases, the homogeneity and flatness of the tunnels after etching. The hard part is the kernel.
Incomplete engraving, bow etching, distortion, and cd differences between the top and bottom of stacking. 3dnand: higher stacking layers lead to more etching steps, etc.
In the case of some type of 3dnand technical route, under 150k/month assumptions of capacity, there is a marked difference in the number of equipment configurations in the process compartments for different technical nodes, where the demand for corrosion equipment is relatively high at over 34 per cent, and the use of corrosion equipment is increasing as the number of stacking layers increases.
The use of each etching process for each of the different technical nodes (which has been normalized) is shown in figure 43. For the number of stacking layers, the demand for corrosive equipment in the crys drive remains constant; the number of corrosion devices in the array storage structure varies significantly, involving etching processes such as the ditch pit hole (channelhole), stairstep, slit, contact hole (contactvia) and clean-up (clearout).
32l to 64l, then 128l, an increase in the number of corrosions in gullhole holes, steps, clean-up processes during structural processing. The stacks of 32l, 64l products are all completed in one-time stacking, and the steps process is completed through four etchings and eight etchings, i.e. four and eight steps at a time, and the 3dnand devices of 128l consist of two sets of 64l stacks.
As the stacking layer rises, there is a corresponding increase in the thickness of the film to be carved, as well as the length and even doubling of the processing time of the ravine tunnels, slits and contact holes, the reduction in the amount of crystal processing per hour for individual equipment (waferperhour, wph) has led to the need for the number of process equipment to be generally responsible for the removal and cleaning of the mask after the corrosion, and the amount of equipment will increase as the number of velocation processes increases.
Figure 42: 150k/month assumes the capacity to produce individual processes Figure 43: Use of different stacking layers for the etching process equipment Erosion: list of main manufacturer products
Figure 46: Tel list of etching devices Erosion: list of major manufacturer products
Chart 50: Global competition patterns for several types of membrane equipment by 2020
Figure 51: Technical classification and comparison of film deposition equipment Ipcvd constant pressure type
Thermal evaporation deposition apcvd chemical phase deposition
Advanced film deposition Physical gas phase deposition Metal organic compound type
cvd pvd Plasma Splash
Mocvd emission deposition plasma enhancement
Atomic Layer Sediment pecvd ald
Plasma-enhanced atoms, thermal atomary sediments, space atomary sediments.
Sediment of the electrochemical atom layer, deposition of the atmospheric pressure atom layer, tropotype
Sediment Piald tald sald
ecald Atomic Layer Sediment membrane: cvd
In the micro-mimetic generation, chemical phase depositions take the form of a multi-spanized general pressure gas phase deposition device (apcvd), with a simpler structure, cavity-worker pressure of about 1atm, and the transmission and process of the discs are continuous. With the size of the discs increasing, single-simple single-cam processes dominate.
In sub-microtechnics, low-pressure chemical phase deposition equipment (lpcvd) became the mainstream equipment and its working pressure was significantly reduced, thus improving the homogeneity of sediment film and groove cover filling capacity. In the technological generation of e.c., plasma enhanced chemical phase deposition equipment (pecvd) played an important role in the process of reaching 90nm.
The chemical phase deposition (cvd) is used not only for sediment medium insulation and semiconductor material, but also for sediment metal film. On the basis of silicon extension applications, starting with the 65nm technology generation, the selective sige extension process in the source and leak zone of the device has increased pmos' empty transport rate. Starting with the 45nm technology generation, to reduce electrical leakage of the device, the new high-intensity migration rate has been increased.
The medium (highk) material and metal fence (metalgate) processes have been applied to the integrated circuit process, and due to the very thin membrane layers, which are usually within nanoscales, the process equipment for the Atomic Sediment (ald) has had to be introduced to meet the need for control and film homogeneity of the membrane sedimentation.
(cvd Chart 52: Introduction to various cvd processes and Atomic Layer Sediment Processes (to the above table)
Different technical principles, different types of membrane and different performances, applied to different application processes within the chip, major applications and membrane materials such as graph 53:cvd in logical chips Passive layer: pecvdsin
aipad passivated layer: pecvdsio2, psg, teos; hdpcvdsio2 metal interlayer medium layer: pecvdteos, fsg, loki, loki; uvcure
Proliferation block: pecvdsin, adci, adcii; aldain, aio, metal layer: cvdco: pecvdachm, wdc, wbc
Anti-reflective coating: pecvdsion, sioc, teos, sio2, sicn, α-si, sin silicon: pecvdhtn; uv-cure ild
High-resolution constant metal gate: aldtin, tan, tiai, tisin, hfox, laox, ffw self-directional dual imaging: aldsio, sin, tio, alo, sti
n-well p-well membrane: cvd's main application in dram and membrane material
Figure 54: Application diagrams in dram memory chip
Pvd — physical gas deposition (pvd) took the form of a single cavity during the 150 mm period. From the point of view of technological development in ic, the film was made more homogeneous and denser, with a higher binding purity on the bottom of the line, and the spatter device gradually replaced the vacuum plating device (vaeuum).
With the development of the ic technology generation, pvd equipment is required from the ability to produce a single even-faced flat film to cover a hole with a certain depth in width, and this development needs to develop the pressure of the pvd cavary from several millet to a nanotor (reduced) or to dozens of millts, the distance between the target material and the discs is also significantly increased. This development needs are also accompanied by magnetic control equipment, radio frequency pvd equipment, and ionization pvd.
In addition to direct current power sources, magnetic control sources also induce human radio frequency sources to reduce the energy of ejected particles in order to reduce damage to the device on the disc, which is widely used in copper interconnection and metal fence depositions. In addition, auxiliary magnetic fields, auxiliary radio frequency power sources, or direct-directors have been introduced.
The ionization pvd cavdling and metal chemical phase deposition (metalcvd) and Atomic layer deposition are also associated with the thin film: an overview of pvd extension equipment.
As the range of applications expands, the silicon market, as well as other markets, including the bottoms of arsenic (gaas), nitrogen (gan), carbonated silicon (sic) and phosphate (inp), are growing at a remarkable annual compound rate.
Increase, due to the stringent quality requirements for the selection of these materials, the use of extended equipment such as mocvd, beme and htcvd to grow ultra-pure membrane and nanostructures.
Figure 59: Direction of development of thin film equipment
Figure 61: Tel List of membrane Devices
Chart 63: List of amatcvd devices
Quality control: throughout the chip manufacturing process, the key to ensuring good standards. Post-mail securities. Traditional integrated circuit processes are divided into the front and back lanes, and as the integrated circuit industry continues to evolve, back-seal containment techniques evolve towards crystallized circle seals, thus generating advanced envelopement processes.
Foot contact, production of system-level encapsulations and lower-intensity devices such as 2.5/3d. With this in mind, the integrated circuit industry is further broken down into front-tracking, advanced mid-way encapsulation and back-way encapsulation tests. Quality control through production processes in integrated circuits can be further divided into forward, middle- and back-track testing, semiconductor quality.
Controls are also generally expressed in a broad sense as testing. In this context, front-track testing is mainly for quality control of each process, such as light engraving, etching, film deposition, cleaning, cmp, etc.;
Back-track testing is mainly a functional and parameter test of the chip using electrons and consists mainly of both crystal circle and finished tests. Figure 65: Semiconductor testing and measurement techniques — Quality control base for use in front-tracking and advanced encapsulation
The art can be broken down into detection and measurement, particle defects, bubble defects.
(metrology) Two main links. □ Inspection: refers to the detection of the presence of a heterogeneity, such as particulate contamination, on the surface of a crystal circle or in the structure of a circuit.
Characteristic structural defects that have an adverse effect on the performance of the chip process, such as dyes, surface scratches, short circuits, etc.
Quantitative description of structural dimensions and material properties on top, such as thin film thickness, critical dimensions, etching depth, surface appearance, etc.
▪ Technically, detection and measurement includes optical detection techniques, electrobeam detection techniques, and X-ray measurement techniques. Currently, of all semiconductor detection and measurement equipment, most equipment is used for applied optical detection techniques, and the detection and measurement equipment developed and produced by companies is based mainly on optical detection techniques. The optical process evolves towards smaller light-source wavelengths and higher numerical apertures, and will be tested to meet the defects of smaller critical crystal circle.
It is necessary to use a shorter wavelength light source, as well as a larger numerical aperture optical system, so the history of optical detection technology development can be referenced in the history of light-engineing engineering development.
Figure 66: History of light-engineing process development, big data detection algorithms and software are becoming more important, equipment detection speeds and throughputs are increasing.
previous g-line euv
i-line airinst krf
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Figure 68: Main types of semiconductor detection and measurement equipment and their distribution in different processes
Quantified detection drive I: energy expansion, quantity detection equipment investment of about 13%  2021, detection equipment in crystal circle semiconductor equipment Figure 69: Global crystal factory equipment classification market share 2022
According to the Kyoto equipment announcement, given the uncertainty of the expansion plan, the country’s main crystal-crystal manufacturers have announced plans to expand their production over the next few years.
The addition of 12 inches of crystal equivalent yield capacity would require 606.39 units of measuring equipment, respectively.
Quantum detection driver II: Substitution of national production Global pattern of competition for detection and measurement equipment in 2020 Measuring national production rate < 5%
Volume-by-volume testing equipment layouts for domestic and foreign manufacturers Volume-by-promotion-promotion equipment investment in advanced-promotion equipment, in the same capacity, in integrated circuit equipment with process nodes
Figure 71: The amount of equipment invested per 10,000 crystal-crystal plants (millions of United States dollars) is higher and increases significantly. When the technology node is upgraded to 5 nm in a smaller direction, the manufacture of integrated circuits is required
Expensive Ultraviolet carving (euv) or multiple modeling processes (repeated multiple etchings and thin membrane deposition processes to achieve smaller lines of width) require additional and advanced light engravings, etching devices
And membrane sedimentation equipment. According to ibs, for example, the 5nm technical node, 10,000 units/month capacity would require capital investment of more than $3 billion, more than twice the 14nm and about four times the 28nm.
According to the Tel, dram program to 1d, new 100,000 pieces/month equipment for crystal-crystal manufacturing capacity.
Upgraded to $9 billion; 3dnand layers to 4x4 crystal circle manufacturing equipment
Investments will reach $13 billion; logical chip processes will reach 2 nm \checkmark
At that time, the investment in crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment would amount to $21 billion.
The 28nm process step has hundreds of process processes, and the 14nm and below process step has increased to nearly a thousand process processes as a result of multilayered sculpting techniques. According to yole, the number of fatal defects in the process has increased by 50% per generation, so that each process has to be kept at a very high level in order to guarantee the final good rate.
This increased complexity of quality control over the production process presents new challenges, particularly in terms of the demand for quantitative testing, as integration increases and functional complexity increases.
A key step in ensuring product quality and performance, on the one hand, advanced sealing requires process control at the front-track level, and, on the other hand, advanced encapsulation of the ic base plate requires crystal-crystal process and detection. Erosion equipment: the company ' s plasma etching equipment has been used in bulk from 65 nm to 14 nm, 7 nm and 5 nm and more in the domestic and foreign front-line customers.
More advanced integrated circuit processing to manufacture production lines and advanced encapsulation production lines, significant increases in the delivery of additional end-of-end products for critical etching processes in advanced logic and storage devices, increases in the sale of ccp and icp corrosion equipment, and significant increases in the listing of the main domestic customer chip production lines.
This is why we measure corrosion equipment mocvd devices: 24h1mocvd devices generated $152 million, i.e. 49.04%, mainly because the company has maintained an absolute leading position in the production line and mini-led industrialization of blue green light. The end market has been declining for almost two years.
On the basis of this, we measure membrane equipment: the new product, lpcvd, is sold first, and 24h1 confirms revenue of $28 million. The new order of $168 million is 24H1pcvd.
The company now has a large number of new equipment products on the market, some of which have received duplicate orders, and several other key membrane deposition equipment development projects are well under way. Tungsten series of membrane sediment products cover all tungsten applications of storage devices and have completed several logical and stored customer validations of cvd/har/aldw tungsten equipment, resulting in customer orders.
(a) Spare parts and services for supplies: the business has grown steadily with the scale of the sale of equipment.
▪ The risk of changes in government support and tax preferences, the risk that insufficient R & D inputs will result in technology being overtaken or replaced.
Thank you for your trust and support! The data used in the present report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgement and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not based on the original.