The proposed issuance of debt swaps to support the development of the global digital trading centre market and the international digital logistics market Keyword: #Short assets
Events: The company announcement of 19 June issued a transferable plan to a specific client. The total amount that the company is about to issue is not more than $4 billion, for a period of six years.
Debt swaps include conditional foreclosure and sale terms; future nominal interest rates will depend on the circumstances. Billions of dollars will be spent on the first phase of the Global Digital Trade Center project; two billion dollars will be spent on the international digital market project in the U.S.; and three billion dollars will be spent on repayment of bank loans and replenishment of liquidity.
▪ The Global Digital Trade Centre project is an important growth point for future owners of the corporate market: according to the Factories report, the total investment in the Centre’s projects is about $8.3 billion, with a total construction space of about 1.23 million m2, or 19% of the company’s current market size (6.4 million m2).
Businesses such as commodity galleries, writing buildings, dynamic business centres, apartment buildings, etc., are expected to increase the scope of operations and contribute to significant incremental performance.  The digital logistics market project is expected to improve the company’s layout of supply chain services in small commodity cities: public
The Department announces that the Digital Logistics Centre has invested about $1.14 billion in a total area of 380,000 m2 and includes the functions of warehouse houses, warehouse offices, driver’s homes, and living aids.
The future direction of small commodity cities is to move from market operations to small commodity supply chains, where digital logistics projects can help companies to build an international logistics biosphere and upgrade the chains of small commodity industries.
▪ Small commodity cities are the core of our “one-way” exports, and there is scope for future development: public net profits + 79 per cent, Chinagoods and the Division are managing the world's largest market for small commodities, Yeu International Business and Trade, small businesses in our country.
The chain of goods exports is at the heart of the “one-way” small commodity export. According to the company's quarterly report, the city of Eu joined the countries along the “one-way” in January-February 2023.
Imports and exports of 33 billion yuan, or +82 per cent, increased exports to Saudi Arabia and Brazil by 47.3 per cent/25.8 per cent. Small Commodity Cities (600415). The boom in exports from the 2022 “one-way” countries is expected to boost the small commodity chain and help.
And in the 2023s, a review of the business expansion of Commissariat Intifada has been carried out.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company ' s net return profit of 27.0 per cent in 2023-2025, and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.