The January-April return net profit ratio is +79%, the Chinagoods and the cross-border renminbi business are making significant progress billion yuan, or +79% of the year. The corresponding figure for April 2023 is 148 million yuan.
+57%. The company’s return net profit in April grew faster than we expected.                                                        + 7.4% in January 2023,
The region’s share of exports is high, with a total of 33 billion yuan, or +82%, for countries along the region, and 47%/+26% for Saudi Arabia and Brazil, respectively. The policy and “rcep” are expected to continue to improve the profile of small-scale commodity exports in the future.
chinagoods’ new business is growing brightly, and the platform’s ecology is improving: January-April 2023, the public sector’s chinagoods platform achieved gmv.52 billion, or +198%. Chinagoods is a small commodities b2b platform under the public domain, based on 75,000 real-estate market resources, services.
Small and micro-enterprises, upstream and downstream, demand for manufacturing, displaying transactions, warehousing, financial credit, market management, etc., and digital integration of industrial information from up to and down the export chain. The cross-border renminbi payment business is progressing: the company owns a pay brand called yiwupay.
Since its launch on 21 February 2023, the platform has achieved 2604 clients of cross-border renminbi business services, with a total of 130 million yuan in cross-border liquidation funds. According to the company’s annual report, payments have been made to cover cross-border receipts in all major currencies.
Small Commodities City (600415): The 2022 Report has suffered from the "frozen card" pain.
Looking at the flow of traders, logistics, capital, creating a complete ecological closure of cross-border transactions, gradually warming, and the construction of a global digital trading centre.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: Small Commodity City is the core of the industry's Internet plate.
Monthly profits are higher than expected, and the new business is moving faster, and we return the company to its net profits in 2023-25, the Commodity City, the world's supply chain, and the three major financial projections for the Global Small Commodity City.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board