The 2022 report and the 2023 I report point reviews: the growth of the merchant city and the steady progress in the construction of the global digital trading centre are largely in line with expectations, with 2023q1 net profit increases exceeding expectations.
▪ One-time rent relief affects the company ' s performance in 2022; the release of investment earnings and six-month rent relief for new market start-ups and individual business owners, affecting about RMB 1 billion in income and RMB 700 million in net return profits.
The return on investment increased from 407 million yuan last year to 763 million yuan, mainly from the release of profits from the city’s properties. The market for new energy products was officially opened in Sector 2 East, increasing the company’s rent rights, transfer of income and rental income.
New operations, such as Chinagoods, have been growing steadily since the outbreak in the city: 2023q1 averaged more than 200,000 passenger traffic per day, with an average of 1,646 foreign workers per day, compared to 30.3 per cent, and average traffic per day + 23.4 per cent, as reflected by the return of the epidemic.
In 2022, the chinagoods platform achieved a total of 35.676 billion gmv/+112% yoy, with more than 3.32 million buyers. The company launched a digital renminbi promotion campaign at the end of May 2022, with accumulated digital yuan.
Small Commodity City (600415): China’s Small Quantities launched a feasibility report for a global digital trading centre to lay the foundation for significant growth over the next 5 to 10 years.
The project was built in two phases and completed in about six years. A number of trading centres combine the entire elements of the small commodity chain, such as manufacturing, displaying transactions, logistics warehousing, customs clearance taxes, etc.
Production, living, and ecological spaces, trade in services, industrial growth, innovation, dynamic commerce, imports of department stores, brands, and so on. The creation of the Global Digital Trade Center will hopefully lead to a further expansion of the small-commodity conglomerate effect in the country, as well as higher rent revenues for companies.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Small Commodity City is the core of the industry’s Internet plate, and U.S.I.C. is an important hub for our small commodity exports. Companies have been provoking industrial Internet reform around the Chinagoods platform in recent years to improve the efficiency of export supply chains.
It's crucial. We've projected the company's net return profits in 2023/24 from 20.1 to 23.6 billion. Figure 2: Corporate revenues and growth (quarterly split) Figure 3: Corporate return net profit and increase.
Figure 4: Net corporate return profit and increase (quarterly split) Figure 5: Net corporate deduction from parent profit and acceleration Figure 6: Net corporate deduction from parent profit and increase (quarterly split)
One-time rent relief affected the company ' s performance in 2022; the release of investment earnings and the start-up of the new market contributed to rents in the 2023q1 sector, affecting about RMB 1 billion in income and RMB 700 million in net profit from the mother.
The market for new energy products in the east of the city is officially opened in Region 2. The company's lease transfer has increased, and the city's passenger flow has recovered significantly since the outbreak, with new operations such as Chinagoods steadily advancing: 2023q1 U, with an average traffic of more than 200,000 passengers per day and an average of 1646 persons per day, compared with 30.3 per cent per day, with an average traffic of vehicles per day.
+23.4 per cent The revival of the epidemic reflects the continuing improvement in the ecology of the city, which has helped to further expand the company’s market operations. In 2022, the Chinagoods platform achieved a total of 35,676 million gmv/+112 per cent yoy, with more than 3.32 million buyers. The company launched a digital renminbi promotion at the end of May 2022, with a cumulative opening of 60,000 renminbi wallets.
Launching a feasibility report for a global digital trading centre to lay the foundation for an important growth in the next 5-10 years. The project is proposed to invest $8.32 billion in projects in the world’s medium-sized trade, with a surface of more than 12.3 million (22 per cent of the existing 5.5 million commercial cities).
Two phases of construction, approximately six years old. The Digital Trade Centre combines the entire elements of the small commodity chain, such as manufacturing, displaying transactions, logistics warehousing, customs duties, etc., and integrates the three main areas of production, life, ecology, trade in services, industrial development, creative innovation, dynamic commerce, imports, brand selection, and so forth.
The profits forecast and investment rating: Small Commodity City is a central pillar of the industry’s Internet plate, and U.S. International Trade and Trade is an important hub for our small commodity exports. In recent years, companies have promoted production around the Chinagoods platform.
Business Internet reform is critical to improving the efficiency of export supply chains. We return companies to their home countries in 2023/24, with new market construction progress and less than expected development of Chinagoods and weak external demand.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board