Integrated services providers for trade in transition, with a focus on "One Way + People " , 26/04/2023, with the "entity+chinagoods" platform at its core, based on "the world's small commodities"
The company was founded in 1993 in the city of Yiu, Zhejiang Province, based on the “World's Small Capital”, and is mainly involved in market development and appurtenance services, real estate development and marketing and trade, the provision of online trading platforms and services, and online exchange.
Ease market development and operation, etc., anchoring the goal of “building a first-class international trade integrated service provider” strategy, breaking out of traditional business physics constraints with digital reform, accelerating the construction of market-centred physical economic ecology and a chinagoods platform at its core
The firm's main business is recovering and the climate continues to rise.
The Division achieved a revenue of $7,622 million per year +26.28 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $1,105 million for the mother, and a six-month rent reduction for micro-enterprises and individual business owners, affecting approximately $1 billion in income and $700 million in net profit for the mother.
Per Yvonne Hotel Services/Exhibits Advertisement/Other services, respectively, increased hotel occupancy rate compared to the previous year, short-term market operations and exhibition advertising
Under pressure. 23q1, the company is recovering strongly, and the company has earned $2.12 billion per year. The net profit from the parent is $1.08 billion per year +64.52 per cent, of which q1 is the most profitable.
The main camp structure changes the Māori rate and costs are well regulated. With regard to Māori, 2022 \triangleright significantly lowers Māori by about $1 billion in rent relief for micro-enterprises or individual business owners.
The company’s focus is on efficiency gains for development. In combination, in 2022, the company’s net-profit real market: market expansion + rent increases, and the creation of a global trading hub eco-circumstance.
The world ' s largest small commodity amplification (Vanity Internationale des Merchants) has 75,000 real estate shops serving 2.1 million small and micro-businesses up and down. In 2022, the market position remained above 98 per cent, with a turnover of 2020.9 billion yuan per year + 8.3 per cent.
Since the opening of the market in spring 2023, the average daily traffic has reached more than 200,000 people.
+23.4 +23.4 The return of market flows reflects the continuing improvement in the ecology of the city, which helps companies to further expand their market operations. Digital trade ecology: “cg platform + 1039 model,” combined to open new growth curves.
The advantage of Model 1039 is that digitalization reduces efficiency gains. The 2016 U-Mode is a new way of trading exports by means of market-purchased trade, leading to market upgrading off-line, with VAT-free and customs-free and remittance-receiving facilities.
Flexibility, etc., is appropriate for multi-species, multi-package, small-volume foreign trade transactions, facilitating the digitalization of downline, performance, receipts, sinks from traditional line purchases; and expanding the scale of market procurement trade and overseas demand.
The cg platform brings together the “Trade + Warehousing + Performance + Payment” link to form a full-chain service chain that closes the loops and empowers small and medium-sized micro-trade ecosystems. As a core vehicle for the company to digitize its trade, 75,000 real-sector resources depend on the company market to service the industry.
2.1 million home-based micro-enterprises upstream of the chain to build a digitally integrated trade services platform. cg platform revenue includes fees for basic services, value-added services, services to financial institutions for digital services, etc.; in 2022, cg platform achieved Gmv35.676 billion/year-on-year +112%.
The platform is driven by the integration of trade data, and the third stream of “Information Flow + Cargo Flow + Payments Flow” gathers to accelerate the formation of a closed whole-chain performance service for small and medium-sized traders.
The 2500 "purchasing treasures" products of the cg platform combine order orders, boxing, customs declarations and "four orders" of the bill of exchange to form information on the unique manner in which market purchases are traded Closed links to address the fragmentation of orders in market procurement trades, filing of boxes, no-vote tax exemptions, etc.
Warehousing: To facilitate the landing of the new model of “Eseneo+Coopers+Metrolinks” and to go online, to store information, order cabins, and deliver short-barrel operating platforms, while accelerating the digitization of offshore warehouses.
Compliance: The company ' s cooperative project with China and the Far Sea, Pros led to the creation of a joint venture, a smart-wing port, the creation of a platform for digital cross-border logistics third-party delivery, the intelligent development of a coordinated implementation service system across the entire chain, and the reduction of trade costs,
Improved level of trade facilitation: payments: the platform creates a closed link between payment and financial flows using products such as corporate payments, factoring, currency exchange, etc., and goods and treasures.
In late 2000, the city’s digital renminbi was officially launched, and the construction of the city’s digital renminbi began.
The sum of more than 799 million yuan is due to the opening of 60,000 digital renminbi wallets, with a cumulative volume of 219,000 transactions. yiwupay provides a digital renminbi & cross-border payment solution that supports cross-border receipts in 16 major currencies around the world.
Over 400 banks around the world have been established, covering more than 100 countries and regions, to provide safe and efficient integrated payment solutions.
The “Einio” Central Europe programme contributes to international economic development along its borders. The “Einio” Central Europe programme is based on the import and export of small-scale goods in Italy, which leads up and down the chain of dynamic logistics industries.
By the end of 2022, 19 lines had been opened, 51 countries and territories had been covered, and 160 cities had been issued 2,269 rows a year, with annual shipments exceeding $40 billion, making it a “gold ribbon” for dealing with Central Europe on a “one-way” basis.
The Strategic Cooperation Framework between Zhejiang and Zhejiang was signed by Zhejiang, which aims to cooperate in the construction and operation of the "one-way" international data centre, and to move the IDC project forward as soon as possible.
The company's proposed investment of $500 million in the establishment of the Cloud Route Corporation (100 per cent ownership) will accelerate the development of the International Data Centre project, facilitate the exploration of a new international Internet data exchange hub, and eventually bring together large trade data from a "one-way" world.
A comprehensive digital transformation, with the “aigc+data elements” equipped with a full link.
The $8.3 billion creation of a global digital trading centre, which embeds the eco- and digital base of digital economic development into all segments of trade in small commodities, will accelerate the transformation of companies into integrated services providers for international trade. The project will help companies to increase the digitalization of trade.
Full chain extension, clustering development, enhanced customs duties, silo integration, building transactional performance integration, industrial city linkages, old and new market synergies, bottom-line convergence, “one-stop” service platforms for small-commodity trade between domestic and foreign countries, all constructed
New barriers to trade data elements. Digital publisher, "Mrs. Boss" and "Market + Digital" intelligence upgrades. International Business in Italy, “Market + Digital" model for innovative markets for new energy products east of the city's 2nd district, for the first time.
Launching of the YU ' s "boss"i image interactive screen, using cutting-edge applications such as 5g, Woncosmos, ai interlocking screens, 3d-hour connectivity, using hardware and software to achieve line alignment, top-down complex, cloud network connections, optimized delivery mode, from "passive service"
A shift to “smart services”, business-enabling, and a new investment proposal for a small commodity city: a company based on “the world's small capital”, with a market operating as a ballast business that continues to widen its borders while at the same time pushing for a “cg platform plus an obligatory global digital trading centre” + “a part-way”
The International Data Centre, which accelerates the construction of the digital trading industry chain, is closing. As the tenth anniversary of the “one-way” process continues, and the renminbi internationalization continues to break out, watch the corporate cg platform and the cross-border payments business bring about new levels of performance.
Road + data elements (information flow + cargo flow + payment stream)” Four core logical drivers of a rapid shift to an integrated international trade service provider. Companies are expected to return to net profits in 2023-2025 The impact of the internal and external macro-environment, the risk of policy change, and the pace of recruitment are not as fast as expected.
The company's main business is divided The Chinese securities service team is based on basic research, based at the frontier of the industry, global view comparison, deep-tracking of the meta-cosmos, catering tourism, tax exemption, medical beauty, jewellery, education, state-of-the-art consumption trends, and deep smelling of valuable cattle.
This report is not about any area, country, or other area under whose jurisdiction SAC and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.