The three-quarterly report of the UIC: a core card on the i industrial chain, waiting for gb200 to bloom; on October 30, the company released its third quarterly report for 2024.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company increased by 11% over the year. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \right \triangleright \ \triangleright \ \
In the first three quarters of 2024, the corporate cloud computing business as a whole earned yoy + 71%, of which, i server operating income +228% increased to 45% of the overall server collection, showing a quarterly upward trend. Data Centre 400g/800g high-speed switch 2024
Quarterly operating income +200%. In addition, the general server has been warming for a period of 22% in the first three quarters of 2024.
The company's core position on the i-server and industry chain, which is leading the world in the field of servers and switchboard odm, is at the core of the i-industry chain. At the end of the New Year, Gb200 is about to enter mass production.
The Division is expected to benefit from the core, with a higher share expected in the area of ai servers and switchboards. In addition, Apple is one of the leaders at the end of the country, and the company, as a major supplier, is expected to enjoy two-fold growth at the end of the cloud and achieve a long-term high rate of growth.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profit base of 2024e/2025e/2026e, the core shares of the chain of power industries, and we look forward to the company's development in this area, and we maintain the firm's Sunda S.A.
In November 2022, the Sinda Securities Electronics Group (SEP) was joined to study optical, consumer electronics, car electronics, etc.
To store chips, simulated chips, etc., processors, pcb, consumer electronics, etc. Part is not, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.