q3 performance is growing rapidly, and the core growth focus is on two major themes - the three-quarter review of the IUF 2024 report, which was released on 30 October 2024. Quarterly data show that 24 years ago
On November 04, 2024, the net profit was $15,141 million, an increase of 12.28 per cent.
Revenues of $17,282 million, an increase of 39.53 per cent in the same year; net return returns of $6,402 million, unchanged from the accelerated performance trend of q3 and the growth of cloud computing depth enabling companies.
The continued high performance was mainly due to strong growth in cloud computing (server) and network communications operations. 1) In cloud computing, the company received 71 per cent of the same amount of cloud computing operations in the previous three quarters of the year, of which the i server branch increased its share of server collection to +228 per cent.
Unlimited sale of a share/total equity 45 per cent, with a 48 per cent value of q3, while the general server continues to cool, the last three quarters of smartnic/dpu card continues to drive network communications operations, with 400/800g high-speed traffic
In the last year, equities compared to the depth of 300, the cost-control capability has been excellent and the profit margin has been optimized. On the cost side, the company’s ability to manage three fees has remained stable, the 24-year q3 quarter management rate ring is basically consistent, and the R&D fee has been optimized.
A 0.44 percentage point decrease in the rate of use. Good cost control raises the profit margin level, and, in profits, as corporate cost control continues to optimize, the Māori rate and net interest rate levels are expected to slow in the long run.
Gb200 series products are expected to be launched from 2024q4 and 2025q1, and the industrial consortium, as a roll-out of the gb200, is expected to benefit in depth from a significant expansion of the needs of the one server; and 2) i mobile phones are energy-intensive, heat-dispersed and require the control of metal materials
High, the Federation has mastered a wide range of materials and crafts that are plastic, radiant and colorful in metal institutions, and its high-end machinery is better delivered than market performance and will be further developed in the future by Tinai.
With the acceleration of the development of the infrastructure of the one and the continued prosperity of the downstream applications, the company, as a close partner of the British Weida, is expected to continue to benefit from the long-term expansion trend of the one, the commercialization of the one model, the underinvestment of the North American cloud producers, and the macroeconomy.
A summary of data projections on corporate financial statements The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for portfolio investment, produces the present report independently and objectively and with due diligence and professionalism, and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, and that any conclusions are not in any third position
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.