A high-speed growth driven by performance and technological innovation on a fast-rider basis, with strong corporate performance on 31 October 2024. The Federation of Industrial Wealth issued its third-quarter report in 2024, the first three companies in 2024.
\triangleright quarterly revenues of $436.4 billion, an increase of 32.7 per cent over the same period; net returns to mothers of $15.1 billion, an increase of $17.3 billion, an increase of 39.5 per cent over the same period; net returns to mothers of $6.4 billion, an increase over the same period
1.2 per cent long; net profit of $6.2 billion earned on the realization of the deduction from the later return to the mother, an increase of 3.4 per cent over the same period; a well blow-out of the i server business, where the company’s performance has increased significantly with the wave of the i.
During the first three quarters of 2024, the corporate cloud computing business as a whole increased revenue by 71% over the previous year, with an increase of 228% in revenue from the i server. At the same time, the company and the time it seized the opportunity of the ii wave to continuously upgrade the i server as a share of business income on a quarterly basis, which is now up.
Up to 48%. At the demand end, the demand side of the i server shows a very strong demand dynamic and the market demand rises sharply. Trendforce predicts that the i server will dominate the server market in 2024, with a projected output of $187 billion, an annual increase of 69%, far higher than the average, with a 65% ratio.
In the near future, artificial intelligence \triangleright technology has made a major breakthrough in its ability to reason. On September 12, 2024, openai published its codename:
The O1 series model for Strawberry, which is a much more intriguing model than the first one, is superior to gpt-4o, which handles complex programming, mathematical problems and explains the reasoning process efficiently. Arithmetic, the defects of the British Welda blackwell chip have been repaired with the help of a battery. The chip is now in strong demand and is fully produced and will be in season four.
The company, as a partner in Weida, showed a new generation of i servers and liquid cooler cabinets working with Weida early in the year, highlighting energy-efficient and efficient heat-dispersing designs. We expect that Weighta's performance and capacity needs will drive further.
Thanks for the high-speed rotation of the one-drive data centre switch, which increased significantly by 400/800g. idc \triangleright
It is projected that since 2024, the arrival of 400gbps port switches will continue to climb, while the maturity commercialization of 51.2tbps chips will further enhance the wider application of 400gbps technology. At the same time, the ai-calculation will require a significant increase in revenues from the 400/800g high-speed exchange in data centres in the third quarter of the year.
A review: a high rate of revenue growth for the i server, with an arithmetic boom of 128% and a ring growth rate of 27%. Large, optimized corporate product structure is expected to lead to an overall improvement in the quality of the main business and a higher level of profitability.
3. UIC (601138.sh) In-depth report: the ai gold era began when hardware production began again - 2024/07/ \triangleright
4. The Industrial Wealth Federation (601138.sh) reported a positive growth in performance in the first quarter of 2024, with the expectation that ai would stimulate demand for servers and exchange rate fluctuations.
5. IUF (601138.sh) 2023 Annual Report Review:a In the context of the wave, high-quality development has produced new dynamic energy - 2024/03/, research findings based on methodological and analytical logic, produced the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.