Mid-Column Dawn (603019): The layout core, the end of the day, waiting for the core product market, the end of the day.
On March 28, 2020, China launched its company's annual report 2019: the company became operational in 2019.
The non-net profit from the parent deduction is $385 million, an increase of 41.71 per cent. On a quarterly basis, q4 of this fiscal year achieved a revenue of $2,746 million for the production and manufacture of high-performance computers, general-purpose servers and storage, a decrease of 23.71 per cent, and a net profit of $344 million for the mother, an increase of 33.99 per cent.
The company’s Māori rate for the current fiscal year is combined with technical services.
22.07%, or 3.77pc, or 6.70% net interest rate, or 1.54pc, or 1.54pc, for the same year. Corporate profit programs, cloud computing services, have been widely applied to the government, with higher growth due mainly to other gains of $222 million (+42.05%) and the construction of industrial bases.
Sources, the Internet, education, meteorology, medical care and utilities contributed to the increase; investment returns amounted to $114 million, mainly in various areas of society such as the current increase in profits of participating companies and subsidiary shares.
The company has increased its research and development investment in high-end computing machines, storage, cloud computing, big data, network security, autonomous software, and core technologies in such areas as high-end computers, storage and cloud computing have achieved national leadership and international sophistication.
The Department invested $921 million in R & D, an increase of 27.26 per cent, or 9.67 per cent in revenue collection, of which capital, sealight information, for the first time made a profit, generated $390 million a year, an increase of 245.13 per cent, and further developed the company in the area of chips.
Focusing on high-end computing products, deepening collaboration with dragon cores, and focusing on home-grown server products. Benefiting from market and business layout adjustments, the company collected $7,504 million in high-end computer products, an increase of 4.22 per cent compared to the 4.22 per cent increase, and research and development of instrumental products, with the launch of a series of Dragon-based platforms, 3a4,000 and 3b4,000cpu.
The company’s product lines, based on domestic processors, have been enriched. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies are the main suppliers of hardware such as high-end computers, storage, etc. in the country.
One of our counterparts, looking at the company's advanced eco-building, we expect the company to be a net research assistant for 2020-2022: Wei Zong, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Higher corporate profitability, higher core technology R & D investment, higher M & D revenue, and higher M & A revenue in the second half of the year were affected. The net return to the mother was $594 million, an increase of 37.86 per cent, and the non-net profit to the mother was $385 million.
The increase in gross domestic product (GDP) was 41.71 per cent over the same year, mainly due to other gains of $222 million (+42.05 per cent) and an increase in construction subsidies for industrial bases; investment returns of $114 million as a result of the increase in the current profits of participating companies and the transfer of equity to subsidiaries; the increase in the company ' s Māori ratio and the higher than expected increase in cash flow. The Māori rate for the current fiscal year was 22.07 per cent, an increase of 3.77 pct over the same year, with a net interest rate of 6.70 per cent, compared with 6.70 per cent.
An increase of 1.54 pct. During 2019, the cost was 16.47% of the total revenue, an increase of 2.88 pct over the same period, of which sales costs were 4.83%, an increase of 7.74%, an increase of 2.14 pct over the same period. Net cash flows from the company’s operations amounted to $3.174 billion, an increase of 402.93% over the same period.
1.2 Increased R & D investment to improve core competitiveness. In 2019, companies increased their R & D investment in high-end computers, storage, cloud computing, big data, network security, autonomous software, and core technologies in such areas as high-end computers, storage and cloud computing advanced domestically and internationally.
In 2019, 62 new patents were granted to companies, of which 40 patented inventions enhanced the company’s core competitiveness. Figure 5: Corporate R & D inputs and acceleration in recent years 2. Deep collaboration with the core, with sealight making the first profit.
2.1 In collaboration with the deep core, the development of server products on the cpu platform, with domestic leadership in terms of product specifications, quality, ease of use, and long-term collaboration between the company's home-grown processor-based products, the dawn and the dragon core. A series of core processors, autonomous controllability, and ownership have been developed around the cpu developed autonomously by the core.
Intellectual property products, including the hard core desktop terminal, the hard core rack server, the hard core storage server, the hard core blade server, the hard core firewall, the hard core load balance, the hard core fort machine, etc. In August 2019, the hard core central section worked with China Dawn on the product of the Dragon core cpu and the Central China Dawn cloud computing system v4.
Test certification. Test results: Central and Eastern Dawn cloudview cloud computing system v4 products were successfully installed on the core 3b3000 platform, operating well and the system as a whole was stable and performing well. 2.2 Sealight chips are profitable for the first time, and there is much room for business growth.
In 2019, the company’s shareholding subsidiary, Sealight Information, earned $390 million, an increase of 245.13 per cent over the previous year, making a first profit of $60 million, which was reversed by a net loss of $35.766 million over the same period last year. Though affected by the list of entities, sealight x 86 streaming and volume production processes were blocked, the source of Eastern wealth was a source of wealth.
The impact of the “real body list” event on sea light chips will diminish as national substitution expands. The company has now built two major national production x 86 server bases in Kunsan and Fuku State.
The normalization of the sea light chip for profit will increase the company’s overall collection and Māori rate as a result of the high overall Māori rate of the chip. The x86 processor is one of the most widely used processor structures in the world today, especially in the pc and server areas, which account for more than 90% of the server market.
The company Tianjin Hae-gwang agreed with the md to establish a joint venture to provide the joint venture with technology such as X86 authorizations.Amd adjusted the supply chain to boost the layout of the product lines, and the “list of entities” 3.1 had a certain impact on performance and responded positively to the guarantee of profitability.
In June 2019, the company was placed on the “entity list” by the United States Department of Commerce's Department of Industry and Security. The company's supply of raw materials was significantly affected in the short term, with the growth rates of 5.93 per cent and 23.71 per cent, respectively, in the third and fourth quarters of 1919. The company's share of x86 servers dropped from 11 per cent in the second quarter to 4 per cent in the third quarter.
But, by overhauling the supply chain, looking for alternative components, and communicating actively and effectively with major suppliers, the company effectively secures most of the raw materials. At the same time, the company adjusts its market and business layout, appropriately reduces the scale of sales of generic products with a low Maori rate, and operates smoothly throughout the year.
3.2 Active promotion of product lines, common deployment of the computer industry High-end computer products: company structure in high-performance computer systems, energy-efficient computing systems, high-speed interconnection technology, liquid cooling technology, high-performance
Computer management and transport software, advanced computing service platform software, and so on, continue to increase research and development. A new, dense and energy-efficient generation of silicon-cube high-performance computers using impregnated liquid-combus cooling technology achieves volume production and completes the 200gbps high-speed interconnectivity module development.
Repository product: In 2019, the company launched a brand-new, flexible and expanded intellectual block storage product that meets the need for common data storage, and that allows for a single, flexible and scalable virtual storage resource pool that reduces the cost of data centre construction.
For applications in the fields of meteorology, energy, finance, and other high-sea, high-sea, Guangzhou, Zhejiang, Shandong, and Henan highway information construction projects. Versions, companies are deeply involved in the development and evaluation of standards such as the assessment of the capacity of the tss cloud service, and the guarantee of 2.0, building urban clouds based on urban clouds, building an application service system for intelligent cities, providing a platform for integrated cloud service capabilities; and launching large police data, smart transport, and big government data industries
Cloud computing solutions to meet the needs of government, public security, etc. in the areas of running urban governance, human services, and the economic development of urban industries.
The company is one of the major suppliers to the domestic market in the field of high-end computers, storage, etc., looking at the ecological development of the company’s advanced computing industry, and we anticipate an increase in trade friction between China and the United States, increased competition in the industry, and less than expected investment in research and development.
Mid-Column Dawn (603019): The layout calculates the chip at the end of the day, waiting for the core product market to take off, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth.
China Science Dawn (603019): The layout calculates the end of the chip and waits for the core product market to take off.
High growth areas such as retail, ott, research assistant profile Chen Xiaobo
We've tried to be objective and impartial in the content of the report, but the points of view, conclusions and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.