Autonomous control over the mirage of the list of entities, the distance of the sky: the company announced on 28 March that in 2019 it had achieved gross operating income of $9,526 million, an increase of 5.18 per cent; a net return profit of $594 million, an increase of 37.86 per cent; and Māori.
The pace of growth in revenue, influenced by the list of entities, has slowed, companies have actively integrated into the list of entities by adjusting the structure of their cost inputs, and the intel chip is not available properly, with a greater impact on server production. By overhauling the supply chain, companies look for alternative components and major supplies.
Business actively and effectively communicates and effectively ensures the supply of most raw materials. At the same time, the Department has been active in responding effectively to the temporary difficulties of enterprise development by adjusting the structure of the cost inputs. In 2019, the overall cost rate rose in an orderly manner, reaching 4.83 per cent (+0.58 pct).
Due to technological competitiveness; financial cost of 1.50 per cent (-0.05 pct), with increased investment in research and development as the “breaklight debt” increased to 738 million yuan, an increase of 45.56 per cent over the same period, and continued to increase access to high-end computers, storage, cloud computing, big data, network security, autonomy and softening.
Research and development inputs in the areas of high-end computers, storage and cloud computing, etc. The steady growth of operations, such as centres of excellence, has led to improved revenue structures and a marked increase in profitability: the corporate sector is divided into three main areas: high-performance computers plus software services plus storage operations, and three operations are stable.
Growth and increased profitability have effectively improved its collection structure and increased the overall Māori rate. Business composition, (1) achieved $7.504 billion in high-performance computers in 2019, an increase of 4.22 per cent in the same year, and Māori 14.41 per cent (+4.03 ptt).
The sum of the PCF projects, such as Fatty and Chengdu, totals more than 2,624 million yuan, exceeding the country's major scientific infrastructure, with very high technological content, large-scale single-body projects, which are expected to maintain a high profile in the future. (2) Software development and integration are well developed.
The Māori rate has risen. Software development and integrated operations generated $1,060 million in 2019, yielding $405 million a year, an increase of 33.66 per cent, a net profit of $89 million, an intellectually distributed block storage product, a successful national meteorological information centre storage expansion project and multi-terrestrial highway information development.
The overall Māori rate of the company rose from 18.30% to 22.07%, and the net interest rate from 5.16% to 6.33%. There is still room to increase the overall Māori rate in the future as the share of low Māori business income continues to decline.
Industry is a technology- and capital-intensive area, and the increase in profitability is inextricably linked to the high level of investment by firms. Since its creation, companies have continued to deepen their scientific and technological work on high-end computers, storage, cloud computing, big data, network security, autonomous software, etc.
Ping. Ten years in 2009-2019, China ' s high-performance computer top 100 rankings increased the number of patents granted to 62, including 40 patents for inventions, a well-established intellectual property system, and an effective upgrading of the technological premium for high-end computer products. Companies ' persistently high levels of information-based application of innovative inputs not only boosted core competitiveness.
Parity also leads to an increase in the overall Māori rate, net interest rate, and net asset rate of return. The company ' s sales rate reached 22.07% (+3.77pt) in 2019, up from nearly six years; net sales interest rates reached 6.7% (+1.54pt), up from nearly seven years; net asset gains, autonomously and in controlablely, crosses the mirage of the list of entities, and companies are likely to grow faster than market expectations: in the chip area, Halowin is expected.
The company, while accelerating its own sea light cpu development, has stepped up its research and development of products based on processor products such as dragon cores, launched a series of server products based on dragon cores 3a4,000 and 3b4,000 cpu platforms, completed the product testing certification of the claudviewv4 cloud computing operating system and dragon core cpu, and further enriched the autonomous controlled product lines.
In December 2019, the China-Store map of investments in large data fields was reviewed by the CDI Board, and positive progress has been made in innovative enterprises such as China-Ching and Guangxi Clouds, which invest in urban construction and operations. The "list of entities" has forced companies to speed up the process of self-controllable innovation, with low Maori generic sales falling faster in the short term, but
The firm market position of the company in the autonomous control chain and its strong upstream and downstream bargaining power have effectively improved its financial position. At the end of 2019, corporate receivables, advances and advances decreased by 5.87 per cent and 52.05 per cent, respectively, and advance payments and accounts payable increased by several hundred million yuan, compared to 44.95 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of company initiatives to increase raw material readiness and the delivery of goods that have not been delivered, with projected futures
In addition, the company announcement of a projected association transaction for 2020 shows that the company ' s performance in 2019 is expected to be higher than that of China, and there is a strong degree of certainty about the development of autonomously controlled business in 2020.
The company is an important vehicle in the Chinese Academy of Sciences’ “Leadering Action Plan” for the advanced calculation of the “two-chain marriage” of the innovation chain and the production chain, and it has benefited significantly from the continued push of the State’s policy of national production substitution in the field of it. It is expected that its share of common computing products based on Intelcpu will continue to decline, with a large proportion of autonomous controlled products based on Lodgecpu.
Upgrade. The positive impact of the autonomous control chain on their financial position is evident in the market niches of companies in the high-end computer industry.