Accurate performance (002475.sz) continued to grow at a high rate throughout the year, with business drivers running over a period of time: companies published annual reports for 2019, generating business income of $62.52 billion for the year, an increase of 74.4 per cent.
The Māori rate was 19.9 per cent, a decrease of 1.1 percentage points, and the net profit attributable to the parent company was $4.71 billion, an increase of 73.1 per cent, and the net profit per share was 0.88 dollars, an increase of 72.5 per cent. In the fourth quarter, the company achieved an operating income of $1 billion. In 2019, the profit distribution forecast was $1.2 (including taxes) for every 10 shares and no red shares.
High growth in business drivers and a slight decline in the structural adjustment of the Māori rate; 74.4 per cent increase in sales for the entire year 2019, with sub-products showing a significant increase in the volume of products produced by consumer electronic core customers, iPhone zero-component antennas, motors, acoustics, wireless chargers, etc., with electricity consumed throughout the year.
Sub-income growth of 94.0 per cent over the year contributed to a new breakthrough in communications and motor electronics, with a 4.0 per cent increase in revenue and 36.7 per cent in revenue collection, respectively, and a 19.9 per cent decline in the company ' s Māori rate over the year, with a new breakthrough in operations in 2019, with a restructuring of the product category leading to a small change in the overall Māori rate.
The net profit rate has increased year by year, and the cost rate has steadily declined over the period; in 2019, the net profit return of the company grew by 73.1% to $4.71 billion, and the net profit has increased year by year, mainly in tandem with the profitability of the company’s successful business expansion. As a result of the size of the collection, the cost rate has steadily declined over the period, with the three rates falling year by year in 2019.
0.6 percentage points, effective cost control, and robust operating and net profit rates in the face of a decline in the Māori rate. In monetary terms, the cost of the period increases as business expands, with R&D spending increasing by 74.0% in 2019, an important input for companies to respond to the trend toward new products.
Tsai Kyung-hyun sets the year-round growth tone, and performance drives are continuously provided by various groups of goods; companies disclose performance forecasts for the first quarter of 2020, with net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounting to 950 million yuan ~ 990 million yuan, a year-on-year increase
Jung-hoon, growing demand and telecommunications-type operations are expected to grow more than expected. Consumer electronics will continue to be an important part of the year, and the big North American clients, airpods, iphone, and sip modules, are expected to grow at a high rate, while they are expected to enter this year.
iwatch assembly: Communications operations benefit from a 5g build-up that will continue the 20q1 growth dynamic: the electronics sector of automobiles is sophisticated: three-quarter high growth rates, expansion of the production period, good growth base through in- and out-of-life growth, and will continue to grow at a high rate over the next 2-3 years.
By 2020, companies will continue to grow, and in the long run the rich business class will provide multiple drivers of performance growth.
Precision: Accurately manufactured long sails, car electronics are not moving as fast as expected; market competition has led to a decline in the Māori rate.
The company ' s sales earnings grew by 74.4 per cent in 2019 by RMB 625.2 billion in the same year, the Māori rate decreased by 19.9 per cent in the same year, the net profits attributable to the parent company grew by RMB 73.1 per cent in the same year and by RMB 4.71 billion in the same year, and the net profits per share increased by RMB 72.5 per cent in the same year by RMB 0.88.
A significant increase in product sales from consumer electronic core customers, an increase in the share of smartphones in the zero component categories, and high growth in communications and automobiles contributed to the growth of corporate performance. (i) The year was nearly three years old, with strong business growth momentum.
The company ' s sales revenue for the entire year of 2019 was $62.52 billion, an increase of 74.4 per cent over the same year, and in 2019, the core customer ' s Aerpods product increased substantially, mobile cellular units increased their share of part of the product group, and the breakthrough in communications and automobiles provided a strong incentive for the company to grow in performance. In 2019, the company ' s net profit on the stockholders of listed companies was $4.71 billion, an increase of 73.1 per cent over the same period, with each share of the net profit.
0.88 yuan, an increase of 72.5 per cent in the same year, and rising profitability at the same time as the increase in the size of the income. The company ' s Māori rate fell by 1.1 percentage points in the same year, 19.9 per cent in 2019, and its operating profitability was 9.2 per cent, 0.5 per cent and the R&D cost rate remained stable. As a result of the growth in the size of the company ' s revenue collection, the cost rate declined overall, but in monetary terms, with the industry.
There was an increase in performance, with research and development cost inputs increasing by 74.0 per cent over the same period. 22, 5 and 2.3 percentage points, respectively, of corporate accounts receivable, accounts payable and inventory swing days in 2019, and significant increases in profitability.
In terms of cash flows, the net operating cash flow of companies increased significantly by 137.6 per cent in 2019, while the health status of cash flows improved significantly, mainly as a result of the growth in company performance. (ii) The high growth continued in the fourth quarter of 2019
In the fourth quarter of 2019, the company achieved an increase of 79.9 per cent in the same year, of 24,680 million yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies. The increase of 71.4 per cent was 1.83 billion yuan in the same year. In the fourth quarter of 2019, the volume of airpodspro products was higher than expected, and the company benefited as a nuclear supplier, with revenue and profits continuing to grow at higher rates.
Figure 11: Business income and growth rates over the past 12 quarters Effective control of operating costs and improvement of operating efficiency along with business expansion. Figure 13: Profitability over the last 12 quarters
(iii) Future development strategies and business plans: achieving sustainability in the context of trend-rich product categories. Companies have moved from a single consumer electronic market to a technology-based manufacturing enterprise with a diversified zero component, modules and accessories, such as integrated coverage links, connectors, acoustics, antennas, wireless chargers and vibrating motors.
The strong production R & D and technology reserve energy accumulated by electronics, forward-looking strategic deployments and planning in keeping with market trends, enriching corporate product groups and enhancing their resilience to the risks of a single product and business in order to achieve sustainable corporate development.
The demand for household growth will keep consumer electronics growing in the future; (2) communications products will be small, integrated and integrated after moving to 5g, moving in four directions: smart driving, car networking, electric cars and shared travel, and companies will be able to implement sound communications and automobile operations through cross-border applications through deep deposits accumulated in the consumer electronics sector.
(iv) Performance forecast for the first quarter of 2020: sustained rapid growth
The company disclosed its performance forecast for the first quarter of 2020, with net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounting to 950 million yuan – 990 million yuan, an increase of 55 per cent – 60 per cent compared to the previous quarter. In the first quarter of 2020, the company effectively reduced the negative impact of external factors and continued to grow at a rapid rate, in the face of complex and severe external environmental shocks and rising costs of outbreak control and other sudden-onsets.
In terms of business income, the growth in consumer electronics continues to be due to the growth in the core customer's mobile phone product from different zero component categories and headphones over the years, which have gradually stabilized over time.
In the area of telecommunications products and automobile electronics, income levels have been growing faster owing to the trend of 5g construction and electric cars, while in the area of Maori rates, business plates have remained stable, with an increase in the completion capacity of communications products and a relatively stable combination of Māori.
In terms of costs, companies will continue to invest in product R & D, but as business size expands, the cost of scale effects will decline steadily. Companies are expected to increase their future capital spending earlier, mainly because of the fact that the volume of equipment available to major customers is not as high as expected;
(b) Automobile electronics are not moving as fast as expected;
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data