Focus on seven aspects, four steps towards deep nationalization: the Ocean River Stock Exchange (002304.sz) incident evaluation report.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn has taken the initiative to adjust the thin hair and focus on seven aspects of the problem.
We think it's a long way away. The company is deeply aware of its own problems, and by focusing on the seven front-line issues, it addresses them in the middle: first, focus on the big, long-triangular market in the province, focus on the camp and the top.
Long-triangular traditional areas such as the Sea, Zhejiang, Anhui, Shandong; Second, Focus Highlands Markets such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chongqing, Henan Markets, which need to be further consolidated Highlands Markets; Third, Focus on Consumer Operations, which bring consumer leaders and entrepreneurs to
The company visits the company's culture; fourth, the focus on the soft old wine strategy, with 700,000 tons of wine, 230,000 tons of pot, and three years of wine in the crafts class; fifth, the focus on the monolith, which pushes the sea blue towards 20 billion targets, m6+, m6+, m6+.
The crystal dream, the blue sky will advance the 10 billion goal; sixth, focus on basic grass-roots work, focus on management and inspection, and resolve for self-revolution; seventh, focus on teams, build only teams that are good, disciplined, well-trained and combatable.
In order to ensure the implementation and decision-making of the reforms, the four-step process of nationalization, with the optimal integration and association of the regions key, is the strategy of nationalization of the companies in four steps: first, optimal integration and integration of the regions;
The second is the development of four types of markets; the third is the strengthening of the organization's restructuring and development of 1 and Ocean River Shares (002304); performance stability, policy response; and the fourth is the enhancement of delegation and circle development, and the development of channels for outreach and elimination.
The company's share of the ocean river (00204): performance instruments.
Optimization of integration, such as the establishment of six districts outside the province (North, Central, Western, South and Central, South-East, Rimsu, etc.) will further enhance integration of the off-provincial market and will be strengthened in the future with the two trenches, the wine, the wine, and so on.
3 Ocean River Shares (002.04): Performance is a synergy between the Pears Fa brand and information-sharing and resource-sharing.
The company, as the leader of Soo's wine, continues to lead the brand.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, lack of recovery of consumption scenes, less development of channels, less growth of the brands of the two ditches, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.