\triangleright ups and ups and downs and ups. On the product side, the volume is split. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The same ratio-14.93%, and the same price of alcohol +29.35%; the same income of $28.539 billion for medium- and high-quality alcohol, which has kept the dominant product growing steadily, and the continued construction of the “Dream 6+” core single item, which is expected to accelerate the process of structural upgrading from the sea to the “dream” at the national level.
A strategic upgrade of the craft products was completed during the spring sugar season; 4.18 copies of the dream blues, wines, blue classics, blue classics, treasures of the treasures, and five high-end product lines continued to be produced.
The research assistant Hu Huiming continuously expands the out-of-town market and digital marketing improves efficiency. For 23 years, the company has received engineering in and out of the province, and the rate of growth has been relatively good.
In the third quarter of 2023 (00234.sz), the company has made progress in recruiting for jobs outside the province. The company has intensified its organizational reforms and continued to expand its external markets, deepening the suburbanization of towns and consumers, while the Jiangsu market has been able to harmonize its product price system and optimize its marketing.
Twenty-three-year-old Quarterly Reviews: "Voice of wine recovery products, digital marketing strategies, and steady growth. The company ' s digital marketing system continues to improve, optimizes consumer activity, promotes the marketing and marketing of dominant products, and promotes efficiency gains in marketing management.
\triangleright Review: Release of the organizational reform dividend and a steady build-up of the recovery - 2
In mid-2022, Ocean River shares (002304.sz) were reported as: Deepening the reform of the Ministry of Industry and Commerce, and the production of a “large and strong” new week.
Investment proposals: The company’s digital marketing is actively advancing, the price board system is being managed with efficiency, the extra-provincial product \triangleright methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.