Ocean River shares (002.04) Food beverages further increased, with more robust off-provincial growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Realising total operating income of $16.26 billion, i.e. +8 per cent, achieving a net return to the mother of $6.06 billion, with a slight increase in the ratio, and robust out-of-town growth. In 2023: 1, by sub-product structure, middle- and high-end alcohol, respectively, generated $28.54 billion (+8.8 per cent), ordinary alcohol, $3.95 billion (+20.7 per cent), and weak recovery in business consumption.
Middle-high alcohol growth has been somewhat stressed. 2 Subregionally, revenues of 14.39 billion yuan (+8.1 per cent), 181 billion yuan (+11.9 per cent) have been realized in and out of the province, while the share of out-of-towns has increased by 0.9 percentage points to 55.7 per cent, while the opening of out-of-country markets has gradually become the main source of growth. 3 and the volume of prices have been broken down, with sales falling by 14.9 to 166,000 tons, ton.
The price increases ranged from 29.5 per cent to 1.96 million yuan per ton, the company ' s focus product structure was upgraded, the distribution of the series of products above the sea, sky, dreams continued, the low-end alcohol was used as a “volume-down” strategy, the ton price increases were significant, the advertising promotion fees increased by 43.3 per cent to $3.46 billion, and the sales cost increased by 2.4 per cent on the same basis.
Point to 16.3 per cent; steady decrease in management costs, with a 1.1 percentage point decrease in the overhead rate of the superpositioned scale effect and a 1.1 percentage point increase in the cost of the sale using a continuation of the pitching rhythm; and a continuing downward trend in the administrative cost rate, with a 0.9 percentage point decrease, a 0.35 percentage point decrease in the combined cost rate and a 1.15 per cent decrease in the net interest rate of the sale
The company continues to push for product structural upgrading around the idea of “product refining, structural optimization”: around the goal of “deep-farming camp, deep nationalization.” Growing space for growth: One, focusing on strategic products such as Sea Sky Dreams, top-heavy wine, etc.
The Blue Sea, Dream 6+ Core Monument, Crystal M3, coordinated follow-up, product strategy became more focused and structure continued. 2, Focused on the main market, off-site upland markets and priority areas, pushed down channels to sink and fine-tune, actively seized more market shares, and the growth space continued to grow.
The company continues to push forward deep nationalization and product composition upgrading, looking at the company's ability to grow over the long term and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
1) Benefiting from product structural upgrading, robust growth of core product lines such as Seaborne Dream, and the re-emerging of two-trenched brands 2) The corporate focus on high-end branding will steadily increase the Māori ratio in moving towards product structural optimization; relatively high corporate product structure, weak recovery in business consumption, pressure on revenue growth, continued pace of sales costs, scale
The management cost rate has been steadily reduced, combined rates will be reduced and net interest rates have been steadily raised, and Noone will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.