China Connect (600050) Communications based on 4g, 5g Future Capable Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
In 2018, the company achieved its main operating income of $26,3.7 billion, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the parent company amounted to $4.1 billion, an increase of 858 per cent over the same period.
Internet access operations, with 0.6 pp for mobile operations and netting operations under “facilitating rates” and competitive market pressures, resulted in a net increase of 3,087 million households, or 51.8 per cent, in the same year, for a total of 320 million households.netization operations generated $963 billion, or 6.0 per cent more, of which a net increase of 4.34 million broadband users was recorded.
A 234 per cent increase in the same year, with a total of over 80 million households, and a 42.3 billion yuan gain in fixed broadband access, with a significant reduction in the same year: idc and cloud computing operations, physical networking operations, big data operations and ict operations, with 33 per cent, 48 per cent, 284 per cent and 69 per cent increases in the same year, are gradually becoming corporate revenue increases.
The main driving force in the long run was 23 billion yuan, representing an 8.7 per cent increase in total revenue from the overall main business, 41.5 per cent, a more robust financial position for the company, a sustained increase in capital strength and a sustained rebound in profitability. 4g laid the user base and 5g was available for the future. At the beginning of 2019, the company announced a 4g of 348.8 billion yuan in size.
The base station tender, which continued to build up the 4g network coverage capacity during the pre-commercial night of 5g, helped to boost 2/3g offline and reduce maintenance costs, and facilitated the accumulation of more high-value users, laying the user base for 5g development. In 2018, the company ' s 4g user base grew by a net of 4.5 million households, bringing the total to 220 million households and 4g using 4g.
The market share of households increased by 1.3 percentage points over the same period, the total flow of Internet-enabled mobile phones by 4g users increased 1.8 times, and mobile phone users reached about 6gb. In addition to continuing to upgrade their 4g network capacity, the company stepped up the process of remodelling its 5g resource packages in many cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Hebei, Guizhou, Yunnan, Yuan, etc.
Deployment, testing of pre-commercial base stations, and active application exploration in the 5g industry to foster the maturity of the industrial chain and scale up the experiment to achieve the target of a "4g+5g" web of fine products. In 2019, the company plans to build up its 4g network coverage capacity this year and build a 5g actively, with a significant multiplier effect.
No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.