Performance growth is higher than expected, and the company ' s future development continues to be valued
The increase of 5.84% over the previous year is 29.880 million yuan. Innovation in the business model has been remarkable, with users growing in space: the company’s ability to perform well in 2018 has increased considerably.
Transforming, by promoting business efficiency through the introduction of differentiated products. The blending dividend has initially emerged, creating a “five new” connection: companies continue to push for institutional streamlining, marketing incentives at the same time, increasing employee productivity and increasing human capital flexibility.
During the year, the first phase of the management reform of the Yunnan branch was successful, with the introduction of 1.2 billion yuan in funds for the construction of 7,400 4g base stations, with a marked reduction in construction costs per unit, which rose by 17.7 per cent per year, above the industry average of 13.2 pp. In terms of development strategies, the company has formed 12 industrial Internet companies, mixed with others.
Transforming the dividends will help build new genes, new governance, new operations, new dynamics, new ecological strategies for high-quality development, and new operations such as cloudnet integration are growing rapidly: companies and companies such as Batj, droplets, Chinese life, etc. in Internet finance, object networking, cloud computing, ai, etc.
There is deep cooperation in the field, which effectively helps China connect into the vertical sector and expands the market space of its customers.1 China Connect (600050): Activating and expanding effectively through the new business model of cloud network integration through cloud-smart networks and smart applications.
Flow operations, mobile users, and government businesses continue to rise. The industry’s Internet revenues grew by 45% over the year, cloud computing revenues by 99% over the same year, and cloudnet synergies were significant.
2. China Connect (600050): China ' s new laboratory, operating in 10 priority industries, demonstration and exploration, contributing to the creation of new needs, one of the series of reports on the United Nations Network: Improvement
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies constantly upgrading core corporate competition through blending and market innovation;3 China Connect (600050): China
To promote sustained revenue-side improvements, significantly lower financial costs, significantly lower liabilities, and capital connectivity: continued strong performance in the first three quarters, further optimized; traditional operations, through differentiated operations, are designed to reach high-potential users and ensure that they reach high-potential users
The mixed results show a steady growth in business performance, while the emerging industries are leading the way, injecting into the medium- and long-term development of the company. The company issued its annual 2018 report, and the company ' s business performance was excellent.
The total income of the business was RMB 29.880 billion, an increase of 5.84 per cent in the same year. RMB 263.683 billion, an increase of 858.3 per cent in the same year, was realized, and the company capital structure was further optimized, with the financial cost of RMB 138 million in 2018, a decrease of 103.4 per cent in the same year.
Companies’ interest-bearing debt continued to decline, with interest-bearing debt falling from 73.8 billion to 37 billion, and interest-interest spending significantly reduced. Companies insisted on efficiency-oriented precision investment, based on four factors: market-driven, competitive, technology-driven and economic drive, to enhance network competitiveness and maintain differentiated leadership.
With 10% savings compared to the plan, the planned capital spending will rise in the coming five-year-old year, and the proportion of input to the mobile network will increase. Connectivity plans will take advantage of the new 900mhz frequency of 2x5mhz to speed up the lte9000 network, which we believe will be effective in improving user experience and layout 5g commercial.
Mobile networks, mobile networks, fixed network broadband and data
Solid broadband and data infrastructure, transmission networks and other infrastructure, transmission networks and others
Business models have shown remarkable innovation, with users growing in space, growing by 3,087 million households throughout 2018, with 4g users growing by a net 4.5 million households, with 4g share increasing by 1.33 pp. The mobile main business income has increased by 5.5% over the year, up from the industry average of 0.6 pp.
In the face of intense market competition, China Connect has not blindly followed competitors' low-priced and unlimited products, and has continued to promote the Internet transformation of market operations. It has taken advantage of cooperative Internet companies' online contact points, conducted low-cost and efficient marketing and effectively reached new users, especially high-volume youth markets, of which 2i2c users reach 94 million households and 2i2c.
More than 20 per cent of the total mobile income is earned, while the value of young clients has a high degree of value growth compared to other clients of other ages, with a high degree of user stickyness, with a renewal rate of over 95 per cent for 2i2c, addressing the needs of large-flow users through the introduction of differentiated products, with full contact points on-line and off-line.
It also focuses on light contact points such as front lines, heterogeneity unions, natural persons, etc., and connects to rising households while increasing income capacity and income stability and growth expectations. The mixed dividend is beginning to emerge, creating a “five new” connection:
In the context of the institutional reform, the number of headquarters departments has decreased by one third, the number of provincial branches has decreased by one quarter, and the number of middle-level managers has dropped out by about 15 per cent, encouraging the movement of personnel from basic to innovative areas, continuously optimizing the staffing structure, and awarding the company ' s restricted stock of 807 million shares to approximately 8,000 management cadres and core talent, introducing market-based incentives and increasing it.
Work productivity of employees, increased flexibility in human capital, and a sound basis for growth. Reform of the best representative Yunnan branch office to speed up the 4g network through the introduction of socialized capital to motivate employees to drive business development, refine cost management, and improve the efficiency of the operation, which was introduced in 2018 by Yunnan Connect.
With funding of $1.2 billion for the construction of 7,400 4g base stations, unit construction costs have dropped significantly, with annual income rising by 17.7 per cent, which is higher than the industry average of 13.2 pp.
In terms of development strategies, the company has formed 12 industry Internet companies, created innovative systems that are distinct from traditional business, introduced incremental revenue-sharing mechanisms, introduced long-term incentive models for "benefit-sharing, risk-sharing" between employees and enterprises, plus strong talent-building, increased technical talent in the industrial Internet sector by 4,500 people, and worked with leading companies to diversify equity.
In the area of strategic cooperation, China and Ali have established a joint venture company, Yundra Wisdom Technology Ltd., to serve as a political partner.
Customized software applications services: a joint venture with Tseng to create a series of intellectual and literary products; and a joint venture with Weblogs to develop the cdn market. In the same time, companies such as Batj, and Dixie, Chinese life, are involved in Internet finance, object networking, cloud computing, ai, etc.
Introducing strategic investors to ease financial pressures while effectively helping China connect into the vertical sector, finding contact points, exploring 5g application scenarios, and achieving growth in innovative business. Figure 9: New breakthroughs in the 5g application experiment in priority industries
The company has been able to expand its business effectively through a new business model that integrates cloud networks with smart applications, with industry’s Internet revenues increasing by 45% over the year, cloud computing revenues by 99% over the same year, and cloud networks achieving significant synergies. At the same time, the company and its partners set up a 5g joint innovation laboratory to demonstrate business applications in 10 priority industries.
In collaboration with Ali, the strategic partner in the tweaking strategy, to create a public cloud product branded “Wow Cloud”, and to create a customized application service with Ali in a joint venture to generate rapid growth in cloud and net income: first year of launch
We continue to look forward to the future development of China’s connectivity, to the company’s core competitiveness through diversification and market innovation, to the promotion of sustained revenue-side improvements, to a significant reduction in financial costs, to a significant reduction in indebtedness, and to further optimization of the capital structure;
By diversifying operations, traditional operations reach high-potential users, ensuring robust growth in business performance, while emerging production patterns are leading, giving new impetus to firms’ medium- and long-term development. Competition exacerbates risks, and the risk of falling arpu values.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board