Prices are robust + client structure optimized, profit performance is bright in a quarter, transport & logistics performance is bright in the fourth quarter of 21 and in the first quarter of 2222.
(+29.2 per cent), net profit not attributable to the mother is 2.07 billion yuan (+34.2 per cent); a single quarter of 21 years, with a slightly higher performance than expected in the context of a single quarter outbreak control. The impact of the epidemic is manageable, and the company ' s operations in the first quarter are growing faster and at a more robust price. Four quarters and one quarter.
Cities such as Shanghai, where the epidemic continues to be controlled, resulting in reduced efficiency in the operation of courier companies, resulting in 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices and optimized client structures, with average increases in the prices of single-way shipments in four quarters and one quarter of the year.
Thanks to price repair and client structure optimization, the company ' s ability to deliver single bills in four quarters and one quarter has been significantly repaired. The company ' s net gains on single tickets in four quarters and one quarter were about 0.15 and 0.2, respectively, with a rounding up in two consecutive quarters, leading to a sudden increase in the company ' s net profit from non-repatriation.
(of which aviation, freight forwarding operations, four quarters and one quarter contributed approximately $170 million and $81 million, respectively) The company's performance in the last two quarters has been largely marked by: 1) regulatory machinery has regulated irrational competition in the express delivery sector since the second quarter of 2021, and price wars have continued to ease, especially into the fourth quarter.
Since then, leading couriers have formed a price union that has been synchronized to raise the unit price, so there has been a marked increase in the price of singles in the last two quarters: (2) The company has been improving the quality of the services of the entire network through business reforms over the past two years, and since the second half of last year the company has begun to phase out low-quality customers and excellent customers.
The round Express (600233.sh) - February business growth rebounded at a remarkable rate, with performance in the client structure. As a result of the sharp rise in oil prices and the upturn in labour costs, companies made four-quarter and one-quarter single performance advance points for circular delivery - 600233-21: Quick season price repairs, four-quarters
The cost of transportation of tickets and the cost of ticket transfers has decreased only marginally over the same period. The capital of the company has been opened in four quarters and in one quarter.
In addition, the company plans to implement the second stock options incentive scheme, in which the development of targets for testing demonstrates the firm’s confidence in its own development.
Investment proposal: to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Performance was impressive in the fourth quarter of 21 and in the first quarter of 22nd year.
The net profit from the non-return to the mother is 1.18 billion yuan (+259 per cent); the first quarter of 2022, the first quarter, the return from the non-return to the mother is 11.83 billion yuan (+32.0 per cent), and the net profit from the non-return to the mother is 820 million yuan (+142 per cent). In the context of the control of the epidemic in the first quarter, the company's performance is slight, the impact of the epidemic is manageable, and the company's operations are growing faster in the first quarter and prices are stable.
In mid-March, the cities of Shenzhen, Shanghai and other cities were under-controlled by the epidemic, resulting in a decline in the efficiency of the operations of courier companies, resulting in a decline in the average daily volume of operations, which led to a decline in the company’s operations to 5 per cent in March, with a manageable overall impact.
Based on price repairs and optimized customer structures, the company ' s profitability in four quarters and one quarter has been significantly repaired. The net gains on four quarters and one quarter are approximately 0.15 and 0.2, respectively, for two consecutive quarters.
To achieve a ring raise, leading to an explosive increase in net corporate non-repatriated profits (of which aviation, freight forwarding services contributed approximately $170 million in the fourth quarter and $81 million in the first quarter, respectively). The company ' s performance in the last two quarters has largely benefited from: 1) national and some local regulatory institutions ' irregularities since the second quarter of 2021
Rational competition, industry price wars continue to subside. In particular, after the fourth quarter of the season, the head delivery company formed a price union, and the unit price was raised simultaneously, so the company's single-way prices rose significantly over the last two quarters, and (2) the company's services of the entire network were improved through business reforms over the last two years.
Since the second half of last year, the Division began to phase out low-quality customers and optimize its client structure. The cost of transport and transit of single tickets for four quarters and one quarter of the company decreased by a fraction of the same amount, as a result of the sharp increase in oil prices and the upward movement of labour costs.
The authors’ assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party’s approval or influence; the authors have not studied them in the past, now, or in the future.