The first two wings of Paulie's estate (600048.sh) have been developed, the first two wings have been danced, and the second two wings have been developed in a balanced fashion since July 09, 2020, and the scale has continued to rise.
Paulie maintains a “one-wing two-wing” strategy, with a steady increase in the size of the real estate industry, a strong indigenous reserve and a well-developed city; while real estate finance and integrated services continue to build a platform for real estate development throughout the industry. Corporate management teams are experienced, motivated, and capable; and companies are strong and powerful.
In 2016, the company continued to focus on development as its first priority, starting a new process of scale-up and earth storage.
The company’s sales amounted to 461.8 billion yuan a year, with a 30% compound increase in three years; the investment effort remained high. In addition to acquiring land on the open market, the company completed the acquisition of Chinese air property in 2016, integrating the Paulie industry in 2017 to settle competition.
• A strategic blueprint for building a platform for the ecological development of real estate.
Integrated services and real estate finance are on the other hand.” In 2019, the company's two-wing business generated $11.306 billion; during the year of successful listing in the Pavli Industries, the son's department, earned $5.967 billion in 2019, an increase of 41 per cent in the same year; and the net profit of the mother was $491 million, an increase of 49 per cent in the same year, while the contract management area was 498 million square metres in the same year.
• Sound operations and significant profitability, with debt-servicing costs continuing at a new low of 21 per cent and 48 per cent of net return profits in 2019 respectively. By the end of the first quarter of 2020, companies had accumulated $8.5 billion in corporate debt, with a weighted nominal interest rate of only 3.19 per cent.
The PolyDevelopment Holdings Group Inc. (hereinafter “Pauli Realty” or Company) was established in 1992; the company has been continuously engaged and successfully placed on the market in 2006; and in 2013 the company went further.
Proposing a layout strategy for “3+2+x”; upgrading the “one main two-wing” strategy in 2018 to develop real estate investments as figure 1: Poly Estates have over 30 shares in a company controlled by Paulie South Group Ltd., which actually controls China's Poly Group Limited.
The value of large central companies managed by the Polytechnic Management Committee of the State Council is fully recognized by medium- and long-term funds, especially insurance funds. In February 2017, the company announced that the Tekang Insurance Group and the Tekang Life Group together held 7.35% of the insured property.
In 2016, the company continued to focus on development as its first priority, starting a new round of land-restoration and replenishment processes.
Poly property continues to be high after 2014. In terms of investment strength (measured by the amount of land taken/saled), the investment intensity has recovered since 2014, reaching 58% in 2016-2018, and the resources obtained by the company, despite the continued high yield and premium rates in the land market.
Land standards, which remained below 45 per cent in 2011-2019, effectively guaranteed that companies did not acquire land on the open market, completed the acquisition of Chinese air property in 2016, consolidated Poly in 2017 to resolve competition among their counterparts, and actively increased the size of their earth storage through mergers and acquisitions.
By the end of 2019, the company ' s land reserves stood at 213 million square metres, of which it had to develop 50.6 million square metres of land and 4,968 million square metres of land in construction projects; in just three years, the company ' s land reserves in 2017 amounted to 166 million square metres.
81.2 million square metres, covering 131.15 million square metres in construction projects. $4.618 billion in sales, with single-city sales on average of $4.3 billion, has a strong capacity to farm deep, while 108 cities in the corporate layout cover basically the core second-line city and the hotspots around the urban circle, covering three-and-four-line cities.
Figure 9: The layout of the Paulie property city has broken through 100 cities and Figure 10: The capacity of the Paulie property to contract further (2019 data) is prominent.
In 2018, Paulie upgraded the “one-wing two-wing” development strategy to “one-wing” development strategy, based on investment in real estate and integrated services and real estate finance”, creating a platform for real estate eco-development. In 2019, the company had two-wing operations.
Market-based operations and business capacity have been increasing, with revenues from two-wing operations amounting to $11.306 billion. Of this amount, the PARP industry has successfully been listed in Hong Kong's joint venture, marking the rapid development of the company's “building of a platform for the ecological development of real estate”, figure 11: the “one-wing two-wing” model of Paulie's real estate.
Investment development: Real estate investment development remains a firm and dominant business direction for the company, which will continue to maintain rigid and improved demand orientation, return to residential properties and upgrade its products, design and service packages; increase the focus and depth of second-line cities and core urban clusters.
Real estate finance: The size of the company's management of the fund is nearly 120 billion yuan, of which the ISF has been rated, on many occasions, as “China's Real Estate Fund Top 10” combined services: the Poly Property Industry is listed on the Hong Kong Federation's main board, raising funds on a scale of 5.4 billion Hong Kong dollars.
Four of the top 100 companies, and one of the top companies; sales agents, covering more than 200 cities across the country, with close to 2,000 agency projects and a business management block area of 2.68 million square metres; apartments, education, welfare, etc., have also developed.
3.1 Real estate finance: The size of fund management is hundreds of billions of dollars. Real estate finance has good synergies with corporate ownership, on the one hand, and reflects the corporate profile of the future financial sector, on the other.
Making full use of the ISF’s fund-raising capacity, combining real estate development and fund investments, scaling up external sources of financing, and reducing the cost of financing. Polycapitalization focuses on new economic equity investments, and strategic deployment of future growth points.
In cooperation with the insurance fund, the establishment of a flat-parity scheme to explore new models for insurance funds to develop old-age communities. Figure 12: Continuous increase in the size of the management of the insurance property fund 3.2. Integrated service wings: building new ecology in the production and integration industry
Through the extension of the entire industrial chain of real estate, companies have effectively integrated the ecosystem resources of the industry, operating under the umbrella of buildings, property, agents, assets, etc., to the level of 10 billion; at the same time, they have developed a system of excellent services in the fields of cultural travel, fairs, recreation, education and gold uniforms, providing one-stop integrated solutions for the betterment of the people.
In 2019, the holding subsidiary, Pavlés, was placed on the market, and in 2019, the Pavlétaire industry achieved operating income of $5,967 million, an increase of 41 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit of $491 million, an increase of 49 per cent in the same year; the number of contract management projects amounted to 1,490, with more than 170 municipalities with contract space of 498 million square metres, an increase of 38 per cent in the same year; and the management area of 287 million square metres.
Me, 51 per cent more than year-on-year, contract management area and management area ratio are high, are locked in the pipeline, are sound and profitable, and the cost of debt is falling steadily by billions, 47.9 per cent more than year-on-year, and performance growth is impressive. The company has improved its management capacity and the Maori rate has risen by 2.48 per cent.
The company’s interest-bearing debt in 2019 was $270 billion, a slight increase of 2% over the previous year, and its interest-bearing liability, a sales gain of 56.9%, compared to similar companies, has a strong credit endorsement and hence a higher cost of financing.
Big advantage. At the end of 2019, the cost of corporate finance was only 4.95%. In a context of high ground costs and policy constraints on home prices, the profitability of the industry continued to be reduced, and the advantages of corporate financing effectively guaranteed future profitability over industry equity.
In the first half of 2020, companies accumulated $8.5 billion in corporate debt, weighted votes, and the sale value of Poly Realty for 2017-2019 increased at a three-year compound rate of 30 per cent, while the contract debt increased at a rate of 5.7, 4.7 times the average per capita value of the main home company for 2020/2011, and the property as a leading house in the industry.
There are more unique advantages in storage, finance, boarding, operation, but they do not reflect a more visible flagship premium, and the company ' s valuation still has more scope for restoration. The average value is 1.18 and 0.98 times, respectively, but considering that Paulie ' s holdings are currently relatively larger than sales property.
Small, and investment-based real estate is still accounted for on a cost basis, resulting in smaller net assets and a higher rate of market appearance. Compared to the flagship companies Vankoa, Goldfield Group, China South Construction, and Gold Section shares, company pb levels are still at the same level.
The urban layout is perfect; while real estate finance and integrated services are on the move to create an industry-wide platform for real estate development. The company’s management team is experienced, motivated, brand-aware; and the company’s strong elite is one of the most volatile industries: the overall decline in the scale of the industry’s sales and the difficulties associated with home company sales returns.
2) Business risk as a result of policy adjustments: mortgage lending rates have increased significantly and home-buyer mortgage repayments will increase significantly; tax policies continue to tighten and real estate sales will be pressured, leading to a decline in the scale of sales. 3) The financing environment has been generally tightened: bank lending has become tight and bond issue rates have increased business mobility.
4) Business risk: changes in the cadre of enterprise executives and core business staff, and miscalculation resulting in sales