Centre for Research on Resources and Environment (CRED) Poly Property Purchases (First Rating) High turnover, soil storage and financing advantages
roe (belonging to parent company) billions of dollars, ranked fourth in the industry, first in the industry, thanks to the large urban layout, the distribution of goods, the concentration of products, the need for fresh changes; 2 high turnover and stable safety, adjusted for risk resistance and profitability.
Total asset turnover ranked 1st; 3rd settlement cycle, approximately 28 months, with a high Māori rate at present for settlement projects. High profitability, resulting from low land access costs, good land availability, low financing costs, low time cost: 1 low-cost earth storage guarantee high profitability; 2 sustained and well-grounded, total land cost
Controllable and not easy to get wrong; background, where the cost of financing is inherently better; and cost 4 is well regulated. Debt indicators have always been robust, financial-side regulation has not affected companies, and there is scope for future improvements in the use of leverage: one is consistently below regulatory requirements, and future leverage is used.
Upgrading of space; 2 industry trends will be more conducive to corporate development, including policy and demand levels, with low housing prices of 213 million at the end of the year; 2 projects are of good quality, with 38 core cities accounting for 58 per cent of the total, and can be acquired at low cost through the upgrading of old cities, industrial expansion, mergers and acquisitions. 3 Guangdong Provinces have a higher share of sales, and 3 Guangdong Provinces have a higher share.
Intra-farming cities, 32 per cent of the province ' s sales were in 2019 and 27 per cent of the earth ' s reserves at the end of 2019. There was a strong willingness to release their own values, with the Pavli industry listed in the Hong Kong stock: 1 company actively expressed its business value through the capitalization section, and the PHK$ 36.63 billion (20200921) was marketed in the Hong Kong stock.
In 2019, the interest industry contracted 498 million, ranked 4:2 Pavli estate delivery, which provides a continuous increase in the area of the Pavlity industry, and the proportion of the outsiders of the Pavlity Industry. Holdings are superior and can contribute to future appreciation gains: malls, hotels, and writing buildings are excellent.
In 2019, the largest, most efficient and mobile developer entered 112 cities, with a particularly strong accumulation in Guangdong Province; has been focused on development operations and has invested more prudently in other assets; settlements have a long life cycle, with a high Māori rate for the current settlement project and a slower decline in future Māori rates than their peers; we believe that Paulie will be able to do so.
There will be steady growth, and sales are expected to reach the top three, and the city’s share will rise further.
Paulie: After 28 years of steady growth, the largest and most volatile estates have emerged as “investment in real estate development, with an aggregate of billions of dollars, ranked fourth in the industry and first in the country in terms of sales”.
1992-2002: Start-up - Start-up of entrepreneurship, foundation building, 1992: Founding the “Guangzhou Poly Real Estate Development Company” under the company Pauly South. 1996: Establishment of the Poly Property Industry. 1997: Establishment of the “Property Development Line” for Real Estate Development.
In 2002-2011: Long-term, nationwide, stock-marketing year, the development strategy was upgraded to “three main combinations”.
Production is the main industry; provincial capitals and central cities; and residential development. The “three combinations” are the combination of the insistence on expanding the size of the business and improving the efficiency of the development; a combination of developmental and operational income; and a combination of asset and capital management.
In 2006, the company changed its name to “Pauli Real Estate (Governance) Inc.” and was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in July of the same year.In 2012, the company moved to the “Billion Billion Clubs” with the second largest market-occupancy industry; 2013
During the year, the “3+2” layout strategy was developed to build three major urban clusters of the Ring Sea, the Long Triangle and the Pearl Triangle, as well as a confluence of the city and the central urban complex, which was then refined to be a 3+2+x urban cluster, a strategic layout of the “x” or other cities, such as Fujian, the Special Economic Zone, etc.
In 2018, the development of a “one-key two-wing” business block, based on integrated services and real estate finance, was proposed, with a coordinated development of the three, to create a platform for the ecological development of real estate, which currently covers more than 100 cities, both within and outside the country. In 2019, the Polytechnic industry was present.
Since 2006, Paulie’s sales growth has been the country’s largest commodity house. From 2005 to 2020h1, the market share of Paulie’s sales has risen steadily, from 0.2 to 3.4 per cent.
From 2016 to 2019, Paulie’s sales remained steady at the fifth place in the industry, rising from 2020h1 to 4. Paulie signed 461.8 billion yuan in 2019 and 224.5 billion yuan in 2020h1, ranking fourth in the industry and fourth in China.
The large size of the company is largely due to the large urban layout, the good distribution of goods and the need for a new focus on products. The urban layout is wide: from only 60 cities in 2015, the company was ranked fourth in the housing stock by the end of 2019. By the end of 2019, the company had a percentage of land reserves in 38 core cities.
Fifty-eight per cent of sales contributed 77 per cent, of which single cities signed over 10 billion cities for sales totalling $250 billion. Values are well distributed: companies have been working to increase the focus and depth of core and priority cities.
In 2019, the city's deep farming continued, with 11 cities ranked first in terms of sales, the top three cities went up the same scale, plus 8 to 25, and the market was rising steadily. In the distribution of value, the company was in the Pearl Triangle and long.
At the end of 2019, the proportion of residential products was close to 90%, and the share of new and modified products was high.
The 90-144 square-metre household size is over 70 per cent, with an average household size of 116.5 square metres, which corresponds to the needs of the mainstream market and is also better suited to create a safe, healthy, fit-for-child, space-complexed full-life product.
It is efficient and balanced with stability and security to the revised total asset turnover rate.
The company not only has high liquidity efficiency, but also has a higher level of stability at the same level of liquidity, and calculates the total asset turnover rate using both the cash flow and the real estate assets in the table. We choose the industry 2019 cash flow to replace operating income, and we select the real estate component from the total asset unless it is actually in place.
Part of the client ' s portfolio, which is ranked fourth in terms of the average turnover of the total assets of the Paulie real estate business.  Adjustments to the total turnover of assets using profitability and volatility indicators are reflected in higher stability and security at the same level of turnover.
Rates, sales cost rates, management cost rates, financing costs, and net liability rates and their fluctuations are factored into the adjustment of the quality of the transit rate, which, after being processed by standardized and weighted technology, is treated as a risk-resistant and profit-adjusted average of total asset turnover, with a premium of 113%, ranking 1st.
There is a clear credit advantage, notably in the two screening indicators of financing costs and net liability ratios, suggesting that companies have greater stability and security than their counterparts at the same level of liquidity.
The company's 2019 accounts payable week is 178 days, well below the 310-day average of the 2019 sales to 5-houses, taking into account the company's state business background, high credit levels, and a much higher level of financial transactions between partners and suppliers.
There is much room for future growth in the number of working days on accounts payable, with a strong cash flow management and a strong risk-resistant return rate that has been maintained at a high level, with an average return rate of 92 per cent in 2014-2017.
At the end of 2019, the net operating cash flow was $39.2 billion, an increase of 229.2 per cent over the previous year, 2020h1 was affected by the epidemic, the size of the operating cash was reduced and the volume of the cooperative project transactions increased. At the end of 2019, the cash on the company account was $139.94 billion.
The ratio of coverage of short-term interest-bearing debt is 2.1 times higher than the average value of the sample housing stock, 1.71 times higher, the debt service is long, and the current settlement project has a high Maori rate, with an annual settlement cycle of about 28 months, compared to an equally large housing stock of about 20-24 months.
And Paulie will continue to take land, get land at a good pace, get land at an overall manageable cost, add to the slow rise in future housing prices, and still have a higher Māori rate for future corporate settlements.
Since 2011, the Maori rate has been higher than the 2019 sales of Top5 houses, and more profitable. Because of the corporate background, the cost of financing first has a pregenital advantage, and the second company continues.
The high public Maori rate and high profitability in recent years due to the high pace of sexual, land-based and strong company land reserves. Companies are now at a peak in delivery, operating revenue is recognized to be more plentiful, and the settlement cycle is longer, with a 35.7% Māori ratio of company 2020H1 and an increase of 0.7 pcts.
With a high Māori rate at the end of 2017, and a high sales totop5 firms in 2019, we believe that in the future Māori rates will decline less than their counterparts, and business income growth will be more favourable for 2011-2020h1, and Paulie’s business income will grow less rapidly than the 2019 sales totop20 firms.
But the net profit gains are higher than the average. 2020h1, Paulie's operating income is 73.706 billion yuan, or 3.6% more than the previous year, slightly less than the average growth rate of 8.0% for sample housing.
The company has a high Māori rate and benefits from high-quality, low-cost land resources. The company has traditionally had low land costs, which, in addition to the way it's filmed, can be low-graded through old city renovations, industry expansion, mergers and acquisitions.
The company took a unit price of $5802 per flat in 2019, slightly higher than the average value of the sample housing business of $5361 per flat, which is related to the concentration of public land reserves in second-line cities. The company’s price/sale price was 39% in 2019, slightly higher.
In 2019, sales to Top5 other housing firms were relatively stable and, on the basis of a balanced land acquisition, the amount of land acquired by equity (millions of yuan) Market land premium rate
The cost of financing is low, and the cost is well managed. The cost of financing for companies remains low over the long term, with the average cost of financing in 2016-2019 being 4.87%.
By contrast, the average arithmetic financing costs of the top20 and top5 firms in 2019 were 6.75% and 6.97% respectively, which is a significant difference between Paulie ' s and Paulie ' s.
The management fee as a share of operating income is the lowest in the sample company. Debt indicators are robust, and there is some room for improvement in leverage.
In September 2018, the Central Office of the Communist Party of China and the Office of the State Council issued Guidance on the Strengthening of the Limits on the Financial Liabilities of State-owned Enterprises, which classified the criteria for determining a binding indicator on the assets and liabilities of State-owned enterprises, and the principle that the average asset-liability ratio for all enterprises above the previous year's size of the industry should be the baseline, plus the benchmark
The company’s financial leverage is below the industry average, and the company does not have much room to adjust its financial leverage, apparently limited but essentially beneficial, owing to tighter regulatory controls over the total debt of housing enterprises.
As a state-owned company, the capital-stock index has long been below the red line of the State Treasury and regulation, and the tightening of future financing policies has had little effect on corporate financial leverage. Cut-off, interest-bearing liabilities have shifted to interest-free liabilities, and out-of-state debt expansion.
In the case of liabilities, business leverage is enhanced to optimize net debt ratios and cash short debt ratios, with a net liability ratio of 69.8 per cent on average, well below the 2019 sales totop5 and totop20 with an average value of 112.7 per cent and 132.2 per cent on net liability at the end of 2019 at 56.9 per cent and sales in 2019.
The value of interest-bearing liabilities is higher, but the sales income of the interest-free liability is lower, at 1.7 per cent, the average value of the industry is 1.96 per cent, and the value of the premium interest-free leverage is 2.4 per cent, compared to 2.4 per cent.
The average value of the house is 52.82%, ranking third. Molecular denominators exclude the pre-collected asset liability rate of 65.85%, which is lower than the average value of the sample housing business of 70.79%.
Figure 31: Completion of Paulie ' s financial leverage by the end of 2011 - 2011 with the speculator ' s denominator
In recent years, corporate interest-bearing liabilities have been higher than the total debt of housing firms of the same size.
Accounts payable, other accounts payable indicators are lower than the same size of housing enterprises, and companies will have greater scope for leveraging in the future, which can be converted from small stock games, interest-bearing liabilities to interest-free liabilities, off-the-shelf interest-bearing liabilities, and raised in the future by moving from interest-bearing liabilities to interest-free liabilities.
Since 2011, with the exception of 2017, the ratio of interest-free to interest-bearing liabilities has been lower than the average value of the sample housing company. The average value of interest-free and interest-bearing debt ratios for the sample housing company was 2.18 at the end of 201119 and 1.9, and was ranked 15th in the sample housing company.
The share of interest-free debt in total liabilities is also higher than the average value of the sample housing stock.
The company had sufficient land reserves to meet its development needs over the next 4-5 years. By the end of 2019, the company had 1,315.8 million areas under construction and 81.12 million areas to be developed, for a total of 213 million, of which 38 were core cities.
The city’s soil reserves, which account for 58% of the total, are well-resourced and of good quality, laying a solid foundation for the company’s continued development. The company’s land reserves at the end of 2019 were estimated to be about 4.6 times the amount sold in that year.
The land reserve is heavily cultivated by the company. The six major urban clusters together account for 88 per cent of the total, with bead triangles, central and long triangle areas accounting for 39 per cent, 21 per cent, and 9 per cent respectively.
Land storage resources are sufficient and coverage of the area of sale is high. According to the value of the total area of land storage relative to the volume of the market area in 2019, of the Top5 companies that sold, the area of land reserve (in construction + to be constructed, including the unsold portion) was the highest relative to the area of sale, 2017-2019.
Pauly's land reserves are, by and large, the most abundant of the top 5 companies that sold in 2019. Multi-channel access to low-cost project resources.
Flexible modes of outreach, such as industrial expansion, mergers and acquisitions, and co-operative land grabs, provide low-cost access to project resources, and continuously optimize resource reserves. The latter forms of land acquisition are generally lower and require higher levels of corporate qualifications and government resources than the ones taken.
Figure 45: Structure of the Pauli Land Reserve Urban Group by the end of 2019 Figure 46: Land reserve/sale area of the Top5 Houses by the end of 2017-2019
By the end of 2019, Paulie had entered 112 cities, including Guangdong with a higher share of sales and the province with a higher share of sales. In 2019, 32 per cent of sales were made in the province and 27 per cent of land deposits were made at the end of 2019.
Land deposits in 18 cities in Guangdong Province, including Guangzhou, Fushan and Jiangmen, with the largest land reserves in 2019. Subsoil reserves accounted for 24 per cent of the province, 11.6 million and 4.37 million, respectively. Chart 49: Land reserves in Guangdong Province by Pauli at the end of 2016-2019 (mankind)
In view of the second-line urban market opportunities, the urban centres and urban clusters will continue to be laid out in the future as the main driving forces of the second half of China’s urbanization, and will usher in long-term market opportunities. In August 2019, the Fifth Meeting of the Central Finance and Economics Committee identified the urban centres and urban clusters.
“The spatial structure of our economic development is undergoing profound change, with the central cities and urban communities in the country being significantly transformed” in December 2019, “The regional economic landscape for the development of a high-quality economy with complementary strengths and complementarities”
In April 2020, the Central Government and the State Council issued an Opinion on the Establishment of a Better System of Marketized Structures of Elements, which addresses, among other things, “the establishment of a sound urban/rural land market for construction.”
Promotion of market-based land component allocation is guided by principles. The content of the Opinion on land component reform is far-reaching in terms of furthering urbanization, characterized by central cities and urban clusters, and reducing the costs of urbanization.
According to the statistics office, the national average selling price of merchandise houses has largely recovered in May to the same level last year, and because of the ease of financing.
According to 300 city sample statistics, the average price index for first-line cities has been the highest since November 2019, at 107.3 per cent, mainly due to Shenzhen (15 per cent), Shanghai
Since May, several priority cities have shown an upward trend in housing prices. Of the 40 first- or second-line cities, 26 have registered a rise in housing prices since the end of 2019. Thirteen priority cities have seen an increase of more than 5 per cent, including Shenzhen, Si and Ningbo, with an increase of more than 10 per cent.
In March-May 2020, the epidemic was brought under control, the developers took over the land, the land market was hot, and the land premium rate rose. After May, it was affected by a number of urban regulatory policies, tight financing expectations, and the heat of the land market fell.
The housing price ratio has increased slightly: by analysing the average weighted national house price and the land price level as compared to the price of the house, subject to changes in the house price and last year's land price, the price of the house has rebounded slightly after the onset of the epidemic and the recovery.
As a result of the above analysis, we believe that the housing market for central cities and urban clusters, dominated by second-line cities, will be a long-term opportunity, with Paulie's land reserves concentrated in 38 core cities at the end of 2019, accounting for nearly 60 per cent of the total.
And according to our graph 55:50 City Land Price Rates Figure 57: Prices of houses treated by modulated technology - History of Land Prices ($/m2)
The size of the city will increase steadily, and the size of the city will increase with high turnover, sufficient land reserves, low land acquisition costs, a certain amount of leverage, a positive willingness to release its own value, and a tightening of future policies will benefit the country.
With steady operations, we believe that Paulie’s future sales will continue to rise, with sales rankings expected to rise from five to three.
The increase in the city's occupancy rate may have culminated in the growth of real estate, but industry concentration will continue to converge towards the head against the backdrop of “household-free” regulation, progressive regulation of property financing, and return of industry profits.
Poly 2020h1 has only 3.4% of the total, and there is still room for improvement in the proportion of leading housing firms 8% from other mature markets around the world. Given the advantages and potential described earlier by Paulie, we expect Paulie to be able to predict the size of the sale and the rate of the city for 2019-2023.
The country’s efforts to strengthen regulation of the real estate sector are on the move. For the first time, the Central Economic Workshop at the end of 2016 proposed that “houses are for housing, not for cooking” and that the relevant departments match it.
In July 2019, the People’s Bank held a symposium in Beijing on the restructuring of the credit structure of banking and financial institutions to maintain the continuity and stability of real estate and financial policies.
▪ Policy tightening is more beneficial for State developers, who have been following the red line of regulation of indicators by the National Commission and regulatory bodies, are more robust in terms of debt indicators, land intensity, etc., and continue to operate steadily, with some private developers pursuing high size and growth rates
For example, the “three red lines” set up recently by the regulatory authorities to control the growth of interest-bearing debt of real estate enterprises. Red line 1: asset liability after pre-collection is removed is more than 70%; red line 2: net.
The debt ratio is more than 100%; Red Line 3: Shorter cash debt is less than one-fold. All of the above indicators for Paulie are within the regulatory red line, and there's a certain distance from the red line. In the future, even with stricter regulations, the impact on Paulie is very small.
If other highly leveraged developers are affected, Paulie’s share of the market will increase further.
As of 21 September 2020, the market value of the company was HK$36.630 billion, third in the list of listed property management companies. As of 31 December 2019, the company was listed in Hong Kong.
Paulie’s property holds a share of 71.25% of the industry. According to the China Index Institute’s 2019 combined strength ranking, the industry ranks fourth among the top 100 companies in China’s real estate services, and first among the public administrations in China.
One billion people, 51 per cent more than the previous year, 498 million more contracts, 38 per cent more than the same year, more profitable, more value-added services, $5,967 million in 2019, 41.1 per cent more than the previous year, net equity gains.
The profits are steadily increasing, and the size of the net profits and benefits is among the top 5 of the sample companies for which data are available. The income earners in the industry come from three main sectors: property management services, non-main value-added services and community value-added services.
The Māori rate in 2019 was 20.3 per cent in the Pavli industry, including 9.83 per cent in the property management business, 31 per cent in the value added business, 27.3 per cent in the 15 sample managers ' Māori in the available data, and lower in the company ' s Māori rate than in the industry. This is due to a comparison of revenues from traditional property management services in the Pavli industry.
High, 64.4 per cent, and low, 35.6 per cent, of value-added services, and the two industries of the sample real estate management company Chart 67: Business Income from the Pavlity Industries 2016-2019 (millions of dollars), Equity Value-added services from the Pavlary Industries include mainly value-added services from non-owners, community value-added services.
Co-financing services, other non-owner value-added services, such as counselling, acceptance, delivery and business operations services. The latter include services such as beauty services, community retailing, garage management services, community media, community space management, and other services.
In 2019, the value-added services revenue of the PS was 2,123 million yuan, an increase of 61 per cent over the previous year, with the largest number of such services being in the areas of case co-processing, community accommodation and other services, of which 783 million yuan, $458 million, respectively. Figure 73: Revenue from the value-added services of selected PMS companies in 2019 (millions) and figure 74: Value-added services income structure of the PS in 2019 (billions)
The value of the industry is that it has a clear product system and location, and the company explores further how to break it down.
The demand for and characteristics of services in the area of industry, the creation of many high-quality service brands, and the rapid establishment of branding. The high-quality residential service brand, “Friendship and House,” the high-end residential service brand, “Oriental courtesy,” the business-services brand, “Star Neats,” and the public service brand, “Changing China.”
As of 2020h1, the residential community was in the range of 150 million people, or 47.3 per cent, and earned 1.63 billion yuan.
• For the commercial and writing buildings, the Polytechnic industry has created a brand of “Star Nebula” services, which focuses on the management of the operation of the writing buildings. As of 2020h1, the Polytechnic commercial and writing buildings are in the range of 860 million people, with an operating income of about $300 million.
There is still much room for growth in the revenue from the industry ' s writing services. In 2016-2019, the compound rate of the commercial and paper-writing business was 24.72%, and in 2016-2020h1, 19.16% of the complex area of the tubes.
Asset management is a central tool of the commercial writing industry, and Paulie has a full-cycle experience in managing the office of a writing building, a 24-carrying industry service experience, a top-up branding concept and excellence.
By the end of 2019, the public and other property industries in the Polytechnic industry had managed 140 million areas and generated revenue.
The new public and other operational projects run under the umbrella of Paulie include the premises of the Ministry of Justice, the town of Shunshan in the city of East Port, Liaoning Province, and the Hunan University of Commerce and Industry.
In 2016-2019, urban apparel: Figure 75: Business income from 2017 to 2020h1boli (millions), Area: 2017 to 2020h1boli Urban Service Income (billions),
Poly Estates continue to guarantee the growth of the area of the property industry, and the share of the property outlet is also increasing. The delivery of the property provides a continuous increase in the area of the property industry, while the share of the property outlet of the property industry is increasing.
In 2019, Paulie contributed 81.9 per cent, 44.9 per cent, 55 per cent, respectively, to the revenue earned by the industry, management area and value-added services.
No. 7. The delivery of Poly Property provides a sustained increase in the area and income security of the industry. These three indicators show a downward trend from 2017 to the present, indicating a continuing increase in the proportion of Poly Property Outreaches and an increasing ability to open its own business from third parties.
Possessive businesses are superior and can contribute in the future to the gains of appreciation
The size of the subject of investing in real estate and fixed assets is smaller. The 2015-2020h average compound growth rate is 41 cities with 107 projects. Business management panel management has grown to 2.68 million, of which shopping centre management covers 1.53 million areas and hotel management covers 41 cities.
940,000 people, using the light asset model to achieve branding and manage export.  shopping malls: the company has built a shopping heart brand system that is dominated by Pauliemall, Paulie Square, and Time. By December 2018, 17 shopping malls had been opened.
Most of the Paulie shopping malls are located in high-quality areas of one- or two-line cities, with a flat total of 93,000 floors. According to official network data, Paulie has 14 shopping malls (disclosed), 12 have been built, and two are in the pipeline, with a larger number of second-line cities, accounting for 64% of the total.
The largest number is in the Eastern Province, with two in Guangzhou. And the shopping malls are located in the heart of the city. For example, the Wally Times in Guangzhou is located in the new city of Cbdju River, and the Paulie Times in Guangzhou is located in the first-line city, the second-line city, the third-line city, the third-line city, the fourth-line city.
▪ Hotels: Paulie has a fully-owned subsidiary dedicated to hotel operation management, operating 18 hotels and conference centres in 13 cities of the country in February of the year through self-employment, brand-to-brand operations. More than 43 hotels have been prepared for operation, and more than 2.2 million rooms have been built in 33 cities throughout the country.
The Paulie Hotel is mostly located in high-quality areas or landscapes in well-known cities, with an average of 63,000 hotels with disclosed data. According to the 23 hotels with disclosed data, it is the largest in Guangdong Province.
There are nine more, including five in Guangzhou. Twelve hotels with an average of 63,000 buildings have been published. The Paulie Hotel is located essentially in the known urban regional centres, such as the Guangzhou Science City Centre, the Financial High Technology Services Area, the Yangjiang ten-mile Silver Beach, Zaya Bay, Fuku.
Figure 86: Hotel Project Urban Capability Chart 87: Hotel Project Project Urban Distribution of Hotel Projects in Guangdong Foshan, which has disclosed data in the PolyNet section
Guangdong Yangjiang, the second-line city of Guangdong is emerging.
I'm in Sichuan Chengdu.
Figure 88: Distribution of hotel locations and building space (all sides) disclosed in the Polynet section
Writing building: Paulie's writing building is basically located in the heart of a second-line city, where the data are disclosed, with an average of 162,000 floors. According to the 11 penthouses in which Paulie's data has been disclosed, it is the largest in Guangdong Province, with 7 of them located in Guangzhou City. Paulie's writing building is basically located on the second-line line.
The city’s core areas, such as the new city of Joojiang, Guangzhou, the Wuhandong Lake Zone for the Development of New Technologies, etc.
Figure 92: Distribution of written buildings and building space (all sides) disclosed in the Polynet section  Sales: Given the speed at which Paulie has settled over the last two years and the size and speed at which he has taken the land, we expect to generate revenue from the operation: Paulie's available resources are very strong and future performance is guaranteed: Paul's performance is already stable
By the end of 2020, the amount of outstanding sales will continue to grow. We believe that Paulie’s combined settlement revenue growth over the next three years will remain capable of sustaining more than 10%.
Net profit on equity and Māori ratio: The company is now at a peak in delivery, business income is well recognized, and there is a longer settlement period, Paulie has settled sales up to the end of 2017, house prices have increased considerably in 2017, and currently settled projects have a high Māori rate. And Paulie will take land on a continuous basis.
Purpose Māori rates will continue to be high, and future Māori rates will decline less than their counterparts, with operating income of 2.77 pcts, 0.10 pcts, turnover taxes and surcharges resulting from a marked decline in the profitability of the project, mainly as a result of the progressive collection of land value added tax overhangs, and we therefore expect that the tax rates will fall.
Paulie’s forward growth in revenue and profits will need to contribute to the growth in sales that began in 2021. We believe that companies have subjective and objective incentives and opportunities to accelerate the growth of sales, based on which I am $60.89 billion and $6.576 billion, while measuring real estate sales using a retroactive settlement period.
We have selected 10 comparable companies, based mainly on size, such as Beguio Park, China's Hengjiang, China's Influencing, and Paulie's Estates, which, taking into account potential profit-making factors, do not use consistent expected profit data. Given the corporate background and headhold status, as well as the revenue and efficiency of the company,
We value companies using the fcfe method, with a 1 per cent growth rate for tv and 10.48 per cent for ke, and Paulie, as the largest and most volatile real estate company, focuses on high-quality liquidity, ranking first in total asset turnover, adjusted for risk and profitability.
For four consecutive years, 2016-2019, companies ranked fifth in the world, second in the world, and fourth in the world, fourth in the world, fourth in the world, and first in the world, 2020h1. Largeness is largely due to the large urban layout, the bulk of the value of the goods distributed in the two-line core cities, and the new focus of products.
By the end of 2019, 112 cities had entered, with a deep historical build-up in Guangdong Province, with sufficient land reserves in the main cities and 27% of land reserves in the province at the end of 2019. Guangdong Province has a high national status and a high level of marketization of enterprises in the province.
The Department’s corporate background will continue to benefit from the selection of the top 30 firms in the industry in 2019 as a sample, assessing asset turnover from a stable, qualitative and safety perspective, selecting data for 2011–19, and considering Mäori as a whole.
Rates, sales costs, management costs, financing costs and net liability rates have been revised to achieve an adjusted average liquidity ratio of total assets, with a premium of 1.Pauli, while balancing liquidity, is more risk-resistant and profitable and is of high quality
• Focusing on real estate development, and being cautious about investing in holdings. Companies rely on a strong and sustainable landscape, a good pace, a manageable overall cost, and low financing costs, which guarantee a higher Māori rate.
Paulie focuses on real estate development and is more cautious about investing in holdings. With a firmer position on the ground, companies have accumulated high-quality and sufficient land reserves to meet the development needs of the next four to five years; and the costs of land acquisition are low.
The company now has a higher and more profitable rate of Maori. In addition to low land acquisition costs, there is financing.
Low cost, low cost over time, which is inextricably linked to the corporate background, excellent management, and we believe that Paulie will continue to make use of his advantages, focus on real estate development, future development space, less pressure to settle than his peers, longer settlement cycles, higher rates of Maori in settlement projects, lower future rates of Maori.
We believe that Paulie will grow steadily, that sales are expected to reach the top three, and that the city’s share will rise further. Companies are now at a peak in delivery, business income is well recognized, and the settlement cycle is longer.
In the future, housing prices will increase slowly, and the Māori rate for the company’s clearing program will remain high. We believe that the decline in the Māori rate will be less than that of the company’s peers before coming, and that business income growth will be more optimistic.
There's some room for improvement. In the future, industrial trends will be more conducive to the development of the economy, including tighter regulation of financing, increased demand for improved housing, a slow rise in housing prices, a decrease in the land market, and so forth.
With fewer, improved products, adequate land reserves, and limited growth of highly leveraged housing, we believe that Paulie’s sales are expected to reach the top three, and that the city’s share will increase further. The most efficient company, the most efficient, real estate company, entered 112 cities in 2019, especially in Guangdong Province.
Deep; constant focus on real estate development and prudent investment in other assets; long settlement cycle, current settlement projects with a higher Maori rate and a slower decline in future Maori rates than their peers; robust debt indicators, and industry trends that will be more conducive to corporate development. We believe that Paulie will grow steadily, and sales are expected to increase.
For the first three years, the city’s share will increase further. For the first time, the coverage, with a “buy-in” rating for the Paulie estate, the industry’s Māori rate continues to deteriorate and sales fall short of expectations.