In the run-up to a hundred thousand sails, we'll be able to build up good peers. We'll spend more on the costs of repair, strengthening control, growing “mass” and “quality” (1) on corporate sales and performance: $4.618 billion in 2019, a year-on-year increase.
Millions of yuan, covering 1.54 times the revenue from real estate clearings for nearly a year. In 2019, business income was realized, and diversified land expansion, such as hook-up, old city remodelling, cooperative development, and merger-purchase integration, remained at a high level in the year. 2020h1 was affected by the epidemic, and companies were cold in the land market.
(a) The negative position of the company ' s prices compared to the trend of 300 depths in the first quarter of the year, the shift to a cautious and sturdy land acquisition rhythm following the warming of the land market in the second quarter of the year, which led to an increase of 19 per cent in the number of additional earth storage square metres in the first half of the year;
On the whole, the firm’s profitability is expected to remain at a better level after expectations of the industry’s level of profitability have increased. Management is efficient, financing is open, incentives are in place, diversification is in place, and four-dimensional advantages run through the business process.
Based on its competitive advantage in the development process, the firm has stabilized during the upswing of the industry and has continued to grow steadily after the slowdown in the growth of the industry: 1, efficient control, efficiency reduction: the company's management experience, the “headquarters-region-platform”
A three-tier management model with a high degree of control and development efficiency. The cost of marketing management in 2019, 2020h1 (the caliber of sales) is only 2.36 per cent, 1.66 per cent and the management dividend is continuously released; 2. The financial advantage is highlighted by the fact that the leverage level has the potential to upgrade: the company has a strong background and industry.
At the end of the day, the net corporate liability rate was about 72 per cent and the cost of integrated financing was reduced to 4.84 per cent;
(b) Multiplicity, in collaboration with the main industry: the company's business is "predominantly based on real estate investment development, with integrated services and real estate finance as its backbone".
The company adheres to the strategy of deep-farming “cities + urban clusters” with abundant and well-positioned land. With both the corporate background and industry leaders, net debt ratios and financing costs are in the best position in the industry.
In the larger context of the slowdown in industry, the company achieved sales in 2018 and 2019, with steady growth in the size of the future. The “two-wing” business has developed considerably, and the Paulie industry has successfully been listed to enable it to develop in synergy. According to nav (the main project at the end of 2019),
One point of concern: Quality of growth + profitability.
In the face of a new phase of industrial development, companies have proposed a development strategy that focuses on real-estate investment, with integrated services and real-estate finance as its main operating platform for real-estate operations under China’s Pauly Group Limited.
Figure 1 Establishment of a platform for real estate eco-development Real estate investment development Real estate investment development is the foundation of Paulie's real estate business, and now the company is involved in housing, writing buildings, hotels, hotels, hotels.
In the context of the future “shelter-free” environment, companies will continue to grow in priority cities, based on the need to invest in the development of better sex. Companies have set up a private fund for real estate earlier.
In the future, companies will continue to upgrade the size and marketability of their real estate funds, as well as the capacity of industry to invest in and operate their capital.
By extending the real estate chain, companies seek new growth points. In keeping with the trend of the times, the demand is driven by the demand of the household. A system of excellent services has been created in the fields of travel, fairs, welfare, education, etc., which has improved by hundreds of millions of dollars, a 47.9 per cent increase in income and a double increase in profits.
In the wake of the epidemic, corporate performance continued to increase by 1.7 per cent.
Figure 3 Composition of corporate business income (by business) Figure 5 Level of gross domestic product (Māori) settlement for corporate real estate operations over the past year Performance fluctuation factor II: Reduction in settlement equity as companies work together to develop decentralized risk
With regard to the company’s future settlement equity ratio, we use the new land reserve ratio as part of the change in the intensity of cooperative development, which is expected to drive sales and future settlement equity ratios to be restored.
Chart 7 shows a significant increase of 45.4 per cent in the area of new construction in 2016, and 117 per cent of planned work throughout the year. The 2015-2019 period saw a significant increase in sales at the end of the year.
In the context of the slowdown in industrial sales, the company reached $4.618 billion in 2019, returning to the same level as last year. New construction began in 2020h1 with 28.6 million square metres, as compared to the same period last year, with 67 per cent of the planned start-up plan (43 million square metres).
Figure 9 Number of new constructions and their equivalents over the years
In the context of market changes, the pace of reasonable laying-out was: (a) the firm’s attitude was conservative until 2012. In 2012, the market for merchandise houses was gradually warming as a result of differentiated credit policy support, central banker approval, interest rate reduction, and the company’s strength rose considerably. (b) In 2014, several cities withdrew from the purchase restrictions, and central banks and the Superintendency of Banks launched a “930 House Loans” initiative.
(c) In 2016, the company seized the opportunity of industrial recovery and moved back into the hundreds of billions of years, with more innovation, a more positive attitude, and a more rapid expansion of the earth's reserves. (d) In 2017, the real estate sector experienced a more rigorous process.
Traditional regulatory policies, such as tight regulatory periods, purchase restrictions, credit restrictions, price restrictions, etc., have continued to be built up, restricted sales, restricted contracts, and industrial sales have fallen, and land premiums have been running at a low rate, which has led companies to turn back to the ground. (e) The experience of the same decline has been narrow. (f) Accompanied by the epidemic, the land market was cold in the first quarter of 2020, and the company began to take the land.
Turns to positive, second-quarter sales repair, land market warming, and companies are cautious, with new land premiums in the first half of the year almost equal to last year’s. Looking through the company’s growth, the land has been transformed from a “conservative-positive-squeezing” – a change in size, strength, and project dimensions:
The year was marked by a recovery in the low valley, with the same negative growth of 32.6% in the construction of new earth reserves of 6.3%, and the size of the additional earth reserves maintained at a large scale, with a rapid decline but still significant absolute amount. The same situation with the new land reserves in the first half of 2020 was due mainly to the company ' s readjustment in the distribution of urban growth levels, with a greater focus on the second-line core city.
The amount of land taken/sales during the calendar year is shown in chart 13.
The number of new projects has remained at more than 120. The size of the company ' s new earth-stock projects has declined since 2011 to 211,000 in 2019.
In 2016, the company acquired eight real estate projects and one construction project belonging to China Airline Property, and integrated China in 2017.
Real estate operations of the Aviation Industry Group and Paulie (Hong Kong). The percentage of land taken by non-collaborative means, such as M&A cooperation, was 75 per cent, 48 per cent, 58 per cent, respectively, in 2016-2018. At the end of mid-2020, the company had an area to develop of 67.27 million.
Chart 17 shows the size of the earth reserve to be developed over the years, 2.2 to continue deep-deeping around the core urban circle, and the company has a strong planning capacity in terms of its layout strategy.
In 2002, the company's operations were concentrated in the core cities; in 2006, the national battles were initially completed; in 2013, the “3+2+x” regional layout strategy was presented; and in 2015 the forward-looking national layouts were highlighted.
After 28 years of development, the company has completed a project structure centred on urban centres, urban circles, long-term trends in regional economic development, population, and industry. In 2014, in a context of low market sales and high land prices, the company strictly enforced a cautious approach.
The implementation of differentiated outreach, the promotion of the second-line city principle, and the adoption of differentiated outreach strategies have increased the outreach of the second-line city, which has seen a rapid market recovery and low stock pressure, and optimized the expansion structure.
The company ' s nationalization layout has been largely completed, with the formation of a nationalization layout covering the bead triangle, the long triangle, the ring sea, the centre, the southwest, and the opening of the sea, the economic circle, the strategic layout of the country ' s 60 major cities, and new entry into Sydney, Australia, and Merre.
Ben and London, England, have been effectively implemented, and we look at the company ' s layout strategy from the urban ability level and regional distribution: (1) city ability level: deep-deep one-second line, selection for sinking.
Lines (by surface) accounted for nearly 60 per cent, but the company's 38 core cities accounted for 79 per cent of the expansion; the core urban circle in the new three-to-four-line city was over 50 per cent. The 2020h1 company made city-level adjustments, raising the share of one-to-two lines in the new earth reserve to 72.5 per cent (by surface) to provide “ammunition” for the core city, which continues to contract deep.
The circle (Bead Triangle, Long Triangle, Ring Sea, Sung-kyuan, Nakahara) is 70% higher than the average. The company's Pearl Delta area is continuously added to the ground, with an average annual share of more than 30% of the additional earth reserves. The company has achieved full coverage of the Guangdong area of the Ausaka Bay region in Guangdong Province. With the planning of the landing of the Australasia Bay area, the company is expected to benefit from urban clusters in the context of market integration.
Co-development and radiation infiltration.
In terms of land acquisition costs: in 2017, the cost of new earth storage floors was approximately $617/m2, down gradually to $5802/m2 in 2019; in terms of price of land, it fell from 44% in 2017 to 39% in 2019. In terms of expansion of each class of city, the company's first-line city floors rebounded in 2018, and the cost of land was taken by the second-line city.
The price of the three or four-line city building has declined. 2020h1, the price of the company’s land price has been raised as a result of the company’s structural adjustment of the land by adhering to a two-line-based layout strategy.
During the first half of 2020, the company was able to lean towards one or two lines of land layout. By the end of mid-2020, it had more than 60% of the first and second lines of land to be developed, and six major urban clusters had a strong market base and demand.
Figure 22 The company's layout in the main cities of the Long Triangle and Pearl Triangle Chart 23 to be developed (by urban energy level) Chart 24 to be developed by the company at the end of the 2020s (by region)
Three points of focus: Incentives + staff development Positive change, brain cohesion: brain drain is increasingly a factor constraining state-owned enterprises from maintaining a competitive advantage
Incentives were introduced as early as 2011. Since 2018, there has been continuous reform of the training, remuneration and motivation system. Data show that the target of corporate equity incentives (not including retirement, mobility) was “and you grow up” from April 2017 to 2018.
The company's human resource development program, “and grow with you” since 2010, has been constantly changing and innovative. At present, the Department has developed a vision of talent that aims to be “culture-based, grow-up” based on the “Pauli Business School” as a platform for training programmes classified into hierarchies, for the establishment of multi-dimensional criteria for the evaluation of talent, and for the selection and development of highly qualified talent.
It also continues to improve the system of staff development, providing a wide range of platforms and spaces for staff development.
Figure 28 Models of Capacity Quality of Company 2019 3.2 Multi-tier combinations of incentives to stimulate team dynamism
(1) Remuneration system: through the creation of a culture of rewards reflecting differences in performance and capacity, companies have developed a system of cash remuneration based on base salary, performance, bonuses, subsidies and continuous improvement of the remuneration structure, optimization of the way in which bonuses are distributed, improvement of the competitiveness of base salary. (2) Equity incentives: companies introduced their first and second equity campaigns in 2011 and 2016, respectively.
(iii) Project follow-up: in 2017, the company proposed a real estate project and a project to link the benefits of the project to the benefits of the employee, to tie benefits, to stimulate the activity of the employee, and to help the company develop rapidly.
In December 2017, a bill on the implementation of real-estate projects was considered and approved. The ceiling on single projects and total investments is not more than 10% of the project’s peak fund.
Ten thousand shares, representing 0.94 per cent and 1.095 per cent of total equity, respectively; (2) wide coverage in terms of audience, with 682 employee equity incentives given to companies in 2016; and 4.7 per cent in terms of shareholding, among company executives, directors, and 95.3 per cent of managerial and technical cadres with direct impact on company business performance and continued development,
Incentives are directed primarily at core employees. Without independent directors, supervisors, major shareholders or actual controllers of more than 5% of shares, or their spouses and immediate relatives, consistently adhere to the notion of “one is the best, one is the best, one is the best, one is the best, one is the best is the best is good for corporate governance systems, for team motivation, and for internal growth dynamics. (3) From time to time,
It appears that both options are valid for 6 years and limited for 2 years, and contribute to the long-term performance of the company. Figure 30 Composition of stock options for the second time (in terms of number) Figure 31 Composition of equity options for the second time (in terms of stock options)
• Board of Directors, HLCM core staff • Board of Directors, HLCM core staff
4 Concern IV: Leveraging levels + financing costs Reversely, net liability rates recovered to 72 per cent at the end of 2020h1 and remained low at the level of the last decade.
A diversified financing system, supported by bank credit, equity financing, direct debt financing, asset securitization, etc., was established. By the end of mid-2020, corporate bank loans amounted to $523 billion, leaving a balance of unused amounts.
In the first half of 2020, a cumulative return of sales was achieved, covering about 2.0 times the end-of-year short debt, and the fund structure was secure.
Figure 38 Average cost of financing for mainstream housing enterprises (2019) 5 Focus Five: Regulatory capacity + speed Military industry background makes corporate cultural values in the military, clear and flexible from the outset
Management mechanisms such as internal audit, supervisory review, etc. The company ' s management industry is experienced, which allows the company to continue to grow steadily and to take the lead in the complex and volatile market environment.In 2016, the company was able to adapt to scalding development and to improve its managerial sophistication to its original secondary governance structure.
This has led to the creation of a three-tier management model for the “headquarters-region-platform” that enhances the relevance and timeliness of management and further enhances regulatory capacity and development efficiency. In 2019, the cost of managing corporate sales (a caliber of sales) was 2.36 per cent, further down to 1.66 per cent.
The annual sales management rate was maintained at less than 3 per cent, highlighting a strong cost-control capability. The company’s 2019 inventory turnover rate was 29.0 per cent, with a steady increase.
6 Focus No. 6: Two-wing operations + multi-dimensional expansion: 6.1 Pulse property: successful listing, further release of business capacity. In 1996, the Poly property industry was founded in Guangzhou.
In 2005, with the establishment of the Shanghai branch, the Poly Property Industry entered the national layout period and succeeded in creating brands of special property services, such as “family relations and houses.” In 2016, the company completed the reform of the stock system, which was placed on a new three boards the following year. In 2019, the Poly Property Industry successfully landed at the Port, with a stock code of 6049.hk.
By the end of 2019, Paulie had directly held 71.25 per cent of his shares in the industry and won investment in Tibet.
In 2019, the company grew by 50% and 38%, respectively, in the same area as the contract.
As the group develops its projects, it moves to delivery, with robust growth dynamics in the industry. Third-party contributions exceed intra-group transfers, highlighting the company’s ability to outsource.
By the end of 2019, the company had exceeded its traditional housing projects by 48.9% for the first time. The public construction project was one of the main directions of the company’s outreach. In addition to the emphasis on the non-residential property market, it was related to the company’s advantage to have a strong background.
The impact of lower prices in the public construction project property industry, which contributed only 12.5 per cent of the revenue.
According to the company’s financial data at the end of 2019, the operating cash flow increased by 60.5 per cent to $690 million. Monetary funds in hand amounted to $6.5 billion. At the same time, according to the annual report, the company raised about $4.83 billion in total.
Fifty-seven per cent will be used for strategic investments to further expand the size of the property services.
Value services, community value-added services, three blocks. In 2019, the company proposed a strategy for the development of “big property” to create a business-wide approach. By the end of 2019, the industry managed by the company had covered a number of areas such as housing, writing buildings, government public construction, urban landscapes, hospitals, schools, etc.
The revenue from PMS is approximately RMB 3,844 million, or 64% of total income, an increase of 32.1% from the same year, mainly due to the rapid expansion of the company’s area of management and the increasing number of projects in operation. In 2019, 96% of the average PMS fees were maintained at a higher level, highlighting the market’s high level of recognition of corporate property services.
The revenue from the non-owner value-added services has steadily increased in 2019 from the value-added services of the non-owners.
Co-benefits are evident in a large number of housing projects with conglomerates. Figure 56 Value-added services income from non-owners of the industry and its equivalent. Community value-added services are expected to become new performance growth points.
The increase in income from community value-added operations is mainly due to the fact that most of the company’s portfolio is located in second-line cities. As the size of the pipeline continues to grow in future second-line cities, the release of demand for this component is expected to provide companies with more revenue.
Figure 59 Income structure of value-added services in the community in the industry
• Community space management;
6.2 The real estate financial wing: the capital-to-industry capacity of the industry is currently, and the property-to-property financial wing of the estate consists mainly of the ISF, the Pauly Capital, and the Pacific Pauly companies.
By the end of 2019, the Poly Real Estate Fund had accumulated nearly 120 billion yuan in management. Meanwhile, the ISF was repeatedly rated as “China's Real Estate Fund Ten”. In May 2020, the venture capital and Beguire Park announced that it would be launched.
An enabling fund for a real estate property chain of RMB 5 billion in size, the first RMB 1 billion in size, and the further strengthening of capital for industry.
Based on the company’s real estate development project at the end of 2019, the net equity increase in the company’s real estate development business was approximately $89.9 billion, which, when combined with the net assets of the parent’s shareholders at the end of 2019, amounted to approximately $24.5 billion, with a combined share of $20.6 million.
The company adheres to the strategy of deep-farming “cities + urban clusters” and has sufficient and well-positioned land reserves. The industry is better off with the double effect of the landscape and the industry’s leadership, net debt ratios, and financing costs.
The company will be able to recover the damage from the downside and the interests of the company, and will be able to raise its size in the future. In the meantime, the “two wings” have developed well, and the industry has successfully gone on the market to improve its capabilities for synergistic development.
In the broader context of the overall slowdown in sales in the industry, there is a risk that future real estate operations will be settled at a lower than expected level and that sales returns will be downgraded;
(b) There is a risk of higher cost of financing and narrow access to finance if the end of the financing is tightened;
If the interest ratio of the new reserve is reduced, the future gains and losses of minority shareholders will be negative to the net profit of the parent. Using legally compliant information, the independent and objective presentation of this report, the data and information used in this report are made available from the market, the accuracy or completeness of these messages is not assured, nor are there any changes to the information and recommendations contained in the report.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.