The year's performance was in line with expectations, and the turning point was at the bottom of the reverse period, with mega-stocks (600160.sh) on 23rd of 2021.
• The company has passed the dark hour and looks forward to a return to a “buy-in” rating. On 22 March, the company released its annual report for 2020: 16,054 million yuan, corresponding to 0.09 per cent;
We believe that the company has gone through a dark period, with firm expectations that the company's performance will lead to a negative expansion in the sales of the main products at the bottom of the scale, a steady bottom of the refrigerant price and a steady increase in the volume price, which, according to the company's announcement, is equal to the price of the company's refrigerants, fluorinated polymers, and fluorinated fine chemicals in 2020.
We believe that with the third generation of refrigerant quota management measures coming to an end, the industry is expected to reverse the bottom. The company, as the third generation of HFC-based refrigerants, has a total capacity of 3794 million tonnes of Hfcs refrigerants, and will benefit fully from the future industry's high profile, with a full price increase.
• A steady push for carbide equity acquisition, and the return on investment will significantly boost the company's performance. Corporate update report - bottom of the cycle performance. In September 2020, the company intends to acquire 20 per cent of carbide equity held in mega-investments in both equity and cash terms.
If the acquisition is successfully implemented, the company will be the second-largest shareholder after glory and petrochemicals, along with the investment made by Junkun. Currently, the company and all interested parties are actively pursuing the audit, evaluation and due diligence aspects of this transaction.
After the successful acquisition of 20% equity in petrochemicals, the return on investment will significantly boost the company’s performance. Undercovering the short-term shock, the fluorine industry will not change for the long term.
Trends - 2020.10.29 Equity, returns on investment will significantly improve performance