End-of-cycle performance meets expectations, efficient operations achieve price reductions, mega-equity (600160.sh) 18/01 2021
• Corporate performance has been explored, short-term shocks have not changed to a long-term positive trend for the fluorinated industry, maintaining a “buy-in” rating
The firm’s performance is bottom-line, short-term shocks do not change the long-term trend towards a “buy-in” rating for the fluorinated industry. Refrigerants have passed late, looking at the high level of company operating capacity and endogenous benefits. Companies continue to expand production through negative growth in capacity, structural optimization, etc., leading to price reductions for most products.
The company announced that in 2020, the average prices of the company ' s fluorinated industrial feedstocks, refrigerants, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, etc., were 2,504, 13,575, 38,116, 71,690 yuan, corresponding to 15.20%, -26.52% and the entire three-generation refrigerant industry, accounting for 28%.
Three generations of refrigerants are expected to turn back to the golden decade, and we look forward to the company’s industrial chain developing in tandem, maintaining high levels of operating capacity and endogenous benefits over the long term, leading the future to a recovery in the fluorinated industry cycle. With the acquisition of 20% of zirconium, the return on investment will significantly improve the performance of mega-equity.
In September 2020, the company proposed to purchase 20% of the sequestered equity held in mega-investments in the form of equity and cash. Undercovering the short-term shock, the fluorinated industry would be better off in the long term.
Prior to this acquisition, the four shareholders in Zulcolite were the Pulse Pulse, the Giant Investment, the Trend in the Chuen Qun and the Shoan Sea. - 2020.10.29 The Glumping shares will be the second-largest shareholder after Pulse and will be the second-largest shareholder in the same investment as the Pulse Qun.
Equity, the return on investment will significantly improve performance - after 20% of equity, the return on investment will significantly improve the performance of mega-equity.
"Steoporosis of the fluorine cycle" -