The performance of the main joint venture was excellent, and the performance growth was consistent with the event: the Volkswagen Group published its semi-annual report for 2017, and the company published its semi-annual report for 2017, which achieved business income of $34.765 billion in the first half of the year, a year-on-year increase.
With autonomous joint ventures, growth in the first half of the year was in line with expectations: 96.35 million vehicles were sold by the BG in January-June 2017, a cumulative increase of 31.65 per cent over the same period, 321,000 vehicles sold in the same month, an increase of 13.31 per cent over the same period, and 219,000 vehicles sold in the month-June.
Cars, an increase of 5.46 per cent over the same year, with a relatively stable rate of increase. Banda Mitsubishi accumulated 54,000 vehicles in the first half of the year, representing a significant increase of 191.69 per cent in market performance relative to stock prices (nearly 12 months), and Banda Mitsubishi benefited mainly from the higher expectations of the national production of Euroland sales, with a higher sales base.
In the first half of the year, Volkswagen Feck sold 108,000 vehicles, an increase of 77.21 per cent in the same year, and Volkswagen Fiffel, which benefited mainly from free light and guiders, with outstanding sales data for the first half of the year. Autonomy brands sold 250.9 million vehicles in the first half of the year, an increase of 57.02 per cent compared to the previous half, which is much higher than the industry.
The company’s cost rate has improved, and the joint venture’s profit contribution has increased significantly, by 36% over the same period, and the financial cost has fallen by 26% over the same period by 130 million yuan.
This is mainly due to the outstanding performance of the joint venture brands F.F. and Mitsubishi, which have led to a rapid increase in joint venture brand sales in the company’s first six months, and to a similar increase in the sales of the new models such as Yakaku and Lui Ling, which have been sold in the same amount as in the first half of the year.
Toyota has been growing relatively slowly in the first half of the year because of engine capacity constraints, but the product mix has been excellent, and the profits of the bicycles outperform other corporate joint brands. Huge steam spreads, suvs and cars perform well, with a number of new models to be introduced in the second half of the year.
During the first half of the year, high growth in vehicle-type sales continued, the power of autonomous R & D increased, new products accelerated and products increased. Suv continued to be the main source of its sales, cumulatively selling 180.7 million vehicles in January-June gs4, the second largest in the domestic market, a 19.8 per cent increase in the same year; gs8 went to the post-market market in late last year.
The results were excellent, with the cumulative sale of 50.6 million vehicles in January-June, which led to a breakthrough in the high-end orientation of the suv product. The transfer also made a huge breakthrough in the car sector, with 12.1 million vehicles sold in the first six months of the year, a significant increase of 185.1% in the same year, and an upsurge in the use of autonomous branded cars.
In the second half of the year, more attention will be given to the development of a brand that is a good, autonomous brand, adhering to the “broad steam model” for its development and production, and achieving a brand breakthrough in the middle-to-high market.
These include a compact suvgs3, five medium suvgs7, a compact sedansga4 and a mixed version of a ga6 that will guarantee a sustained increase in sales during the second half of the year. The new energy registry for the long term is in place.
At the end of July this year, the Volkswagen New Energy Motors Company was registered, and the Volkswagen Group will use $4.7 billion in special funds to build a new energy production base with an annual capacity of 200,000 units, while applying for a dedicated new energy vehicle. In the same period, the Volkswagen also launched a 3rd Autonomy New Energy Vehicle ge3, which shows a wide scope.
It's a new energy scheme. The price range for ge3 is $22.28 million, or $24.58 million, to get into the market at the middle and high end, and to improve the product matrix of the wide-breeding system. In addition, Hiroshi has signed a strategic agreement with Hua, which will allow the two sides to cooperate deeply in the areas of car networking, smart driving, new energy, and so on.
The full range of collaborations and exchanges between a large scientific and technological community will also contribute to the depth of the future field of travel, the significant growth in the performance of a wide-scale consortium in the first half of the year, the sharing of power under the flag and the joint venture brand, the success of a broad-based ownership strategy, the ongoing breakthroughs in the middle-to-high-end markets, and the future of new energy vehicles.
The expansion of the North American market has been hampered by the decline in sales of suv, the instability of the Chinese-Japanese relationship.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and is based on the author's professional understanding. This report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party's approval or approval.