High growth continues, the depth of the suv product line will continue to grow at a significantly higher rate than industry average, and product structure optimization will drive the Māori rate to increase continuously: company 1-7.
Of the four major vehicle brands sold in the month, wide copies (14%) and wide abundance (8.7%) maintained robust growth; autonomy (54.1%) continued 16 years of high growth at the weight of the main vehicle type gs4 and gs8; and Volkswagen Fick (66.2%) was driven by newer guides.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s overall vehicle sales increased by 30.5 per cent, with the successful implementation of the sedan (8.4 per cent), suv autonomy and joint branding suv strategy, which is currently being continuously optimized with an overall Māori rate of 22.6 per cent in the first half of the year, up 1.3 percentage points from the same period in 16 years.
Product promotion and impairment of assets led to a fall in profits in the second quarter: the net profit ring for the company fell by 39 per cent in the second quarter, which we believe is due to a two-quarter lead product, gs4, which leads to a decline in single-car profits, and to an increase in sales costs due to advertising inputs (by $220 million);
The second is a significant increase of $920 million in the value-depreciated asset-depreciation ring (where intangible assets contribute $480 million). Overall, corporate product end-sales remain optimistic and cost-control capacity remains strong, with quarterly Maori rates remaining high (21.5 per cent).
In the second half of the year, gs7 and gs3 will be on the market and the company’s suv product line will be raised again; and the issue of capacity will be eased: seven large suvgs8 have successfully broken the 200,000-dollar unit ceiling of the national vehicle, and their monthly sales are now up to the level of 8,000-10,000, becoming the home-owned pole.
Half-yearly, with platform 5 gs7 it is expected that the market will be launched in September to consolidate the company ' s leading sheep position in the medium-sized and large autonomous sub-directorate, while the company ' s mini-suv of the sign Wall H2, Gillian Vision x1 is likely to be listed in the near future, with existing products to upgrade the company ' s product line depth again.
It is hoped that the situation, which is limited to Ashin 6at, will be alleviated by the addition of 10,000 new products in October that will supply gs8/7 and pave the way for the company’s new products. New energy products are being introduced with a strong future capacity target of 200,000: new energy, first half of the year.
Two new energy vehicles, ga3sphev and gs4phev, are already on the market, with pure electric models ge3 and ga6phev to be launched in the second half of the year, and companies will add 200,000 capacity to their own brand to reach the policy target of 8% of new energy cars next year, and try to stay in the industry.
Investment recommendations: maintain the depth 300 index of the rating system's “market index” reference point, in view of the elasticity of performance resulting from the pace of the company's new inputs and product performance. In the risk preference rating, products that do not involve a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated as base risk according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.