In the first half of the year, in the context of a slowdown in the domestic automobile market, corporate performance was high, and the entire manufacturing business was seized.
Inflows reached $25.74 billion, an increase of 65.89 per cent over the previous year, which was much higher than the industry average. The autonomous brand “breathing” continued to show strong performance, with sales reaching 2509 million vehicles in the first half of the year, an increase of 57.02 per cent over the same year, of which gs4 sales exceeded 180,000 and remained steady at suv.
Second, the gs8 model, based on its precise location, is currently in a state of oversupply and has successfully opened up and stabilized the autonomous branding market of more than $200,000. The steady growth in the sales of the joint-venture brand model has led to a significant increase in the return on investment in the first half.
The company’s basics (latest) have been growing steadily in the corporate joint brand sales year. Among them, the Japanese joint brands are led by Toyota Handa, Raiding, Honda Ji, Yakaku, Mitsubishi Euroland, etc.
Sales grew steadily; Euro-American joint venture brands grew 77.21% in the first half of the year, driven by car heat sales such as jeep libertarians, guides, etc. The corporate investment returns in the first half of the year increased by $4.688 billion, as a result of the steady increase in joint venture sales.
In the first half of the year, it was 22.64%, an increase of 0.38 percentage points in the same year; this was due to a significant increase in Māori by car sales and improved cost controls.
A decline of 1.40 percentage points from the same year to 10.43 per cent, mainly due to lower borrowing interest rates, resulting in lower financial costs on the same basis. It is worth noting that in the first half of the year, losses on corporate assets amounted to 940 million yuan, of which $216 million was lost on fixed assets, none.
Real assets lost 486 million yuan in impairments and development expenditures lost 240 million yuan in impairments. The company’s own branding model has grown at a high rate, and cars such as gs4 and gs8 have been sold.
The competitiveness of products has been further enhanced by compact sedansga4 and new energy vehicles gs4phev, ge3, ga6phev, etc.; at the same time, the joint venture brands will also welcome such vehicles as the Champs 1.5t, the Songtlx, the Toyota All-New Small Suv and the Mitsubishi Euroland.
In the second half of the year, we expect the company's own brand model to continue to grow at a high rate, driven by existing star models and new products; the joint venture brand is expected to grow steadily on the basis of stable sales.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to earn 16, 13 and 11 times the market surplus for 2017-2019, respectively, given the company’s sound whole-of-the-business chain layout.
Business management capacity is prominent, joint brands are growing steadily, autonomous brands are becoming more competitive, and are expected to maintain high growth rates. We maintain the company’s “precautionary recommendation” and join the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.