Performance continues to grow at a rapid pace, and the cyclical growth attributes highlight the high yield: nickel projects continue to outperform production. 1) Nickel: Chinese and Chinese projects continue to outperform production (about 30%), with 25h1 projected Mhp yielding over 120,000 tons, an increase of over 40%, 25h1 nickel products.
Volumes remain stable; 5) positive materials: 396 million tons of positive materials were shipped out of 25H1, an increase of 57 per cent of the total exports of positive materials from China; 6) pre-removement: pre-requisite Qiu Ju
4.21 million tons of cargo, optimized product structure by actively reducing some of the low-profit products, as compared with last year's prices: FARDC policy disturbance drives significant recovery of cobalt ring ratios, nickel ring below scale but bottom \triangleright \triangleright
Yes. 2025q2, copper (previous period)/mbcobalt/lme nickel/pre-drill (6 systems)/positive material (triple 6 systems)/lithium carbonate (cell level) at a price of 77.7 million yuan, $15.80 pounds, $15.48 million/ton, $80.7 million/ton, $13.4 million/ton, $65.2 million/ton, ring ratio, respectively.
RMB/t, -10.6 million ton. Indonesia’s policy is often tow low nickel prices, nickel prices are expected to keep up and down, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo’s suspension of exports of cobalt raw materials stimulates high cobalt prices, accompanied by a continued decline in industry stocks and supply strain: high performance innovation, four-fold.
The project is progressing steadily to create a high-quality business layout. Upstream resource end: 1) nickel: In Indonesia, 2.
The company ' s two additional nickel deposits in red-earth nickel were further increased; the Pomalaa wet-law project, which produced 120,000 tons of nickel per year, began construction, and the Sorowako wet-law project, which produced 60,000 tons of nickel per year, was preceded by the 3-quarterly reporting point of 2024 in the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh).
(ii) Lithium: in Zimbabwe, through supplementary surveys, the amount of lithium reserves in the arcadia mine increased from 1.5 to 2.45 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent and the grade level rose to 1.34 per cent; the project production performance indicators were being optimized and production costs were declining; 50,000 tons of sulphur were produced annually.
The Lithium Acid project is in the equipment installation phase and is expected to be completed by the end of the year, when the project is completed, it will take full advantage of mineral metallurgy.
Long--2024/08/24 Bulk supply to lay the foundation for access to North American markets; Hungarian positive materials: first phase of 25,000 tons project, expected to be completed during the year, with support companies deeply embedded in European electric car production
Quarterly evaluation in 024: below price drags off performance, one chain of business, and pre-empts markets in the European and global lithium chain. Investment proposal: Improved upstream resource layout of companies to build solid moats, downstream lithium materials and international
\triangleright resources and car giants are tied to depth, and the current "four-deck bottom" determines that cycle growth is significant. \triangleright we expect \triangleright
2-Wet nickel project excess contributed to the increase in nickel products and sustained business performance 2.1-0 ratio. Wet nickel project has achieved steady excess output, nickel product has earned a similar profit, nickel product project has achieved a higher yield and collection rate has continued to rise. 2025h1 nickel products together achieved a higher yield.
Intermediary yields reached $5,543 million, an increase of 68 per cent in the same year, and revenue contributions increased by 3.94 pct to 10.96 per cent, while the main department, the China-China-China-China-Fi project, continued to achieve steady excess output, with the 25h1-wet-law nickel project mhp producing about 120,000 tons, an increase of more than 40 per cent in the same year, and nickel products reaching 13,94 million tons, an increase of 83.91 per cent in the same year; copper products achieving battalion production.
Revenues dropped by 1.32 pct to 4.18 per cent in the same year; pre-triple drive generated $1.953 billion, or 41 per cent lower in the same year; receipts decreased by 5.8 pct to 5.25 per cent, and pre-triple 25h1 drive delivered 4.21 million tons, mainly as a result of companies ' initiatives to reduce some of the low-profit products and optimize product structures; and positive material collected.
Material exports increased by 17.68 per cent from the previous year to more than 60 per cent, while exports of material accounted for 57 per cent of the total exports of China ' s triad.
At the bottom of the nickel price, it is clear that the cobalt price benefits from the Democratic Republic of the Congo export policy perturbing an opportunity to rebound. 2025h1, Māori for pre-war drivers, 6.05%, 4.35 pct, 9.97% for positive material, and copper for the same product (last year)/mbcobalt/lme nickel/pre-repulsion (6 systems)/
10,000 yuan per ton, 130,400,000 yuan, 652 million yuan per ton, ring change + 0.03 million yuan per ton, US$ 3.98 US$ 9: net interest rate and Māori ratio of companies, figure 10: Māori rate change for sub-products of companies
In the area of financial management, the average financing cost of 25h1 is lower than in the previous year by a number of initiatives such as accelerating liquidity efficiency, optimizing short- and long-term financing structures, precisionizing interest-rate window periods and expanding diversified financing channels. The Division achieved net operating cash flows of $1.618 billion, representing 4.35 per cent of revenue, mainly based on the market.
Overall, the increase in performance of 2025h1 was largely due to a significant increase in gross margins. The increase in the cobalt ring ratio was mainly derived from the gross 2.2 ring ratio, which led to a growth in the profit ring ratio.
Small increase in costs, R & D round-up, sales, administrative, financial and R & D costs as a percentage of business Figure 21: Corporate quarterly R & D rates, 2.3 subsidiary perspective, Indonesia ' s constant incremental contribution
In 2018, the company launched the development of Indonesia’s red-earth nickel resources, and gradually advanced the deployment of Indonesia’s nickel resources project. First, in 2018, the company launched its first project, China’s year-on-year production in Indonesia.
The 60,000-ton nickel metal hydroxide Cobalt Wet Smelting Project, which was achieved ahead of schedule in the first half of 2022, reached a sustained post-partum surplus of 57 per cent of the company ' s shareholding, followed in May 2020 by the launch of the 45,000-ton annual nickel high-ice nickel project by the company, with the Chinese project ' s full process being tested in the fourth quarter of 2022.
In May of that year, the company launched the Huairai Company's hydroxide nickel-rich cobalt-wet smelting project, which produces 120,000 tons of nickel metal per year, the polalaa wetting project, the sorowako wetting project, which produces 60,000 tons of nickel per year, and the construction of the Pormara Park.
The construction of the sorowako Wet Project has doubled the capacity of the company ' s wet nickel production. The 25h1 Wet Nickel Project has delivered about 120,000 tons, an increase of more than 40 per cent over the same year, and the nickel product has delivered 1394 million tons, a growth of the same year.
The company owns the most complete integrated industrial chain of the lithium positive materials industry, from mining to smelting end, from pre-drive to solid material, and the resource recycling plate, where efficient collaboration up and down is the company’s core advantage. The lithium electric materials industry presents the “resource development abroad, R & D manufacturing in China and the city”
Since technological innovation and cost advantages are key competitive elements of the industry, typical features of the global nature of the on-site customers, in recent years the Division has continued to extend the configuration of the integrated industrial chain from cobalt leaders to companies that have completed the deployment of space from resource development to the global market, based in China, with their headquarters in the village of Kiryu.
The industrial chains that are integrated, medium- and downstream in the manufacture of colour-based refining, new energy materials for research and development, from cobalt-cobalt resource development, green smelting, trinity drive and positive materials to the new energy lithium electricity industry ecology for resource recycling. Companies are expected to complete the cycle-to-growth transformation and reduce the volatility of profit cycles.
At the end of the resource spectrum, the public sector concentrates its copper and cobalt resources on the African resource plate, supplemented by its own mines and external purchases.
On the source side, the company, through its subsidiary cdm, mikas, owns four mining rights for the p527 mine, the Kambove tailing mine and the shonkole mine. As of 2024, the company Pe527, Rususie mine owned 75.7 million tons of copper ore resources and contained 45.24 million tons of oxide; and the p527, Cobalt and Cobalt Repository
The mineral resources are 22.433 million tons, with a reserve of 1.353 million tons (including additional vulcanized minerals). Outsourcing is partly acquired by the local Congolese gold trading system, mainly from local mining and mining companies. Combining ownership with outsourcing brings the company under control of the rich cobalt and copper mineral resources and together builds a solid back-up for the supply of company raw materials.
At the end of the smelting process, the company ' s copper cobalt smelting can be found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and China.
The company currently owns 21,400 tons of rough hydroxide production capacity in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, 66,000 tons of copper/electric copper production capacity in cdm and 30,000 tons in mikas, combined with domestic copper and cobalt refining capacity, which has already generated about 110,000 tons of copper + 39,000 tons of cobalt annual capacity, and copper and cobalt operations are corporate.
Upstream resource layout two: low-cost wet nickel in Indonesia, the core of the company’s future growth, Alpha. The Division’s nickel and cobalt layout in Indonesia consists mainly of nickel mines, garden services, energy security layouts, and ancillary wetting methods and accompanies.
Fire smelting of production capabilities has helped the company to form a deep moat river. The company has entered seven mines, wbn, scm, ajb, wkm, tms, and has entered into a pomalaa project with the fresh water valley, and the sorowako project with exclusive mining cooperation for the company ' s nickel and cobalt.
The smelting project provides a solid raw material guarantee. At present, the company’s shareholding in Indonesia includes: 1) the Vidal Bay nickel industry project: the project has approximately 9.3 million tons of nickel metal resources, and the company has tons; 2) the hln project: in May 22, the company subscribed to 10% of its stock.
The scm nickel mine is close to the company's Chinese project, which is rich in nickel, with a combined amount of 1,445 million tons of nickel and 1 million tons of cobalt. At the same time, the company extends its park services: to guarantee the smooth progress of the Indonesian nickel business.
At the same time, a steady return on investment is achieved. hln holding jpi holds 49% of the csi smelter and bsi 29.4% of the stock. hln holding jim holding 98.3% of the cei hydroelectric plant.
A step-by-step enhancement of the company’s nickel reserves. 4) 2025h1, the company’s two new shares in Indonesia of nickel from the red earth and a further increase in the nickel and cobalt reserves.The company is currently operating several nickel smelting projects in Indonesia, mainly wet-based and product-shaped smelting processes.
The Mhp and high-ice nickel projects have been completed, respectively, with 60,000 tons of wet-law projects in China, 450,000 tons in China, 120,000 tons in China, and the acquisition of an accelerator-fire projects, with a total production capacity of approximately 24,500 tons of nickel intermediates (metal volume), accompanied by the Pomara wet-law project and the Pomaa project.
The Sorowako Wet Method Project was completed and the company ' s wet-law capacity was doubled to 360,000 tons. 1) The Water 60,000 wet-law project: pre-productive in April 2222, 6000 tons of nickel metal volume humid smelting project in 2023, fully functional scm slurry pipelines; 2) Waco
45,000 tonnes Fireworks Project: In April 22nd, electric furnaces were set on fire in advance, 22h2 were put into production, the first batch of high-ice nickels were shipped back to the country in December 2222, and in 2023, 45,000 tonnes of nickel from the Waco High Ice Nickel Project was brought to production; 3) China Flying 120 000 wet-water project: launched in June 2023
The first part of the production line, which was almost finished by the end of the first quarter of 2024, is currently dependent on off-island purchases of nickel raw materials from the Chinese Flying Project, supported by the contribution of nickel from the participating mines, and the cost optimization space is expected; and (4) other projects: the acquisition by companies of an additional 20,000 tons of the Acid Fire Project
(metal volume) Nickel intermediate capacity, the Pomalaa Wet Project, which produces 120,000 tons of nickel metal per year, has begun construction, and the Sorowako Wet Project, which produces 60,000 tons of nickel per year, has been pre-worked for orderly advancement and construction of the Pormara Park.
Upstream resource layout III: The last puzzle of the lithium mine to complete energy and metal resources. The company-owned lithium resource layout is a one-share share holding, of which the Lithium resource project is the Congolese gold manono lithium mine in Africa, the lithium mine in the hold is the Arcadia lithium mine in Africa, both of which are high-quality lithium mines and lithium in Africa.
High prices are expected to be at the core of the company ' s expected future performance. >The first lithium project to be deployed under the company ' s flag is the manono mine under the avz flag, which is still in the early stages of development.
On 30 June 2022, HWAY held 6.14% of the shares in avz, the second largest shareholder in vz, and avz held 75% of the shares in a manono oxide project, thereby calculating the company’s interest in penetrating 4.72% of a manono project.
One of the largest open-air deposits found in the world for lithiumlct (lithium, caesium, tantalum) is a total of 401 million tons of resources, an average of 1.63 per cent for lithium oxide, an average of 132 million tons for storage and an average of 1.63 per cent for lithium oxide.
Tons of lithium concentrate/year, combined with 46,000 tonnes/year of lithium sulphate capacity, for a period of 29.5 years, and the company ' s first-ever control of lithium mine project is the arcadia lithium mine, with a simultaneous planning of 50,000 tonnes of lithium salt \triangleright
In October 2021, Foresight announced a standard resource volume of 72.7 million tons for the Arcadia project, 1.06 per cent for lithium oxide, 121 ppm for tantalum pentaoxidation, 770,000 tons for lithium oxide, 1.9 million tons for lithium carbonate equivalent, and five tons for oxygen.
According to the company ' s June 2022 announcement, the arcadia lithium project invested $270 million in the construction and disposal of 15,000 tonnes/day of primary mines, producing 230,000 tons per year of lithium glyphos ore and 297,000 tons of lithium flint ore, while producing capacity in the interior of the country.
With the Guangxihua Lithium industry as the backbone of the project for the production of 50,000 tons of lithium salt per year, the construction period is two years, with 389 million tons of lithium quartz treated, with a total investment of 2.11 billion yuan. As of 2025h1, the amount of tons in Zimba has increased to 2.45 million tons, and the grade has risen to 1.34 per cent.
The company announced on March 20, 20, 20, 2023 that the company had completed the installation and commissioning of the entire production line of the Company’s prospective lithium industry, which was responsible for the disposal of 4.5 million tons of ore a year.
The first product was successfully produced by a full-line and in-source test product. The Prospective Lithium Arcadia Lithium Mining Project, the largest single-body investment project in Africa in the Chinese-American cobalt industry, was launched in February 2022.
And input, one of the fastest-growing lithium projects in the African region. In 2023, the African region ' s Bambwaarcadia lithium mining project was completed, and the Guangxi region, with 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium salt per year, reached production targets in the first quarter of 2024. In 2024, Zimbabwe,
The arcadia lithium mining project operated in an orderly manner, resulting in an increase of approximately 400,000 tons in lithium concentrates, or 41 per cent, compared with the previous year, with a significant increase in production capacity, while the company planned to start construction of the 50,000 tons of lithium sulphate project in January of 25 years, which, when completed, will result in a significant reduction in the integration of lithium concentrate into lithium salt mining.
Low production costs for lithium salt. As of 2025h1, production performance indicators for the company ' s lithium plate project were improving and production costs were declining; the 50,000 tons of lithium sulphate per year project was entering the installation phase of equipment, and construction was expected to be completed by the end of the year, and the project would take full advantage of the integration of minerals and further decrease.
Downstream layout 1: Ten years of sharpening of the drive before three dollars, continuously expanding the sword to refer to global integration. Through self-build and joint ventures, the company has steadily advanced the expansion of the drive before three dollars.
In 2018, the company joined forces with lig chemistry to set up a pre-positioning drive for Joaquin, with 51 per cent of the shareholding in HWAS, with 20.51 per cent of the actual interest in the cobalt industry.
In recent years, the company’s pre-triple drive capacity will be released, and production capacity will increase considerably. Downstream layout two: the acquisition of BAM technology, and the acceleration of the volume of material.
An enterprise, Tian Zimbamo, quickly cut into the tri-dollar orthodox material market, invested in integration projects in Guangxi, to reduce the cost of the various links and raise the gross material-rich ratio. The company raised funds through a fungible loan, and it built a "50,000-year high-purity battery-grade nickel production line, 100,000-year production line for sulphuric acid from China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China.
Tons of high nickel power cells are used in the production line of pre-triple drive materials and 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells per year in the production line of solid materials. An internal return of 20.18 per cent is projected for the project, with a projected investment recovery period (including a two-year construction period) of 6.49 years and an additional 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells in the production capacity of the three positive poles after delivery.
Downstream layout III: The active layout of the lithium battery recycling operation, which creates a ring of lithium electric material. The company ' s son, Hwa Yu, State and resource regeneration entered the first and second batch of the list of companies that meet the industry regulations for the integrated use of used power batteries in new-energy vehicles.
Through the development and acceptance of regenerative treatment of decommissioned batteries, a strategic cooperation model for waste-for-material exchange has been established with a number of domestic and international whole-of-carrying companies.In May 22, the company and the BMW Group developed innovative cooperation in power cell material closed loop recovery and ladder utilization:
Joint venture with lig chemistry in Korea to deepen cooperation on positive materials operations; in July 22, the company reached a cooperative intention with lig new energy sources to regenerate used power batteries. As business opens up, the company is forming from cobalt and nickel resources development, green smelting, pre-drive and solid materials manufacturing to resource recycling and recycling.
The current corporate recycling business model is a ladder-based and waste-for-material model with an annual capacity to process 65,000 tons of used battery material. The company has innovations in commercial models such as remanufacturing through recycling network systems, staircases, exploitation, resource use, waste-for-materials and battery maintenance, and so on.
The BMW, the public, Toyota, the lig new energy sources, the first gas, the second gas, the upper gas, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, and the second.
The company is also actively engaged in the internationalization of the pilot production of the 50,000-ton nickel sulphate project in Indonesia, Huafong, the 50,000-ton pre-drive project, which was largely completed in November, and the bulk supply achieved in the first quarter of this year, marking the emergence of the company's integrated lithium-emitting materials in Indonesia; in Korea, it worked with lig.
In Europe, the first phase of the Hungarian positive material phase of the 25,000 tons project is well under way and is expected to be completed during the year, with aid companies deeply embedded in the European electric motor vehicle industry chain and pre-empting markets for the European and global Lithium chain.
On October 18, 2024, China-Yo-Yo Cobalt New Energy Materials (IDN) Ltd. was the subject of a three-dollar pre-drive material project that produces 50,000 tons of high nickel batteries annually.
The completion and delivery ceremony, which was successfully held at the Luo Dabe Industrial Park in Indonesia, was completed and launched by the factory owner of the new energy lithium battery project, which was invested by a friend of China, and opened the pace of international manufacturing of Chinese friend products. The energy project covers an area of approximately 65,000 square metres, construction of approximately 70,000 square metres, and construction began in April 2024.
On February 28, 2025, the ceremony for the complete completion of the second phase of the energy project was successfully held at the Dube Industrial Park, so that the first Indonesian friend to invest in a new energy lithium battery, the entire industrial chain project, phase I and II, was fully completed. The project bound high-quality customers in North America, accompanied by the gradual climb of production capacity.
The slopes are expected to contribute to incremental profits.4 Profit predictions and investments suggest that the company's upstream resources be well-structured to build solid moats, downstream lithium materials and international resources and cars.
1) Risk of a sharp fall in product prices. The profitability of a company’s products varies with the fluctuations in metal prices, if (2) the company’s fund-raising projects are not as advanced as expected.
3. Demand is not as high as expected. The company has a larger number of construction projects, its capacity is growing rapidly, and if downstream markets are struggling or demand is growing less than expected, it leads to an underutilization of the company’s capacity and an increase in the one-ton depreciation amortization, resulting in higher costs, higher production than expected, and a disruption to the company’s profitability.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.