The Nanjing Bank's transition push for negative capital adjustment, which was determined to lead to a more severe negative ring comparison, showed that the three-quarterly report showed that the strategic transformation of Nanjing Bank was moving forward with firm and negative structural adjustments.
In addition, corporate capital is now close to the regulatory red line, and expansion will be somewhat constrained in the short term. Revenue growth has remained stable, and the provision for increases has been slightly lower than expected.
The 15.4 per cent increase in net quarterly profits over the year was slightly lower than we expected (17.4 per cent) and the 8.4 per cent increase in profits before the first three quarters of the company was equal to the 8.4 per cent increase in the first half of the year was the main reason for the slightly lower expectations for corporate performance.
At the income end, the performance was steady, with the previous three quarters increasing by 8.8 per cent, the rate of increase being almost equal to the first six months, with net interest income rising by 0.8 per cent compared to the previous six months, with a solid transition and a painful adjustment.
The ring grew slightly by 2 per cent from the end of June, with loans growing fast, by 7 per cent in the third quarter, representing an increase of 4.3 to 38 per cent in total assets compared to the beginning of the year, while the share of assets of a partner increased slightly after a sharp contraction in the second quarter, or 9 per cent in the second quarter. Retail lending grew faster than in the loan structure.
Adjusting the throes, the three-quarters deposit size ring is almost equal to the two-quarter period, the deposit structure is almost equal, and the quarterly interest rate goes down fast, and the difference is less than that of the same kind of small and medium-sized bank, and we measure the difference in the three-quarters single-quarter net, which is 1.8 percent, and the ring is 1 bp below.
The negative rate is slightly higher, and the asset quality is more stringent. The Nanjing Bank's negative rate for the third quarter is 0.89%, the ring is 3 bp higher, we measure the company's negative annual rate of 1.03% for the third quarter, and the ring's degree of caution is further tightened, considering that absolute negative levels are still low in the industry, overall capital.
The company’s provision coverage fell by 20 pct to 443%. The major risk to ratings is that the quality of assets deteriorates beyond expectations and financial supervision exceeds expectations.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
The growth in revenue has remained stable and the increase in the provision has resulted in a slightly lower level of performance than expected.
The main reason for this is expected to be an increase of 18 per cent (3.5 per cent for vs in the first half of the year) over the same year in the first quarter of the third quarter of the same quarter. At the end of the scale, the performance of revenue collection was robust, with an increase of 8.8 per cent in the previous quarter, which was almost the same as in the first half of the year, with net interest income rising by 0.8 to 5.1 per cent over the first half of the year, and fee income rising by 0.6 to 2.8 per cent compared to the lower half of the year.
The Nanjing Bank’s three-quarter asset size ring grew by a small 2 per cent compared to the end of June, continuing the shift of controlled volume lifting since the second half of 17 years, in which loans continued to grow fast, with a 7 per cent increase in the three-quarter ring, and the share of pull loans in total assets increased by 4.3 percentage points to 38 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, while counterparts showed that retail lending grew faster than public-to-public, with 36 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively, at the beginning of the year, and that the structure was gradually lightly capitalized.
The overall pain, the slowdown in scale and the restructuring of the credit structure have put some pressure on the growth of corporate deposits, with three-quarters deposit sizes almost equal to 2-quarters, and deposit structures showing a 17% decline in current deposits compared to the beginning of the year, with 21% decline in public life, resulting in higher deposit costs. Thus, with three-quarter interest rates falling fast, Nanking’s banks performed less well than small and medium-sized banks.
The difference of 1.8% for the third quarter of the company's single-season net interest margin and 1 bp below the ring ratio. The negative rate for the Nanjing bank for the third quarter was 0.89%, the negative annual rate for the three quarters of the company increased by 3 bp, and the negative annual rate for the three quarters rose by 1.03%, and the negative rate for the two quarters increased by 64 bp.
The level is still low in the industry, so the pressure on overall asset quality can be controlled in the future. As a result of an increase in negative rates, companies are making provision for coverage and allocation, according to the 3-quarterly report, the strategic transition of Nanjing Bank is firm, and the restructuring of the capital structure is beginning to yield results.
In the context of the negative impact of structural adjustment on interest differentials and the increase in the size of the provision,1 the downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development.
Well, there is a risk that the quality of banking assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector. The current trade friction between Central America and the United States is continuing, macro-economic uncertainty remains to be followed closely by dynamic changes in the economy.2 Financial regulation is over-expected. Banking regulation has continued since 2017, with full coverage of internal and external banking regulations, all right?
At the same time, the merger of the Silver and Security Councils will enhance regulatory coherence and coordination, enhance regulatory effectiveness, and the various regulatory rules documents are expected to fall at an accelerated rate. If tight regulation is tightened, industry’s business development may be constrained, thus affecting net profit growth.
3. The Chinese-American trade war has further escalated. China-United States trade war has shaky development, further increasing investors’ prospects for the domestic economy.