The Bank of Nanjing has made a solid move towards lightening the transition, focusing on changes in asset quality.
Debt pressure has emerged, with three quarters of the growth in deposits affecting the performance of corporate interest differentials; and corporate capital, which is close to the regulatory red line and will also be constrained in the short term by a short-term expansion in size, and by a downward adjustment in corporate ratings (formerly flat on peer interest rates, with revenue rising at a steady rate).
Banks with traditional advantages in the business sector were hit by capital interest rates in 2017, and the negative impact gradually subsided with the fall in the interest rates for joint funds in the second half of 2018. Corporate revenue performance was robust, rising by 8.8% in the previous three quarters, and the rate of increase was almost the same as in the first half of the year.
Net interest income increased by 0.8 percentage points to 5.1 per cent over the first half of the year; the speed of the increase in fees and fees; the transition was positive, and the pain was inevitable. The company continued the shift of controlled liftings since the second half of the 17th quarter, with a small 2 per cent increase in asset size in three quarters, with loans expanding rapidly and the ring expanding rapidly.
This is a 7% increase, with retail lending growing faster than public exchange, 36% and 17%, respectively, at the beginning of the year, and a gradual low capitalization of the structure. But the slowdown in scale and the restructuring of the credit structure have put some pressure on the length of the savings, the size of the deposits is almost equal, and the cost of the deposits is higher than the cost of the current deposits.
At the beginning of the year, there was a 17% decline, which led to higher savings costs. As a result, the company performed poorly on three quarters, with a small upturn in the negative rate, and a stronger asset quality rating. The Nanjing Bank’s three-quarter negative rate was higher by 3 bp to 0.89%, and we measured the annual downside rate of 1.03% in the first quarter of the company.
But absolute negative levels are still low in the industry, and the overall asset quality pressure is manageable in the future. Given the uncertainty of the internal and external economy,
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting, economic downside over-expected, financial over-intended.
The impact of the differential and the expansion of capital constraints and the downward adjustment of corporate ratings to higher ratings.