Peace Bank ($00001): Mid-2020: 11% profit decline and increased coverage 32pc  profit forecast and investment rating: bank share profits fell as expected in the market dispute, and we think credit impairments are being raised
The resulting decline in profitability is not the core of the trend in the valuation of the bank unit, and the asset quality index will be the key in the next half of the year. The quality of assets reported in the Peace Bank is very stable, with a negative rate equal to 1.65%, and the rate of new generation is measured to be even lower by 38bp to 2.38% compared to 2019, with a significant increase in coverage to 214.93% of assets.
Taking credit impairment into account, we lower the forecast of a safe bank’s profitability, predicting a stable asset quality, maintaining a firm’s “buy-in” rating, and continuing to be recommended as a central bank’s priority. ▪ Proactive credit impairment leads to a decline in profitability, but an increase of 18.9% reflects real performance excellence.
In the pre-Secretation period, data on the overall operations of commercial banks for the first half of the year had been disclosed, with a 8.5 per cent decline in the earnings of equity companies, which augured well for most banks to increase their credit impairments in the second quarter in response to potential credit risk pressures in the future, as expected. However, Pop's pre-depreciation growth was strong by 18.9 per cent, compared with 19.4 per cent in the first quarter.
The uneven pace reflects the continued high performance in the second quarter, not only as a result of the acceleration of lending by the banking sector in the first half of the year, the expansion of assets, but also as a result of the fact that the Sake Bank itself maintained a steady net spread (a slight decrease of 1 bp to 2.59 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the first quarter), as well as strong growth in non-interest income.
Since the impairment has led to a decline in profits, the core observations on the basics of the safe bank (and the banking sector) for the second half of the year have fallen in terms of the quality of the assets, and if the quality of the assets deteriorates, there will be a need for further high impairments in the future.
If the quality of the asset is stable, the bank risk credit capacity will increase significantly, the balance sheet will be healthier, and the profit rate will stabilize or recover. Given the medium-term operations of the Peace Bank, the quality of the asset is currently very stable, with a negative rate at the beginning of the year and in the first quarter.
At 1.65% of the end of the scale, we measure an annually negative production rate of 2.38%, which is significantly better than expected, or even less. Due to the robust quality of the assets, the safe bank provision coverage has risen to 214.93%, an increase of 32 pct from the end of 2019, with a provision coverage of 60+ days and 90+ days overdue.
Year after year: strong negative growth of 14.8 per cent, overall stabilization of asset quality. ▪ Downwards in the cost of liabilities are central to maintaining resilience to net interest differentials, and retail wealth management blocks continue to grow at a high rate.
The net interest margin for the first half of the year fell by 3 bp to 2.59 per cent on the same basis, and by only 1 bp on the first quarter.
Peace Group reports that the gold-digging bank's resources are mainly a reduction in the rate of return on loans by 18 bp and on bond investments by 9 bp over a quarter. Cost management at the end of the debt has been effective, with interest-bearing measures such as controlling high-cost deposits and increasing the ratio of low-cost peer liabilities.
Debt cost rates range from 12 bp to 2.42 per cent lower than in the first quarter, and 27 bp lower than in the previous quarter, with deposit costs falling from one quarter to the annual report: public recovery, liabilities 7 bp lower, bond and inter-operability cost rates of 14 bp and 26 bp lower, respectively, than in the first quarter.
At the same time, non-interest income continued to grow at a high rate, mainly as a result of the rapid growth of private banking, which led to an increase in management income, with the number of private banks meeting their targets growing by 16.7 per cent to 5.11 million at the end of the middle of the year, aum growing by 25.8 per cent to $923.05 billion at the beginning of the year, and retail wealth management remained the highest certainty for Peace Bank.
Growth plate. In addition, the company ' s cost income for the first half of the year was reduced by 2.16 pct to 27.3 per cent compared to the same year, with a degree of continuous upswing in the non-performing credit ratio for retail credit; 3) lower than expected growth in public business.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board