The first half of the year saw a net profit before the provision was made.
The net profits from lubricant, remortgage and repatriation are 78.33 billion, 56.15 billion and 13.68 billion, representing an increase of 15.5 per cent, 18.9 per cent and -11.2 per cent respectively.
As a result, the company’s banks have been created to create smart retail banks, and to promote a two-way lightening of the company’s banks. Integrated finance is a feature of the company’s operations, with a high rate of growth in the comptoirs and a significant increase in the provision.
The advantage is that the firm relies on a large individual customer base, strong brand influence, extensive distribution networks and complete aggregate drops, and is proactive in increasing the provision. 1h20 credit and other asset impairment losses are 41.5 per cent higher than in the previous year.
The system of financial products provides a powerful nuclear boost to the overall retail transformation and the creation of leading intelligent retail banks, with only a 1bp drop, mainly due to the downside of the cost of indebtedness. In the first half of the year, the overall cost of indebtedness was rigid.
At the end of June, low-cost personal deposits accounted for 1.64 pct to 24.51% higher than at the end of the previous year. The impact of 2q20 savings, interest-bearing liabilities and lower retail lending ratios, 2q20 loan returns, interest-bearing asset returns of 1q20, respectively
Trust plan fee revenue is driven; other fee revenue increased by 54.8 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of the increase in revenue from treasury operations. (2) Other non-interest income increased by 43.2 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of the increase in investment returns (with stable asset quality and an increase in retail underperformance). At the end of June, the negative rate was 1.65 per cent and the quarterly round ratio was maintained.
Keeping down the downward trend; poor stock disposal accelerated and asset quality tightened further. Retail-type loans increased 0.37 pct from late 19 years, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, accelerated risk release, and asset mass pressure. Of this, credit card lending was 2.35% poor, up 0.69 pct from late 19 years.
Retail operations remain more resilient and private sector operations continue to expand faster. Retail operations continued to optimize their revenue structure during the first half of the year.
At the same time, the private sector is expanding at an accelerated pace. 5.11 million private sector subscribers at the end of June, an increase of 16.7 per cent over the end of 19 years; and private aum, an increase of 25.8 per cent over the end of 19 years, continue to have a large potential for future growth in private wealth.
Investment recommendations: Companies insist on retail transformation and technological empowerment, and maintain resilience to net profit growth before provision. Risks are more prudent, asset quality is maintained, and risk offsets are strengthened. In the current climate of greater macro-level uncertainty, companies may further scale up write-off disposals and provisions, we anticipate.
Corporate financial science and technology advantages and overall spending on public retailing strategies, giving companies 1.3 times the 2020 pb goal tianxy@dxzq.net.cn the source of financial prosperity in the East
Figure 1: The same rate of growth in the performance of the Bank of Peace, Figure 2: The same rate of increase in the performance of the Bank of Peace during the single season, Figure 3: The 1q20, the 1h20 performance of the Bank of Peace
Figure 10: The Bank of Peace provides 14.6 pct to 214.93 per cent of the upper line.
Figure 11: The Bank of Peace retail loans grew steadily, and retail loans rose slightly by the end of June compared to the ring.
Peace Bank (000001) maintained high profits and good asset quality before the provision.
Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom. Years of experience in banking, career studies in gold securities, seaton securities, Skywind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Peacebank (00001): The profits have increased before the provision is made, and the quality of the assets does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.