The major development of the power cell industry will lead to the rapid growth of the power cell industry with a larger number of acillary models that will help the public.
The new energy automobile industry is in a period of rapid growth, with the country exceeding 120gwhh, about four times as high as in 2017, which will provide a huge opportunity for power cell producers. Compared to competitors, companies have an advantage in the number of acillary models, with a total of 10 recommended catalogues up to 2017.
Four of the vehicles are ranked top ten in domestic sales, providing strong security for the company’s growth in power cell sales. At the same time, the company has entered the supply system of the vans, the wind, the gas, the Jianghuai, and the middle-tons, and the city’s ranking is expected to rise from the fourth place in 2016 (vetbank data) to the third place in 2017.
In recent years, power cell production has expanded rapidly, with low-end excess capacity and low-end capacity.
In the future, as competition increases, we believe that only firms that have a strong technological and cost advantage will be able to reshuffle the industry. The new energy car subsidy policy will probably be withdrawn in 2020, and the price of powered batteries will be reduced from the current level of about $1.6/wh to less than $1.0/wh.
With a cost advantage, the larger cost-reducing pressure will phase out a large number of small, low-tech power cores. According to big lithium power data, about 200 power cell companies currently in existence in the country are expected to be eliminated by about 90% by 2020, and industry concentration will increase rapidly.
The company focused on power cell industry for more than a decade, with R & D power in the first bloc, with inventions second only to Biadi and R & D second only to catl.
The company has laid out its major raw material industries, such as positive and negative materials, diaphragms, electrolytes, and copper plating, and has completed the extension to power cells, creating a very high cost-control capability, with a Māori ratio of products well above the industry average. The company is expected to further strengthen its costs and technological advantages in the future, becoming a power battery giant after catl.
Shen Li-Ting, whose policy is to promote a robust grid, will have a smooth growth in power equipment operations. In 2016, the basic state grid will be built up: the upstream layout will be improved and the company will be well-developed.
To the extent that we benefit from investment in the country's electricity grid, the company's transmission and distribution business is expected to grow steadily, leading to stability.
We're predicting a $3.6 billion increase in the amount of new energy from the North, which is expected to emerge as one of the leading companies in the power cell sector.
The company now has fatty, Xiangjiang, Nanjing, Suzhou, Qingdao, Tangshan, and is now in possession of the company.
The company ' s main products are lithium batteries and power distribution equipment, and key raw materials such as positive and negative materials, diaphragms, electrolytes, etc., have been produced for its own use in order to reduce costs. With the advantage of cost, the company ' s products are real.
Mass density is the key to the company’s survival. Billions of dollars in funding expands the capacity of energy cell materials and cores, and sets up chargers and power aggregate control systems.
In the face of the impending more intense price battles, the company’s relatively well-funded readiness is expected to help out in future competition, becoming one of the big power cell industry. Battery operations dominate: the company has two main units of battery and transmission equipment, in 2016 and 2017.
Half-yearly battery operations received $4,075 million and 2,028 million, respectively, at a rate of about 85 per cent, with major contributors and major impact plates from the loss of electrical appliances from East sources.
Upstream positive materials are self-produced, and lithium is higher than industry levels: in 2014-2016, the Māori rate for company power cells remained flat at around 10 points. The company ' s powered lithium battery has benefited mainly from the self-production of key materials.
In addition, the company’s accounts receivable age is mainly within one year, with its clients being mainly new energy car manufacturers, with better financial strength and credit; and firm policies for the preparation of bad debts are developed with a strong risk-resilient capacity. (ii) Company development of course and equity structure
Development of the history and equity structure of the company: the largest shareholders in the company are the Pearl State Trading Company Ltd. (which operates in a commercial wholesale and retail manner) with a share of 24.78%; the actual controlling person is Li Xing, with a share of 11.68%.
(b) In February 2007, the 50,000ah battery production line was tested; the production line of lithium phosphate material was put into operation; and the Institute of National Hydraulic Engineering was established;
(b) In March 2010, the production of lithium materials was expanded, with a base of 200,000 car-specific lithium production lines; the capacity of 300,000 person-days was created;
In August 2013, in cooperation with Nanjing Jinlong, Wuhan Wootung and Ankay, the production of pure electric passenger vehicles was developed; in April 2015, shell lending was completed; in September 2015, the listed company was renamed “Ningong High Co. Ltd.”, while the securities were changed in short to “Ningang High Co. Ltd.”; a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with North Gas New Energy in November 2015;
In January 2016, a joint venture was launched with star-source material to build the “The largest powered lithium ion cell diaphragm project in the East China region”; in March 2016, the re-investment in the Beijing New Energy Motors Company Ltd. held 3.75 per cent of the share in the North Gas;
(i) The Recommended Catalogue Auxiliary Industry is ahead of schedule, and client coverage is in the first tier, and only the type of vehicle entering the Recommended Catalogue for the Extension of New Energy Cars is available, according to the government authorities.
National and local subsidies. New energy automobile enterprises and products declared in the Catalogue should meet the technical requirements of the Circular on the Adjustment of the Financial Subsidy Policy for the Extension of New Energy Vehicles, and battery packages will require a synchronized development of the entire car manufacturer and the core company, which can be catalogued only after testing by the Centre, and will require more time and financial costs.
The fixed mix between the battery manufacturer and the entire manufacturer of the catalogue will not be changed easily. A cumulative total of 2,949 vehicles, including 346, 1698 and 905 passenger and specialized vehicles, were selected for the first 10 batches issued by the Ministry in 2017.
In 2016 and 2017, in 10 batches, the annual rate of increase was 113 per cent, while the annual rate of increase was smaller for purely electric passenger vehicles. In terms of output data, the production of pure electric passenger vehicles, pure electric passenger vehicles and pure electric utility vehicles was 296,000 vehicles, 34,000 vehicles and 58,000 vehicles, respectively, in January-October 2017.
Production is much higher than pure electric buses and pure electric cars and is the backbone of the future development of new energy vehicles. On average, for each additional car, passenger vehicles, special vehicles, the catalogues will correspond to an increase in production of 949 new vehicles, 28 passenger vehicles and 64 special vehicles, respectively.
The higher it will be, the higher the binding of large-scale cars is the key to a competitive advantage in the future. Lithium power industry has a high concentration, and companies have a large fleet of vehicles: 146 different battery suppliers in 10 batches by 2017 matched 2949 models, of which the top 10 battery manufacturers matched 1860, or 68%, in industry.
In the case of cars, the first three catl, Biade and the second, 29 and 24 vehicles, respectively, will be in the company.
Insurance for sales of power batteries. Figure 14: Top 10 enterprises with 1-10 recommended catalogues in 2017: top 10 enterprises with 1-10 recommended catalogues in 2017: top 10 enterprises with 1-10 recommended catalogues in 2017
Specifically, the company ' s passenger vehicles include seven companies, including Anhui Jianghua (8), North Gas New Energy (4), Jili Cars (4), Chang Rivers (2), and Chirry Cars (2), representing North Gas 180, North Gas 10, Jiang Xieev 6s/e, Jiang Xiaoiev 7, Chireq Electrics and Gil Li Haeev, which occupied 10 years ago.
In the case of buses, the company’s main accompanies are a passenger bus (20 sections), Angé Ankei (11 sections), Nanjing’s public transport (9 sections) Xiangmen’s gold dragon (section 4), Shanghai’s Xinlong (section 4), and the North Star bus (section 3), respectively.
In 2017, the company disclosed a total of $4.7 billion in orders, and as a star of the new energy car market this year, nearly 50,000 were sold in the first half of October, ranking first.
The enhanced market position of the power cell business will make a significant contribution. In the future, cooperation between companies and North Gas on the eu and new brand of the arcfox series will not be excluded, further enhancing the stickyness of new energy sources with North Gas. Table 2: Key contract disclosures in 2017
In the first half of 2017, the top five clients of the company were Anhui Jianghuai, Chinese passenger cars, new energy sources from North Gas, Fertilizer and Sioux energy, and emergport, with a ratio of 64.68%. The first three of these companies were car-making enterprises, which provided them mainly with mobile battery systems; and the second two, energy management system companies, which provided them with lithium batteries.
(ii) The pre-extension of capacity, with a steady rise in the ranking of the city’s share, and the rapid expansion of power cell industries over the last two years, driven by both industrial policy and rapid growth in market demand. On the policy front, the National Action Plan for the Development of the Automotive Battery Industry (2017.3) explicitly calls for a boost by 2020.
The battery industry has a total capacity of more than 100 billion Wh, forming an internationally competitive leader of 40 billion Wh in sales. On the market side, about 520,000 new energy vehicles were sold in 2016, an increase of about 52% over the same year, corresponding to about 28.3gwhh in demand for power cells; and it is estimated that more than 700,000 new energy vehicles could be sold in 2017 (an increase of more than 35% over the same year).
Total power cell demand is expected to reach 34.0gwh (an increase of about 20 per cent over the same period); for example, 2 million new energy vehicles are sold under the national planning target of 2020, total power cell market demand is expected to be 124.3gwhh in 2020, equivalent to billion yuan in 2016, some 2.1 times higher than in 2016.
Cars are the dominant market trend of three-dollar lithium in the year January-October 2017, with a total domestic power cell load of about 18.1gwh, with a fleet of 9.8gwh, or 54% (30% of passenger vehicles and 16% of specialized vehicles). Battery types show a ratio of about 70% of three-dollar lithium batteries, up from 52% in 2016, and power batteries heading for three-dollar lithium.
According to Lithium Power Large Data, there are now more than 200 power cell companies in the country, and it is expected that by the end of this year the total planned capacity will exceed 200 gwh. We have counted the top 14 major battery manufacturers ' expansion plans, with their total capacity estimated in 2016.
58gwh, projected to increase to 122gwh in 2017, and to expand rapidly to 271gwh by 2020, with a combined annual growth rate of up to 47%. With the rapid expansion of productive capacity, the industry is experiencing low-end overcapacity and high-end capacity deficits, future competition will intensify, and industry shuffling is inevitable.
Industry may be phased out by more than 90%, i.e. from the current 200 to about 20, compared to the top five major business markets and 389 million, with 132, 312, 619 and 370 million, respectively, with a consistently high concentration of over 95% of the power lithium battery market and an increase in the company ' s ranking: despite the large number of participants, it is in the lithium battery industry.
The concentration has been high, with about 78 per cent of the top 10 firms in 2016 and about 75 per cent in January-October 2017 (which is expected to be higher for the entire year). In the last two years, competition patterns have changed considerably in the top three firms, with Bia di rapidly overstepping the share of the market by Catl, mainly because of its internal content, and the head of the country has squeezed Walterma into the top three parts of the industry.
Catl installed about 5.5 gwh in October of this year, with a city share of about 30%, with a more pronounced advantage; Biadi and the Kingdom are both in the first camp, with better costs and technology, and will not exclude a step-up in ranking in the industry in the future, becoming one of the taps of the lithium-powered battery after the catl.
(i) Policy-led power cell development towards high energy density and low cost, encouraging power cell development towards high energy density technology: Promotion of the Automotive Battery Industry, March 2017
The Program of Action specifies that the target for 2020 is more than 300wh/kg power per cell, and that the system will strive for 260wh/kg. The current power cell system in our country is about 115wh/kg per energy average, which is still far from the target value of 260wh/kg. Therefore, constant updating of battery technology and upgrading of battery energy density will be at the core of the power cell industry.
From the point of view of the subsidy policy, the Circular on the Adjustment of Fiscal Subsidies for the Extension of New Energy Vehicles, issued at the end of 2016, specifies the energy intensity of pure electric motor vehicles by car cell > 120wh/kg, which is 1.1 and 1.2 times the energy density of pure electric passenger vehicles cell > 115wh/kg, respectively.
From the perspective of the two-part policy, higher energy density means that fewer batteries can be used to reduce the quality of the whole vehicle, less 100 km of electricity can be used y, and there is a greater likelihood of a 1.2-fold component that meets the conditions set by the policy. There is also a lower demand for about 38% of the target cost of 2020: the policy explicitly requires a reduction in battery systems by 2020.
Subsidy adjustments in 2018 or further increases in energy intensity and cost requirements for power cell systems: In the near future, there has been a re-dissemination of industry-related adjustments to subsidies in 2018, based on earlier experience with early disclosure of websites prior to major changes in each new energy car policy, which we believe to be more likely.
The subsidy threshold for increasing battery energy density is consistent with the policy of encouraging the use of high-energy-density batteries. Regardless of future policy changes, technological innovation and the ability to control costs will be the core competitiveness of power cell enterprises. (ii) The global layout three power R & D system, with R & D capabilities at the top of the ladder.
The company is a company that has developed a new global layout of the three-power system (cells, electric machines, electrical controls) for new energy vehicles: the company has a global layout of five institutes dedicated to building an integrated, internationally leading system of high-safety, high-energy-power cell research and development. The existing compost research institute has a full-chain research and development capability from material development to battery-system product development; the American Institute is mainly engaged in research and development.
bms R & D; Japan Institute for Research in the future, mainly in materials development and materials matching technology; European Institute for Research in the development and testing of new energy, power-driven motor power control systems; company battery technology advantages, mainly in terms of the number of battery patents and scientific technicians in R & D production, as well as research
A better system of institutions and stronger R & D inputs will further expand technological advantages. The number of patents on inventions is higher, with the number of patents ranked second: 826 in total, with the industry ranked third; 56% of the patents on inventions, and the number of patents on inventions ranked second only to Biadi.
The energy density of power cells is determined mainly by battery material, and the patent for the invention of the State is concentrated mainly in the material area: the key to upgrading the energy density of the ponds is the development of positive materials, and materials such as diaphragms and electrolytic liquid additives also have a more comprehensive approach to the energy of batteries.
Li, of which there are 83 items of battery material, the largest amount of which is available. A breakdown shows that patents for materials are mainly based on positive materials (up to 42 items), and figure 32: Distribution of patents for battery R & D/production-related inventions declared by KNHQ in 2016, figure 33: Distribution of patents for materials declared by KNHK in 2016
The number of R & D technicians is second only to Catl, accelerating the expansion of the professional workforce: by the third quarter of 2017, companies had accumulated more than 1,200 technicians, well above other competitors on the same team; 549 new recruits (after Catl) are expected to graduate in 2017-2018, and it is planned that by 2020 the number of R & D personnel will be more than 3,000.
In the first half of 2017, there was a slight decline in R & D by companies, but the cost of R & D was higher than reported on May 19th, and the project "R & D and Integrated Application of Lithium Lithium ion Batteries with Power Power Power at High Levels" led by HQ was phased in. Among these, high nickel positive material matches silicon-based negative material to achieve a single cell energy density of 281 wh/kg.
The 1c-folder room temperature cycle maintains 80% of 350 cycles; the energy density of the tri-chill core monolith will reach 210-220wh/kg, and the energy density will exceed 140wh/kg when clustered, using lithium-rich positive material to match the silicon-based negative-polar material. The power of the company's battery system is in the first industry, leading even globally in terms of a large-capacity rectangular three-dimensional core.
Lithium battery technology has been improving and is expected to be replicated on a large scale in the national electric vehicles that continue at less than 250 km: although the three-dollar lithium battery has emerged, the company has never given up on the replacement of lithium phosphate technology (which started with lithium phosphate). At present, the energy density of the company's volume-producing lithium battery unit has reached 160wh/kg battery packs with energy density of 120wh/kg or more.
It represents one of the highest technological levels in the country, supermarket expectations. Against a background of rising prices for cobalt resources, the low-cost advantage of lithium batteries is gradually becoming apparent, adding higher safety features that are especially suitable for use in national electric vehicles below 250 km in a continuous voyage.
Three-dollar 111 batteries have a strong cost advantage. Prices of the positive and polar materials of phosphate are expected to fall further in the future, and the availability of iron ore resources will be an important link in the development of our new energy automobile-powered battery system.
Iron potassium phosphate Lithium phosphate has a theoretical capacity of 170 mah/g and an output voltage of 3.2 v, corresponding to a positive ratio capacity of 544 ww/kg. At present, there is still room for upgrading of the volume of lithium as much as 145-150 mah/g.
Optimization of materials such as shells, which can increase the energy density of the mass core to about 200wh/kg, and given the potential for expansion of the use of solid-state electrolysis in 2020-2025, the energy density of the phosphate lithium core is expected to increase further to around 250wh/kg. (iii) Integration of the industrial chain up and down, with high cost control capabilities
The company is a self-produced battery material with a cost-control capability that is much higher than the industry average: the company's Māori level is in the industry's first class, and we believe that the main reason for this is the operation of upstream battery raw materials. The company has now achieved self-production of battery nodes, diaphragms, and electrolyte additives, with the addition of silicone negative poles, titanium-acid lithium negative polar materials, and so on in the future.
Two major production bases, five major material production capabilities: the company’s battery material production capacity comes mainly from two production bases, Tangshan and Jingjiang. According to the company’s announcement, the company intends to work with Biadi and the Central Group to build 88,000 tons of pre-remobilization units at Tangshan base; and at Qijiang.
At the same time, the company acquired the Basv U.S. Electrolyte Laboratory and related patents, and planned 30,000 tons of electrolyte in power cells (based on research information).
On November 23, the company announced that the DRC had agreed that the company would issue green bonds of no more than 1 billion yuan; on November 27, the Department successfully raised about 3.6 billion yuan in equity. Debt and equity would bring the company $4.6 billion in cash, which would be sufficient to support a sustained increase in productive capacity in 2018 and to replenish operating funds.
The company ' s layout of battery raw materials is as follows: positive materials account for about 40% of the cost of the core and negative materials for about 8%. According to the company ' s officials, the company already owns 0.9 million.
Tons/year positive material capacity, including 0.3 million tonnes/year ncm622 and 0.6 million tonnes/year of phosphate, lithium lithium production capacity (extended to 12,000 tonnes/year at the end of this year). With regard to negative materials, the company has 0.15 million tonnes/year of titanium acid production capacity. In October 2017, the company produced 30,000 tonnes of ncm811 per year at the foundation of Xiangjiang; and 10,000 tonnes of high nickel production capacity.
Positive materials and 0.5 million tons of silicon-based negative poles were also produced in April of this year.
With regard to the pre-Thirties drive, the company will work with China Metallor and Biadi to set up a joint venture in Cao Cao to drive 40,000 tons of pre-Tons and ncm622 materials. In January 2016, the company and the star-source material were set up to produce lithium diaphragms in a composted river, with a replenishment in June 2016.
After the expansion, the share share of the stellar material was 40.15 per cent, the share of the compost country was 26.92 per cent, and the share of the compost city was invested in a total of $3 billion from the compost source, the 500 million m2 of lithium ion battery wet membrane and coating diaphragm project, which invested $1 billion in a medium-term project with an output capacity of 80 million m2 and was officially launched on 12 July 2017 and is expected to be at least
The launch of the project marks another major achievement of the company’s investment in the industrial chain. In 2016, our lithium battery diaphragm was delivered about 1 billion square meters, of which 130 billion square metres were exported from star-sourced materials.
In recent years, astro-source material has taken on two national “863” development projects, and four scientific studies have been able to produce lithium cell diaphragms ranging from 12 to 40 μm, depending on the needs of their clients, through the identification and application of 34 patents, one of the pioneers in the lithium diaphragm industry.
The main clients of the star-source material also include a number of domestic known enterprises such as Biadi, Kuko, Tianjin, Mandi Group, Jeeves, etc.; in the international market, corporate products have successfully achieved lig chemical supplements to Korea, such as 3 electrolytic fluid additives.
The electrolyte is called the "blood" of a lithium ion cell, a medium used to transmit ion between the positive and negative poles of the battery, which has a significant impact on the cell's operating temperature range, circulation efficiency, relative to capacity and safety performance, which amounts to about 8% of the cost of a power lithium battery. The electrolyte contains electrolyte (Lithium hexafluorate), solvents and additives, with additives that improve the very low temperature of the power cell.
Capability, life cycle, safety, Kulon efficiency, multiplier performance, and the formation of the sei membrane play a crucial role. In early 2017, the company set up a special research and development department for electrolytic fluids in composting, and acquired the Bassov American Electrolytic Laboratory and related patents (based on research information), constantly deepening the layout of the electrolyte material, with high voltage for the future.
Energy-density batteries are stored in technological reserves. Basf is the world’s 500-strong, with a deep accumulation in tri-material and electrolyte research, and is the main supplier of core additives in tri-star and lig cell electrolytes.
(i) Policies drive the development of the electricity grid, with a steady increase in investment in the grid, and the development of the transmission and distribution and control equipment manufacturing industries are closely linked to the development of the electricity industry. In recent years, the good growth of our economy has led to the rapid growth of the electricity industry, which is now the second largest power producer and producer in the world after the United States.
In the first nine months, 373.1 billion yuan was spent on grid construction, representing a 4.6 per cent increase in total investment in the national “13th Five” grid planning. According to the 13th Five-Year Plan for Electricity Development, published by the National Development Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority, the construction of future smart grids and the construction of new energy-discharged facilities will be the focus and core driving force of future electricity construction.
(ii) A steady growth in transmission and distribution operations, with companies leading the sales of their core products Transmission and distribution equipment from Eastern sources, including high-voltage electrical appliances, high-low-voltage switch sets, electrical digitization equipment, network intelligence equipment, serial interoperability, transformers, circuit breakers, integrated chargeposts, vehicle chargers and others
The company’s core products are 40.5kv vacuum breakers and 40.5kv lockers, which are the leading annual national sales; new sources of car critical parts, electric car chargers/mechanisms/stations are sold at a double cost; products are sold at a higher cost in Asia, non-Cuba, Iran, Congo, Cuba, etc.
More than 30 countries and territories, including Europe and Eastern Europe.
The productive capacity of the company’s transmission and distribution business has been maintained at 18,000, with a decline in capacity utilization in the first half of the year. Industry’s leader, Catl, achieved a net return profit of $30.22 billion in 2016 (2017h1 net return profit), with companies listed, with power cell operations mainly accounting for a larger number of billions of latitude lithium, orthodoxy, oriental orthopaedic energy sources.
As a comparison of the target companies. Because of the high ranking of the city and the existence of a certain premium on valuation, we gave the high school of the country a dynamic market surplus of 25 times that of 2018, slightly above the average value of 23.6 times that of the comparable company. Moreover, we excluded the two companies that had an abnormal valuation, namely, the Kenrivo and the Integrator.
2. Electricity equipment: The company’s performance in the transmission and distribution of electricity comes mainly from the contribution of East European appliances, and is expected to increase steadily as a result of the company’s technological and cost advantages, with the company’s ability to take the lead in the profitable sector, given the broad range of customers covered by the company’s coverage of electric vehicles, and by the binding of the company’s front-loaded entire enterprise, which will fully benefit from the high rate of growth in the new energy vehicle industry.
Competing competitiveness will become apparent as the power cell industry shuffles, and the industry is expected to rise significantly and become one of its leaders. Direct downstream of the company’s products is a new-energy car-to-car enterprise, whose output will not be fully exploited if the new-energy car output is sold at a lower rate than expected, and where the company’s capacity for significant expansion will not be fully exploited, as will the high cost of line depreciation and operating revenues from power cell products.
Corporate power cell operations account for about 85 per cent of total revenue, and the policy reversal and increased competition in the industry will result in the sale of power cells.
Materials are also subject to the price of upstream lithium carbonate, nickel, cobalt, and other natural mineral resources, and the price of upstream raw materials has a greater impact on the company’s main business costs. While companies are committed to building an integrated whole-of-industry chain of new energy-powered batteries, with relatively strong cost management and bargaining power, they may have an impact on the company’s operations if the prices of upstream raw materials fluctuate significantly.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data