Battery taps, preparation for the "new" battlefield - the first coverage report by the National High School - the power cell tap, which benefits from the rapid development of the new energy automobile industry:
The company is one of the first companies in the country to develop, produce, and sell lithium ion batteries (groups) that are powered by new energy vehicles. The company’s products include the powered lithium ion battery product, the single lithium ion electric power, and we are expected to sell 2 million new energy cars over the next three years.
The company’s annual output of power cells is the sixth largest in the world, and future companies are expected to increase their share of the market even further, thanks to the dual advantage of technology and cost.
The rapid growth of the power cell industry has been accompanied by an unusually high level of competition in the industry, and in 2018 the company will “three-prongedly” from technology, cost and client to “new” battlefields.
All three-dollar batteries have a very strong technical capability, producing a high energy density of phosphorus cylindrical phosphate for the current year, amounting to 170 wwh/kg, with a near-lower cost. Laboratory energy density has reached 190 ww/kg, which is higher than the energy vda series, and the energy density of the single hard-shell core has been raised to 210 wwh/kg.
Up. In 2018, the energy-related company will be working on the 5gw and 2gw lithium production lines. It is expected that the core raw materials upstream of the layout will increase further the self-production ratio in 2018 and that the cost control of the company ' s products will be further enhanced.
The company’s new energy strategy partner, a strong alliance, will be beneficial to both sides. The way in which future cars and power cell companies work together will be the way in which future new energy and power companies will work together.
The usual model of deep corporate cooperation, with the company ' s seven packages selected for the first recommended catalogue in 18 years, has now set up over 40,000 orders with the company ' s main shipment, the North Gas, and Jiang Xiao, which will take the lead in the certainty of beneficiary orders when the industrial boom returns in March-April.
The company has recently issued a plan for controlling the growth of the number of people and the ownership of the staff, creating incentives that will help to streamline the interests of the company and its staff and fully motivate the staff, while highlighting the company's commitment to the future.
First coverage, “recommended” rating: 1, power cell tap, benefiting from the rapid development of the new energy automobile industry: 1.1, steady tilling, achievement a battery tap
The company’s main business is divided into two major sections, namely, lithium cell power and transmission and distribution equipment. The company is one of the first companies in the country to develop, produce and sell lithium ion batteries (groups) for new-energy vehicles autonomously. The company’s products include lithium ion battery products, single-body lithium ion batteries (cores), etc.
The company uses a “customer-centred” market concept to develop markets, and has a reputation for being marketed, constantly explored, and practiced. As one of the major equipment industries for national economic development, the company’s main products are high-pressure appliances, and so on.
High- and low-voltage switches, electrical digitization equipment, network intelligence equipment, series interoperability, transformers, circuit breakers, integrated chargers, vehicle chargers and energy storage cabinets, etc., are widely used in the fields of fire power, utilities, nuclear power, wind power, metallurgy, railways, etc.
1.2. Core competitiveness analysis 1) Core team advantage: Core members of the corporate management team have worked in the lithium battery industry for many years, with extensive technological research and development and operational management experience, and have received numerous awards for science and technology at the national and provincial levels.
The management team and core technical teams have extensive industry experience, contributing to an in-depth understanding of domestic and foreign industry trends, and to the timely formulation and adjustment of corporate development strategies to enable companies to take the lead in market competition. In the meantime, companies have a research and development team with innovative R & D capabilities, with more than 500 existing technology R & D practitioners.
2) Technology R & D advantages: As a technology company, the company focused on the development and manufacture of lithium-powered batteries. Over the reporting period, cumulative R & D invested $330 million in the construction of five research institutes around the world, basically leading to the analysis of battery life-cycle systems from space and time dimensions, and laying the groundwork for product design, development and validation
At the end of the reporting period, the company had cumulatively authorized more than 600 patents, of which 134 were patents for inventions;
3) Clients and market advantages: With regard to the characteristics of the powered lithium battery industry, companies have developed, through years of marketing networks and teams, an efficient market response and operational capability. Business people are always active in the market and are able to respond directly to end-users, quickly and accurately to their demand for direct feedback on the company’s production, research and development.
An efficient market response and operational capacity has created an integrated competitive advantage in the company’s market. After many years of farming, the company already owns the upper-gas group, the new North Gas Energy, the middle-passenger, the Nanjing Kinlong, the Ankay passenger car, and the other two.
(4) Operating and managing advantages: the company focuses on team implementation, organizations and positions at all levels are closely tied to the strategic and operational approach of the Department, using goal management as a means of implementing measures and mechanisms to promote operations and management
Continuous improvement, resulting in increased quality and efficiency of operations, and management advantages for companies characterized by excellent organizational performance and continuous improvement drive. 1.3. Power cell taps, with huge space for growth
In 2016, companies achieved robust growth in their business performance, achieving operating revenues of $475,793.19 million, and continued to grow at a high rate, leading the electricity and equipment industry. During the first half of 2017, as a result of changes in the new energy industry’s policies, corporate revenues remained almost at the same level as last year’s.
However, it remained high and industry-led.
On the market side, the volume of new energy vehicles sold in 2016 was about 520,000, an increase of about 52 per cent over the same period, corresponding to about 28.3gwh for power batteries; the estimated volume of new energy vehicles sold in 2017 was more than 700,000 (an increase of more than 35 per cent over the same period), while total power cell demand is expected to reach 34.0gwh (an increase of about 20 per cent over the same period);
The total demand for power cells in 2020 is expected to be 124.3gwhh, equivalent to 4.4 times that in 2016, if 2 million new energy vehicles are sold in 2020 according to the national planned target. Assuming an average of $1.0/wh, the domestic market for vehicle-powered lithium batteries in 2020 is estimated to be 124.3 billion yuan, or 2.1 times that in 2016.
The policy of extending the period of exemption from the acquisition tax until 2020 is officially in place. Because of the high cost of batteries in new energy vehicles, the collection of the purchase tax will increase the pressure on the industry chain, while at the same time affecting consumer enthusiasm for the purchase of the car.
With determination and determination, our country has made new energy fuels one of the industrial directions of its future determined development; policy mixes are frequent, guaranteeing business transformation. Although subsidies will be phased out in the future, the country’s successive new energy promotion policies, such as the new energy vehicle acquisition tax exemption policy, have protected the development of new energy vehicles.
According to the data of the China Air Association, in 2017, the country ' s new energy vehicles were sold in close to 800,000 vehicles, amounting to 79.40 million vehicles and 777,000 vehicles, respectively, an increase of 53.8 per cent and 53.3 per cent, respectively, respectively, with an increase in the same volume and the same rate of increase.
1.66gwh, a pure electric passenger vehicle of 12.33gwh, a mixed passenger vehicle of 0.63gwh, and a single electric car of 10,000. The country’s new energy vehicle market will continue to grow at about 35% over the next three years.
According to China’s Market Research Network statistics, in 2016, among the top 10 companies that sold power batteries globally, Guo Guoco ranked sixth in terms of 2.4gw exports. According to ggii statistics, in 2016, the share of the top 10 manufacturers of power batteries in the country was 83.9%.
The company has been farming for many years in the power cell industry, with both technological and cost advantages, and is expected to make a sustained return in the future, and to emerge as a giant in a fierce market competition.2 Expansion and cost optimization, preparing for the “new” battlefield:
The rapid growth of the power cell industry has been accompanied by an unusually high level of competition in the industry, which, on the one hand, has increased energy intensity and reduced subsidies to promote enterprise-enhanced technology and compressed costs from a policy point of view, and, on the other hand, as a result of the high access thresholds set by the country, large battery manufacturers have proposed expansion schemes, which may result in greater supply than demand in the industry.
The market pattern, the excess capacity already in place, and the pattern of “high-end capacity deficit, low-end capacity excess” will remain for a long time, so competition in the power cell industry will intensify in 2018, after which companies with technological, cost and customer advantages will be able to compete in the battleground of the new energy automobile battery industry.
The year 2018 will be the year of the launch of the company's new product (high nickel triplevda and high energy density of 32131 lithium phosphate batteries), the opening up of new customers (Futtungtai, Mandarin, Internet car-making enterprises), and the improvement of the industrial chain (triple materials, etc.).
A strategic year in which the diaphragm becomes operational, the shift in the focus of operations (from passenger to passenger vehicles).
Leaders in the energy storage and application industry of the ball. 18 years of increased self-production of raw materials, targeting of lithium, cobalt and gold resources and prices will increase the cost-control of the company ' s products. 2.1. Adjustments to the new subsidy policy may be beneficial to the company ' s development.
The new domestic energy subsidy policy was issued in 2010, but it originated from the 2009 Regulation on Access to New Energy Motors and Products. The Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Information and Technology, and the Development and Reform Commission have issued successive papers, which have promoted the pilot promotion of energy efficiency and new energy vehicles, the private purchase of new energy vehicles, and the pilot of a new energy vehicle subsidy.
In the nine years from 2009 to 2017, the central and local fiscal authorities have subsidized about $160 billion for new energy vehicles. Thus, in the early stages of the development of new energy vehicles in the country, subsidies were used to stimulate market progress and attract capital and people.
We're in the middle of industrial development, and the market is stable, and the country will gradually reduce subsidies and add more competition to the market, and the future of new energy cars will not depend on subsidies, and it is clear that the fall in subsidies is inevitable and a requirement for industry to improve performance and reduce costs. Let's focus.
In 2016-2017, the policy changes in subsidies, in terms of the number of journeys by vehicle, generally increased by 20 per cent, but in 2017, it was mentioned that “the mass energy of pure electric and motor vehicle-powered battery systems is not less than 90wh/kg, and subsidies are granted at 1.1 times higher than 120wh/kg” to see high energy density.
Figure 12: The standard of subsidies for the new energy pure electric passenger bus subsidy scheme 2016 for hybrid passenger vehicles (with an increment) is divided according to the above table. Of these, 6 metres and less are subsidized by 0.2 times the standard car; 6 meters and below, 8 metres.
1. The unit load mass energy consumption (ekg) is not higher than 0.24wh/km.kg. 2. Pure electric passenger vehicles (excluding fast charge and plug-in hybrid passenger vehicles) continue within 200 km (equivalency method).
3. The total mass of the battery system is not more than 20% of the complete vehicle preparation mass (m/m). 4. The energy density of the non-fast charged pure electric passenger vehicle battery system is higher than 85wh/kg, the fast charged pure electric passenger vehicle is higher than 3c and the plug-in hybrid (including incremental) passenger vehicle is higher than 40%.
New policies in 2018 have yet to land, but based on the nature of subsidy slopes and price increases, we predict that, on the one hand, the range of the continuation mileage subsidy is more detailed, encouraging longer voyages; on the other hand, the battery energy density requirement is higher; and on the other hand, the energy consumption factor is being introduced. On the other hand, the adjustment is constantly highlighting the “subsidization” of the adjustment.
Thus, as a technology-type company, IKK is focusing on the development and manufacture of lithium batteries. The company's new generation of three-dollar 622 square aluminium shell batteries is industrialized, and three-dollar 811 batteries and soft-pack battery products are being developed.
We understand that both the company’s phosphate lithium and the tri-dollar battery are more competitive in the market. The phosphate lithium side, according to the company’s investor relations log sheet dated 7 February 2018, states that “At the speed with which the 3-dollar battery technology is being advanced and expanded, the common administration will be larger for future phosphate lithium batteries.”
Market applications of scale remain confident. As materials technology progresses and processing processes develop, companies use the autonomous development of lithium phosphate orthopaedic materials to produce a volume of 321311 high energy density of lithium phosphate cylindrical phosphate for the current year, amounting to 170wh/kg, with a near-deep reduction in cost. The energy density of laboratory development products has now been reached.
190wh/kg, leading the performance indicator industry, the company will push the product to scale as soon as possible. This year, the ao- and aoo-class electric vehicles using the cylindrical core will be used in a vehicle pattern of 250 km or more, and the same model will be re-shipped in 2019 with an upgrade of the cylindrical core and will continue to fly over 300 km, as a result of the lithium phosphate battery.
The cycle life of cars is about twice as high as that of triple batteries, or about half the cost per kilometer of triple batteries. The company is convinced that high-performance lithium phosphate batteries will show a strong vitality in the storage cell and logistics vehicle markets in the coming years.”
With regard to three-dollar batteries, the company's current additional capacity will be the high-energy vda three-dollar series product, which will be the industrialization of the phase of the national new energy vehicle focus, led by the high-energy-powered lithium ion batteries and integrated applications.
The vda standard, which is internationally used, increases the energy density of a single hard-shell core to over 210wh/kq and becomes the leading domestic production core, subject to full vehicle power performance and stringent use environmental requirements. As can be seen, companies have a technical advantage in both lithium phosphate and trinity products, and will continue to do so in the future with countries and markets.
Higher demands on energy density, and strong competition in the market for company products that meet demand. 18 years of deep shuffling in the power cell industry, with tight financial chains due to the long cycle of state subsidy collection; rapid downswing in power cell prices, declining industry average Māori; and lack of high-quality financing capacity.
The power cell companies will be cleared. Since the firm is positioned as a high-end market with an advantage in terms of energy intensity and cost, subsidy policy adjustments will be beneficial to the company. 2.2, expansion is robust, and high-end capacity will be released in the second half of the year.
By 2018, there were three dollars for 5gw, and 2gw for phosphate lithium, of which 1gw was a large core of 120ah in Tangshan, and 1gw for Qingdao II, the cylinder of phosphate lithium. Tangshan will be operational in the first quarter, and the rest at the end of the second quarter.
Management, the company places all of the 5gw triple battery lines in the compost area. Because of the company’s large scale of production over the last two years, the production line takes longer to climb, and therefore, according to the company’s announcement, the forward target is to reach 30gw in 2020, when the company’s total output will be able to reach 30gw.
The country is ranked third after the 50gw and 35gw in Biade. The share of the power cell market is expected to increase further in 2020, and the company market is expected to increase significantly. 2.3. The layout of the upstream core material chain is almost complete, and future cost advantages are more pronounced.
Positive materials, negative materials, diaphragms, and electrolytes are part of the four major raw materials of lithium batteries and also account for more than 50% of the cost. Therefore, changes in raw materials prices have a significant impact on battery costs, and companies have started to deploy the core raw materials industry upstream at an early stage.
The company has now achieved self-production of positive materials, diaphragms, and electrolytes, and will continue to expand its operations in the future in the form of negative materials and pre-thirties, with a further increase in the competitiveness of the company’s cost of its products. It can be seen that the Māori ratio of corporate products is at the forefront of the industry, and in the future, as the company’s core raw materials are laid out, the company will produce.
Māori is more competitive in the market. Positive material: the company has now achieved full self-sufficiency of lithium phosphate material, with ncm622 of positive material produced; the company locks it through direct purchase of the Australian lithium quartz mine and then processing it in the country.
Low-cost lithium carbonate supply, locking in some of the cobalt mine supply and tri-dollar high nickelization technology through joint ventures with the Central Metallurgical Section, addressing power cell recovery and rare metal reuse through joint ventures with Gansu-Kinkawa, high nickel + recycling using two-way reduction of unit metal costs and ensuring corporate positive material cost advantages.
According to the company ' s network of officials, the production capacity of the iron phosphate materials plant, which is planned at 50,000 tons per year, is now in place, with 10,000 tons per year of production, which will guarantee the self-sufficiency of the company ' s phosphate lithium batteries after delivery, and will be expanded as appropriate in the light of the expansion of power cell capacity; 3,000 tons per year of phosphorous material production line
In 2017, it became operational and will continue to expand 30,000 tons of capacity in the future. The fully-owned subsidiaries, in addition to the China Metallurgical Group, Biadi, and the Cao Cao Cao Development Group, jointly financed a project to build new materials in Tangshan, which, as announced at the end of August 2017, holds 30% of the shares.
Set: 1 stage of design production to supply 48,000 tons and 622 tons of materials prior to the production of ncm 523; 440,000 tons of materials prior to the production of the ncm 523; production line flexible and ready to be adapted by the end of 2018, with the largest ongoing three-dollar pre-disposal project in the country; 2 phase 2 will add a production line equal to the processing capacity, changing according to market demand
Negative material: According to the announcement, the company industrializationd 5,000 tons of silicon-based negative-polar material into the equity fund-raising project. According to the project feasibility report, the company had access to key technologies such as the surface modification of silicon-based negative-polar material and the pre-lithiumization of materials, which could effectively cushion the structural stability effects of silicon material build-up, increasing the first bank of silicon-polar material.
Low efficiency and circular performance provide adequate technical security for the implementation of the project. Imbrane and electrolyte: the company reduces the cost of diaphragms through a joint venture of star material, self-constructed coating plants, but in May-June of this year, there is a process of improving the quality of the product.
The current gap in lithium cell technology is narrowing, production thresholds are falling, domestic and foreign firms are increasing their capacity-building under the hot environmental impacts of the city, production capacity is being released centrally this year, and competition in the lithium battery industry is increasing. In response to market risks, companies are focusing on “products” to accelerate the process of industrialization of research and development.
Optimizing production processes, reducing production costs and increasing the core competitiveness of the company ' s products.3 Deep binding of the North Gas, Jiang Xiao, new customers or starting to release: In recent days, the company has issued a public announcement that forward shares are intended to be replaced by assets to all shareholders of the North Gas New Energy.
Development of a stock-sharing scheme to purchase 100% of the total North Gas new energy stock, and co-fertilization of companies’ subsidiaries to transfer 120 million shares of the North Gas new energy stock to the forward stock.
In 2016, more than 70,000 vehicles were sold, and 10.32 million new energy vehicles were sold in 2017, an increase of 98 per cent.
In 2017, the company disclosed a total of $4.7 billion in orders, including $1,875 million for new energy packages in North (including more than 40,000 ec 180 than thousands of logistics vehicles). North gas ec180 is the star of this year's new energy car market, with nearly 50,000 sales in the previous October, ranked first.
As a partner in the new energy strategy of the North, a strong alliance will be beneficial to both sides. The way in which future cars and power cell companies work together in depth will become future new energy vehicles and power cell companies.
The depth and routine model will play a very important role in improving productivity and reducing the cost of the whole vehicle. The company’s seven packages are selected for the first 18-year recommended catalogues, and the company has now identified over 40,000 orders and will take the lead in the certainty of the beneficiary’s orders in the wake of the boom.
On 7 February, the company issued a circular stating that the company's actual controller, Mr. Li Jing, Chairman of the Board, intended to increase public ownership within three months and not transfer the company shares held by the company within six months of completion of the increase.
On the same day, the company released the first issue of the Staff Holding Plan (draft) to raise up to 200 million yuan for no more than 100 employees, including the company’s core managers, core cadres, key positions, etc., and to complete stock purchases in the secondary market within six months of the shareholders’ adoption of the current Staff Holdings Plan, with a duration of 24 months.
Incentives are put in place to reconcile the interests of companies and employees and to fully motivate employees, while at the same time demonstrating the firm's confidence in future development.5 First coverage, “recommended” rating: