In the first half of the year, the banks in Shanghai benefited from the downside of the market interest rate, which led to excellent net interest-earning performance and a slight increase in the rate of increase in revenue. In the first half of the year, the company had its own loans.
Companies have a regional economic advantage and maintain a higher rating. The spread of interest spreads has widened, focusing on individual loan asset quality performance.
Interest income performance was excellent, and the rate of growth in revenue increased at a lower rate.
The deficit in interest spreads and the cost rate of interest-paying liabilities has improved significantly, benefiting from the cost of inter-operability liabilities, the firm's two-quarter interest-rate deficit has widened and, based on our end-of-period caliber calculations, the two-quarter interest-rate gap ring has increased by 6 bp over the first quarter, benefiting mainly from the end-of-debt cost.
Downwards (19bp). Two quarters of corporate asset end-of-life returns (at the end of the period) continue to rise in the underachievement rate, focusing on the quality performance of individual loan assets.
1.9%, 1.95%, but the overall negative rate is at a lower level than the average. At the end of our initial period, the negative production rate of the company ' s write-off plus was 1.15% in the second quarter, compared to 53bp in the next quarter. Specifically, the increase in the negative rate in the second quarter was mainly influenced by individual loans, with no personal loans at the end of the second quarter.
The rate is 3bp to 1.23% higher than at the end of 2019. Given the uncertainty of the epidemic, attention is still to be paid to the qualification of Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. for portfolio investment consultancy.
The downside of the economy led to a deterioration in the quality of assets beyond expectations. Matters: Shanghai Bank published its semi-annual report for 2020, with net profits + 3.90% in the first half of 2020. Total assets of $2.39 trillion (+10.3%, with excellent interest income and a higher rate of growth
The Shanghai Bank ' s net interest income performance in the first half of the year continued to be excellent, with rapid increases in size and wide interest differentials contributing to a 19.3 per cent increase in net interest income (vs20.5 per cent, 2020q1). In the case of higher net interest income, non-interest income has slowed the performance of companies. Of the non-interest income, the net fee income in the first half increased by 8.36 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly in the areas of surrogate finance, surrogate funds, bond underwriting, etc.
However, the scale and rate of return on the investments of the traded financial assets decreased by the same year, adding to the volatility of market interest rates in May, resulting in a 37 per cent decline in his non-interest income (including investment returns and asset valuation gains and losses) in the same year. As a result of the epidemic, the cost spending of the company slowed down, with 17.22 per cent cost revenue in the first half of the year falling by 1.12 percentage points in the same year, resulting in higher profits in the first half of the year before the company made a provision.
The deficit in interest differentials and the improvement in the cost rate of interest-paying liabilities are significant. According to our end-of-cycle measurements at the beginning of the period, the two-quarter interest-rate gap ring was raised by 6 bp over the first quarter, benefiting mainly from the downside of the end-of-debt cost (19bp), and we consider the increase in the ratio of deposits and the decrease in the cost of the peer liability as major contributing factors.
The share increased by 0.5 percentage points to 59 per cent over the first quarter, in addition to higher corporate corporate liabilities and holdings (36.5 per cent at the end of the six-month period, including settlement deposits) and benefits from lower market interest rates during maturity replacements. The downward trend in corporate asset end-of-cycle rates (at the end of the period) continued in the two-quarter period, with 11 bp below the end of the first quarter.
The share of mortgages was between 4 percentage points and 50% lower than at the end of 2019; lower-risk mortgages increased, with mortgage lending rising to 32% in the end of the second quarter. Looking ahead, we believe that with monetary policy tightening, market interest rates are unlikely to decline significantly, with banks in Shanghai rising by 1 bp, 8 bp to 1.19% in the end of the second quarter, and 1.95% in the end of the second quarter, respectively, but the overall rate of underperformance is higher by 1 bp, 8 bp to 1.9% and 1.95% respectively.
At lower levels of employment. According to adverse findings, the increase in loans/deficit over 90 days late at the end of the six-month period is about 14 percentage points higher than at the end of 2019. Specifically, the increase in the two-quarter rate is mainly influenced by personal loans, which rise from 3bp to 1.23% at the end of the two-quarters, with consumer loans, credit cards up from 74bp, 21bp to 1.84%, and 1.89%, respectively, and is expected to be affected mainly by the epidemic.
As the economic situation improves and the recovery of the collection is restored, we believe that the asset quality pressure on one loan is expected to ease, but given the uncertainty of the epidemic, attention needs to be paid to changes in the quality of the company’s assets. The firm’s two-quarter raise in the reserve has benefited from lower interest rates on market funds in the first half of the year, and the balance of interest spreads in Shanghai’s banks have widened, resulting in excellent net revenue performance and revenue collection.
Given the impact of the epidemic on retail operations in the first half of the year, and the regulatory impact on banks in Shanghai in an environment of economic uncertainty, there is a regional economic advantage, with the construction of long triangles, rings, beads and central-western focus cities.
The banks are more relevant to economic development as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development. Economic development influences the performance of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector.
Down the line, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.