In the third quarter, 2,565 million yuan, an increase of 54.65 per cent, and net profit for mothers of 348 million yuan, a ratio.
Three-quarter reports meet expectations. The company achieved a revenue of $2,565 million in the third quarter, an increase of 54.65 per cent over the same period, an increase in contractual liabilities and an ongoing investment in research and development. Three-quarter corporate contract liabilities amounted to $5,503 million, with a lower than medium Māori ratio than the Māori ratio of spare parts (35 per cent and 73 per cent, respectively) and a difference.
The Māori rate for the type of equipment varies. R&D inputs have been growing, with R&D spending of $241 million in three quarters, while development spending of $3.313 billion, an increase of $700 million, compared to the reported increase.
In addition, by the end of this year, the national production line is expected to trigger bulk purchases of equipment, the domestic production rate of the household crystalline line is increasing, and the domestic equipment industry will be able to reach hundreds of billions of market space. The company will also be able to complete a targeted increase of up to $8.5 billion for semiconductor equipment and dollars.
It is expected to achieve 500 integrated circuits and 1,500 general semiconductors for the post-partum period of $1 billion, further consolidating the company’s platform-level equipment supply capabilities and enhancing the core competitive advantage. 20/14/11 times.
Risk factors: industry cyclical fluctuations; downstream client expansion below expectations; international trade frictions.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Fang Jing, a leading student at Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and has foreign experience abroad, such as in Texas instruments, and is familiar with semiconductors and consumer electronics chains. He is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor incubation platform of 10 coffees, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early.
Li Shunqing, Master of Arts from Wuhan University, joined Southwest Securities in 2018, Sinda Securities in 2020, and Semiconductor Industrial Chains. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, and Sinda Securities in 2020.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.