The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Enterprise Services (CITE) continues to outperform expectations and is authorized to accelerate expansion.
The North China Initiation Review, 2021.8.31 demand-driven, semiconductor equipment and electronic components operations continued to grow.
Expansion - The North’s Inventories Review, 2021.4.29 The company is full of orders, semiconductor equipment continues to be high, and deep beneficiary countries produce.
An increase of 56 per cent, full of hand orders, and a continuing high level of integrated circuits and photovoltaic equipment in semiconductor equipment. 5. " Performance in 2020 was over-expected, semiconductor equipment landscaped, semiconductor equipment high and, according to Semi, global semiconductor equipment was projected to grow in 2021.
The gas continues to rise – North China’s Inventories, 2021.1.25 semiconductor equipment output is rising at a monthly rate of 45 per cent in January-August.
The company benefited most from this semiconductor-state-substitution wave. On August 25, the company was granted additional approvals. In recent years, the company has accelerated the development of advanced process equipment to expand etching technology horizontally to meet customer demand.
With the help of the additional project, the company’s multi-product line layout and technology continue to be leading in many areas, and the future market for domestic production is vast. The company has set up an additional $8.5 billion to expand the annual production of integrated circuits by $3.8 billion, 500 units, 500 new semiconductor equipment, 300 units of led equipment and 700 units of photovoltaic equipment.
Production base; $3.1 billion in equipment development and $800 million in electronic components projects. New projects amount to $7.9 billion in post-partum production. 91% in the first half of the year, 75% in electronics and a total increase in Māori.
6.8 pct. Categorization shows that the electronics equipment of the company generated $2.83 billion, an increase of 63.8 per cent over the same period (of which the semiconductor equipment increased by 91 per cent on a year-on-year basis by 2.5 billion yuan, vacuum and lithium power equipment dropped by 22 per cent on a year-on-year basis, semiconductor equipment comprised of integrated circuits and other general semiconductor equipment), electronic metrometers
The company’s profitability rose significantly, with a combined Māori rate of 2021h1 at 43.15%, an increase of 6.8 pct over the same period, with technological breakthroughs below expectations, downstream expansion and capacity climbs, and increased trade risks in Central America.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment