The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Enterprise Services (CITE) has continued to grow at a high rate, with orders full at hand.
• On 29 October, the company issued its three-quarter report for 2021, which generated revenues of $6,173 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 61 per cent in the same year; net profit for mothers of $658 million, an increase of 102 per cent in the same year; and net profit for non-retroactivity, 2.
2021.7.1 The company is full of orders, semiconductor equipment continues to be high, and deep beneficiary countries produce.
For $5.5 billion, the industry’s high profile is replaced by national production, and the company has plenty of orders in hand.
We expect to be more stable throughout the year as the revenue from equipment sales is gradually recognized. The company’s R & D costs for the last three quarters of the year.
Eight hundred and seventy million yuan, an increase of 191 per cent in the same year, and a significant increase in R & D inputs, we believe that among the semiconductor segments of the semiconductor, the landscape of the equipment industry is the most certain, and that the company semiconductor equipment product line is the most complete and is expected to benefit most from national substitution.
In the context of trade, domestic crystal-crystal plants place an unprecedented degree of emphasis on supply-chain security, and domestic production semiconductor equipment penetration accelerates. As the product line's most comprehensive national semiconductor equipment, at the forefront, companies are expected to benefit significantly from rapid market growth as domestic equipment certification progresses steadily.
In recent years, companies have accelerated the development of advanced process equipment, which will carve technology horizontally to meet client needs, with 28 nm technology available and 14-5 nm process products under development. We believe that, with the help of the project, the company ' s multi-product line layout is being maintained in many areas.
Technology continues to lead, and the future national production market is vast. The company has raised $8.5 billion in additional funds to expand the annual production of integrated circuits 500 units, new semiconductor equipment 500 units, led equipment 300 units, photovoltaic equipment 700 bases; $3.1 billion in equipment development and $800 million in electricity.
The new project has reached $7.9 billion in post-partum output. Technological breakthroughs are below expectations, downstream expansion and productivity climbs are below expectations, and Chinese-American trade risks are increasing.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment