In China, exemption (601888), exemption from duty on the island is expected to be sustained and rent relief performance significantly improved
China is now the leader of duty-free retailing in China, with its activities dominated by the sale of duty-free goods, mainly tobacco, alcohol, perfume, and the continued high level of tax-free q4-quarters.
In 2020, the South Free Shop sold $32.7 billion (including taxes), an increase of 127%.
Markets, full access to policy dividends. In the winter season, China has entered the tourist season with a high increase in duty-free off-island sales of 10.4 per cent and a sharp increase in sales in the first quarter, leading to a significant improvement in profits from a negative q3 annual rate of increase in annual revenues, resulting in a significant increase in rent relief at airports, and there is still room for improvement in the future.
The flow of total equity/flowa (million shares) has declined significantly, but the company has charged all sales costs on the basis of base rent in the previous three quarters.
The airport announcement states that a supplementary agreement has been signed with the company to reduce the rent to 1,156 million yuan, which is about $3 billion less than the planned deposit of $4,158 million, and that the company’s net profit has improved considerably. The company has not yet reached a lease reduction agreement with other airports in the country, but there is still a return of rent, and there is still room for improvement in net profits.
But if the 2021 global epidemic has not improved, the impact of the airport route on overall performance under the agreement on rent relief will be manageable. With tax exemptions on off-islands in the context of internal and external cycles and consumer returns, it is expected to continue to be released, and the epidemic will improve the city’s internal shop policy.
It is hoped that companies will benefit significantly as industry leaders, and that competition in the industry will increase but the strong will be strong. Hainan Province indicated that in 2021 it tried to break out of 60 billion yuan in duty-free sales, 10% of China in 2022, 100 billion yuan in tax-free payments, and that it will attract 300 billion yuan in tax-free returns throughout the "145" period.
The launch of the mail service, the construction of the island-wide tax-free distribution network and the release of new participants to the market to create dynamism are expected to continue with tax exemptions, and the improvement in the epidemic is expected to boost the market’s business policy, and companies will benefit fully from it as industry leaders.
As of now, the number of duty-free markets has increased to five, and industry competition has increased, placing higher demands on the supply chain and operational capabilities of operators. Companies have long-term deep-deep duty-free markets, with their leading edges in brand partnerships, supplier resources, business management, and marketing.
Profit forecast: In view of the further liberalization of the off-island tax-free space, combined with the sea airport rent reduction agreement, research assistant Wei Woo-beng, the source of financial prosperity in the East
China Free China (601888). Tax exemption from the island is expected to continue, and rent relief performance has improved considerably.
East Hing Securities Corporation, China Free (601888). Tax exemption from the island is expected to continue and rent relief performance has improved considerably.
Studies in the areas of catering tourism, tax exemption and education, experience in consumption and strategy studies in the Hong Kong Unit, currently in the social services sector, with emphasis on education training, human resources services, catering hotels, travel guides
Wei Woo-meng, cosmetics, etc. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.