Trailingbuy inter-district operation... ..upped by tax-free highs and rents off the island, 32% by 2020.
Performance summary: The company released a fast-track report on its business income of $52.62 billion in 2020, an increase of 8.24 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $6.1 billion, a 32 per cent increase in the same year. On this basis, it calculated that a total of $17.480 billion was collected in 40, with a duty-free distance from the island to maintain high heat levels.
Since the island’s duty-free New Deal, the market has continued to explode, and according to the Hainan News Office, the average amount sold on duty-free days off the island in the second half of the year has been 120 million, more than double that of the year, with real sales exceeding 32 billion throughout the year. The number of duty-free operators away from Hainan has increased, but companies still have a comprehensive advantage.
According to the Customs Department of China, six tax-free shops were sold at $540 million during the 2021 New Year's Day, an increase of 195 per cent. The average daily sales amounted to 180 million, and three tax-free shops were opened at the end of January.
The main subjects are sea control, deep-seated, and neutral. As a result, competition in the off-island duty-free market has increased, but the company's combined advantages in terms of size, type of goods and procurement are evident. The Hainan government plans to attract tax-free shopping back to 300 billion yuan during the "10-45" period, and the off-island duty-free market is expected to gain one.
As it expands, “cakes are bigger,” and limited competition is more dynamic. Institutional investors account for a share of the share in circulation, and the day-to-day agreement to supplement the rent of the tax-free shop was signed in 2020 at Pudong Airport.
About 70 per cent reduction in rent payable on a year-on-year basis (the rent for duty-free shops in 2019 was $5.21 billion and the bottom line in 2020 resulted in a significant reduction in the cost of sales, which is expected to increase net profits by 750 million.
80 per cent of the actual passenger flow in the month of 2019, the monthly fees charged = per capita contribution = the monthly actual international passenger flow (including regional passenger flow) x the passenger flow reconciliation factor x the area adjustment factor: 2) the monthly actual international passenger flow > 80 per cent of the actual passenger flow in the month of 2019, which is charged on the basis of monthly guaranteed sales.
In our view, the supplementary agreement is more reasonable when dealing with the effects of the extreme black swan events. As the current epidemic is re-heating, there is currently no clear question as to whether other airport rents will be subject to a supplementary agreement, but there is no risk of negotiation.
In the short term, the rent pressure on the airport’s tax-free shop will be significantly reduced. In summary, we believe that the company’s operations in 2021 will remain largely tax-free from the island in a limited competitive environment.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information in the report was not independently verified for audit.