The company announced on March 18 that it would invest in RMB 36.9.
Billion dollars for the construction of the Sanya International Free City Phase 2 Project. Project Profile: The Land was won by the company in 2011 on a registered basis, the Sea Bay Area is now operating on a tax-free basis.
The development of the project was divided into two components: (1) tax-free commerce (21 months of the construction cycle); and (2) hotels, dominated by landmarks, internationally high-end branded hotels (48 months of the construction cycle).
The project is close to the Sanya International Free City, and it is expected to resolve the energy bottlenecks following the expansion.
In the future, the project will combine tax-free commerce with high-end liquor stores, with complementary effects with the original project and the Hakoshima project: (i) addressing the production bottlenecks of the current Sanya International Free City project. On the one hand, following the Hainan New Deal, the number of travellers shopping has increased significantly, leading to a boom.
After the completion of the completion of the project, the shopping experience of the tax-free city has declined and the current shopping and settlement queues will be significantly reduced. Moreover, the limited location of the high-quality store in the tax-free city has led to a certain delay in the placement of the luxury brands, while the completion of the land 2 project has eased the current production bottlenecks and has been accompanied by a combination of excellence.
The High-Quality Hotel project, which attracts more international luxury branding: (2) Complementarity of industry: The current Sanya International Free City package is mainly for catering and other taxed commercial retailing, lacks a home-grown high-end hotel, and passengers are now more likely to be stationed in nearby high-star hotels. Following the arrival of the High-end Hotel project, it is hoped that commercial retailing projects will be linked.
The company’s leading position in the off-island duty-free market will be consolidated when the project lands. The off-island duty-free zone is now in a moderate level of competition, and the supply-side element is particularly important for the operator’s competitive advantage.
40 times. We reiterate that the company will continue to be the largest beneficiary of the industry on the basis of its leading size and supply chain advantages, high-quality real-estate supply, and the long-term dividend of China ' s medium-sized zero (601888) performance in 2020, while recommending that attention be paid to the growth potential of the company ' s on-line operations and that the “recommended” rating be maintained.
Review: Policy + rent relief drives higher profits, and long borders are expected to open further: the new crown epidemic worsens: airport international passenger flow recovery has a greater impact on sales costs: tax-free policies and sales progress are below expectations.
2. China ' s q3 performance rating: policy dividend release, q3 performance bright summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels and is based on the author’s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free of any third party’s approval or influence.