On March 18, the company convened a board of directors to consider and approve the bill on the investment in the construction of the Sanya International Free City Phase 2 Land Project. The project covers 108,000 square metres of land and has a total area of approximately 108,000 square metres.
17.25 million square metres, with a total investment of $3.69 billion. The company is committed to building the project into a retail tourism complex that combines a tax-free business (21 months of the construction cycle) with a high-end hotel (48 months of the construction cycle) to create a one-stop high-end tourist consumption destination in Sanya Bay.
Not only can it attract more high-end luxury brands, but it can also address the pressure of passenger flows and boost the high-end luxury of free location of shopping block 2, which is expected to attract more top-level brands.
The quality of the face, the expected high standards of the built-up shopping environment, the improved matching of top international luxury brands that value brands, are expected to attract more top luxury brands to the company and enhance the customer's shopping experience.
High-end accommodation improves the layout of the Sanya International Free City. The Sanya International Free City's current commercial set is dominated by catering, leisure, and tax retailing, and has no accommodation for high-end hotels in its own property.
The location of landmarks, internationally high-end branded hotels, the construction of which will make up for the lack of accommodation in the duty-free city, offers new accommodation options for consumers and tourists, and is expected to increase the rate of transformation of purchases. Project landings are expected to ease passenger flow pressure, linking to the Sanya tax-free city and the Hakoshima project.2
With the completion of the project, it is expected that the three-month average volume of transactions (millions of yuan) will be effectively compensated for the shortfall in the operation of the Sanya International Free City, that will ease passenger flow pressure and that it will be able to work with the Sanya International Free City and the Sanya Bay Rivermin Island project
The net liability ratio (%) (2021e) is linked and complementary in order to improve the competitiveness of companies in the face of increased duty-free competition from the island, the ongoing release of the off-island tax-free New Deal dividend, and the clarity of the Hainan province ' s plans for tax-free scale and time nodes.
With the market price on March 18, 2021, the off-island duty-free track remains high. Although there are new players who compete, the company's branding should be clear, the bargaining power, the ability to operate, the attraction of a luxury brand, the company's dragons.
“China Free: Six new duty-free shops before Spring Festival, leaving the island with a worsening pattern of competition, less policy implementation, less project construction and less land than expected.”
China Free China: The status of tax-exempt leader is strong and the epidemic is counterproductive.
Leisure services: tourism integration