Policy + rent relief drives higher profits, and growth boundaries are expected to open further, with China ' s mid-2020 performance report fast-tracking assessment/consumer services
On 29 January, the company released a fast-track performance report, which achieved revenue of $52.6 billion/+8 per cent in 2020, realized operating profits of $9.7 billion/+32 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $6.1 billion/+32 per cent for the mother and $5.9 billion/+55 per cent for the non-net gain.
By split, the company q4 achieved operating income of 17.5 billion yuan/+41% and operating profit of 5.5 billion yuan/+690%. Of this, q4 Hainan entered the tourist season, and the improved supply chain of the company's off-island duty-free shop continued to progress, with the company Hainan duty-free shop q4 expected to contribute more than $13 billion (including replenishments) and 30% more than q3 per cent more than the same time; and other channels.
But the company’s performance flash report ultimately represents a profit of only $5.5 billion before the q4 tax, and we expect that the company’s traditional practice is to write down inventory assets on q4 and the current situation.
The Unit is related to a higher increase in the deferred credits compared to the 300-degree trend. We believe that the past company ' s impairment of assets and costing in q4 has been the norm and that the predictability of the significant reduction in rental costs paid is clearer and therefore the non-operational charges are higher this year than in the past.
A change in the airport’s tax-exempt lease agreement could result in a significant decrease in future airport rental costs. The company’s controlling subsidiary, Shanghai Japan, has signed a supplementary agreement with Shanghai airport for tax-free lease contracts to deal with the epidemic.
According to the supplementary agreement, a subsidiary in Shanghai, Japan, paid $1.1 billion in rent to Shanghai Airport in 2020, a significant decrease from the nearly $4 billion agreed in the 2018 lease agreement. At the same time, subsequent rent payments at Shanghai and Shanghai Airport will be based mainly on the recovery of international passenger flows from Shanghai Airport.
In our view, the company will continue to benefit from the continued release of the tax-free industrial policy dividend, depending on the size of the company and on the strength of the supply chain and the quality of the property supply, and will continue to be the biggest beneficiary of the industry’s growth dividend, while recommending that attention be paid to the company’s online operations.
Growth potential, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
2. China Central Free (601888): q2 returns to profits, concerned about the worsening of the new crown epidemic: the recovery of international passenger flows at airports has had a greater impact on sales costs: tax-free policies and sales progress have been lower than expected.
A summary of company financial statement data projections indicates that airlines are engaged in equity investment work, and the data used by authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting practice granted by the Chinese Securities Association (CSI) are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,