The tax-exempt operations off the island, the Shanghai Airport Rent Relief Agreement, landed on 29 January 2021.
Net profits from leaching, withholding and non-repatriation increased by 31.78 per cent, 30.56 per cent, 32.07 per cent and 55.05 per cent respectively from the same period in the previous year. This was mainly due to the introduction of the New Deal for Exclamation, which began on 1 July 2020.
Shanghai airport rent adjustments are expected to reduce rent costs by 70% over the same period. As a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, international flights in and out of the country have been significantly reduced, with some impact on the airport’s duty-free operations.
Market data: 29 January 2021, announcement issued by the company that the number of international flights at Shanghai Airport had dropped dramatically, resulting in a similar decline in the number of users of Shanghai Airport duty-free shops, which, as confirmed with Shanghai Airport, had a higher rate of rent payable in 2020.
The cost of the Shanghai airport is based on the circulation of a share/total share capital (billions):
In 2019, real international passenger flows were collected on average, with 90% below average monthly international passenger flows raised on the basis of actual monthly sales, measured by per capita contributions and actual monthly international passenger flows; more than 90% increased on the basis of the original monthly guaranteed sales.
The rental replenishment agreement for Beijing and Guangzhou airport has yet to land and there will be future rent relief expectations. Expanding the size of duty-free commodity operations, maintaining stock supply, corporate total assets and net return profits
At the end of the reporting period, the total assets of the company increased by 31.89 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, mainly in terms of the expansion of duty-free areas for sale of goods off the island, meeting the growing consumer demand since the introduction of the New Deal and the supply of duty-free goods in Hainan, as well as the company's increased use of duty-free commodity purchases, with the same stock as in the previous year.
At the same time, the company’s international tax-free city project at Haiguchi has been steadily advancing, with construction in progress Investment proposals: the company’s two-quarter performance has been reversed, three-quarter performance has started to grow at a high rate, and revenue from off-island tax-exempt operations are expected to grow at a positive rate during the year.
The traditional Hainan tour season is still open at an uncertain time, and Hainan is still the winter recreation destination of China’s top-notch (601888.sh) 2020 service. Given the introduction of a new tax-free off-island business, high Maori luxury.
Three-quarterly reviews of tax-exempt operations from the island, leading to performance, and an increase in the contribution of the sale of goods to overall profits.
The “increase” rating is maintained in the case of 94.1 per cent, plus 5.5 per cent, respectively, and the demand for consumption by residents of the 7-story Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. is lower than expected; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and the policy pushers are less than expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.