China's 60188 free leisure service continues to grow in profitability, with the advantage of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre (SWIRDC) growing in size.
Events: The company issued a fast-track report on its performance in 2020. In 2020, the company achieved a revenue of $52.62 billion, a growth of 8.2% (after retroactive adjustment) and a net profit of $6.12 billion to the mother, an increase of 32.1%, of which q4 single-quarter income of $17.480 billion (+40.3%) and a net profit of $2.95 billion (+608.3%) to the mother, q4 industry.
The decrease in rent at Shanghai airport contributes to the increase in net interest rates. As a result of the epidemic, there has been a significant drop in the flow of passengers abroad. According to the Shanghai airport announcement, it has been confirmed that 1.16 billion yuan was paid from Shanghai to Shanghai airport in 2020, which is 77.7 per cent lower than in 2019, not excluding the future, according to the supplementary agreement between the company and Shanghai airport.
The impact of the epidemic on the initial rental income has been significantly adjusted to a certain extent to ease the company’s ability to move up as income is restructured. As a result, the cost of the airport porter’s commission is higher than the duty-free rate, resulting in a net interest rate that is much lower than the tax-free rate.
Rapidly rising and rising tax-exempt ratios from the island, the company’s ability to make a profit is high enough to counteract the increased profitability of competition from the island. And, in the medium and long term, companies are very strong in terms of the size of purchases, bargaining power with brands, and the ability of large shopping malls to operate.
There is still room for a reduction in tax rates, as the three-wing approach deepens the tax-free layout, with the advantage of scale. 1) Exemption from the island: tax-exempts from the island when the quota is relaxed, single-price ceilings open, shop rates/conversion rates/guess prices are all significantly higher, and companies are expected to build on them in the future.
In addition to the off-island repurchase policy, the multi-purpose complex has been set up, and the largest potential tax-free city in Kajia and Haiguchi has been upgraded to become more competitive; 2) Airport tax exemption is granted to all airports in the north, and 58 of the 65 airports operating in the country are covered by duty-free shops.
(c) Intra-city tax exemption: 20 years of re-opening of five municipal duty-free businesses, which created an effective complement to the border exit tax-free shop, with a national focus.
Despite the fact that the company’s tax-free shop layout, which is currently available in the city, has not gained significant advantages, it has begun to expand at an accelerated pace, and tax-free operations in the city still have much room for imagination.
(c) Assumption 1: with the introduction of off-island repurchase operations, the share of off-shore operations has gradually increased, and is expected to reach 10 per cent by 2022;
Assumption 2: As airport business rebounds and the scale of off-island procurement expands, the aggregate effect is becoming apparent, and the company Māori has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for its specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.