I've made an investment to create a Sanya Retail Complex on March 18, 2021.
In order to improve the layout of duty-free operations in Hainan, to expand the size of the main business and to improve the accompaniment services, the company's fully-owned Sun Company, Hainan Investment Corporation, has recently issued an announcement that $3.69 billion will be invested in the construction of the Sanya International Free City Phase 2 project, which is aimed at building it into a tax-free company.
The Tourism Retail Complex project, which combines industry and high-end hotels, complements industry by integrating the Sanya International Free City and Tria Sea Bay Rivermin Island projects, building one-stop high-end tourism consumption destinations in the Sanya Sea Bay and enhancing the company ' s integrated competitiveness in the Hainan and global duty-free markets
In October 2011, the company fully-owned Sun competed for land use rights for the development of block a8-04 in the Triad Bay, which was built in two phases in accordance with the company ' s business development.
Market data: March 18, 2021, issue No. 1, is now Sanya International Free City, which opened in September 2014, where the company gets a good return on investment.
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): The project to build a retail tourism complex that combines tax-free commerce with high-end hotels, free of active involvement in the development of the Hainan tax-free brand, and to improve the facilities associated with the tax-free city.
In the north-east of Sanya city, in the first-line seascape area of the Bay, 28 km from Sanya city, Eastern base data: 30 September 2020 to the coast of the Bay, West to Sanya International Free City, South to Westin Hotel, North to Intercontinental Wine
The project will be effective in bridging the existing Sanya International Free City with a large number of high-end hotel brands on the north-east coast of the Bay of Sea. The tax-free complex lacks its own high-end hotel space, upgrades it to work with internationally renowned branders and further improves the company's tax-free core.
The total investment in this project is $3.69 billion, all from self-financing, at a cost of approximately $115 million over the period, of which development is mainly comprised of land costs, infrastructure construction costs, construction and installation costs and unforeseen costs.
Tax-free commercial + high-end hotels jointly build a tax-free recreational holiday brand for Sea Bay.
The tax city has been growing since its inception in 2014, and since the epidemic was effectively contained in the country and the year-to-year performance forecast: off-island tax-exempt operations have contributed to the start of the New Deal in Hainan since July last year.
In order to perform, the Shanghai airport rent reduction agreement landed at $300 billion in duty-free consumption returns, and the off-island free sales are expected to reach $100 billion by 2022 (2021-1-29).
China Sea State, 28 Sin Lixi Street, in Beijing City West Side, is an important part of Sanya International Free City Business Circle, as a complement to the Bay of Haicho Project, 7th Tier Mountain Securities Co. Ltd.
A total of 13 major buildings, including two basements and ground floors, are being built to create a business complex of shopping, catering, and entertainment. The project’s new tax-free business continues to compensate for the international tax-free city’s operating space, attracting more international first-class players, high-end hotels, and recreational activities.
In coordination with the music component, the completed “eat + live + row + swim + buy + play” tourism retail closed, extending the consumer’s experience of the tax-exempt complex in Sea Bay and effectively raising the price of a passenger unit.
\triangleright is expected to grow by the same year when tax-free off-island operations are driven. 4 quarters of the season is the traditional South China tourist season, the opening hours of the excursion are still uncertain, and Hainan is still the winter leisure.
The service is the preferred destination. Given the future introduction of a tax-free off-island new brand, the rise in the contribution of the sale of high Maori luxury goods to overall profits, we expect the company to \triangleright each in 2020-2022.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.