National gold foliage, South Air (600029.sh) Airfield
(b) Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
In the first half of 2017, Southern Airlines achieved 60.319 billion yuan, an increase of 11.54 per cent in the same year; in the first half of the year, the air market was on the rise, the company was on the rise: in the first half of the year, the air market as a whole was on the rise, and the company’s business data continued to improve.
12.49% longer, with a 12.52% increase in domestic routes and a 14.14% increase in international routes. 15 aircraft increased in the first half of the year, the size of the fleet reached 717 aircraft, and the rate of aircraft introduction increased by only 2.1%.
kilometre gains were the same as last year; the revenue per toll on international routes fell by 7.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis. On the freight side, corporate freight turnover grew by 17.22 per cent over the same period last year, indicating a good development.
Exchange rates have steadily reduced financial costs, and the rise in oil prices has slowed corporate performance: as of 30 June, the annual appreciation of the national currency against the United States dollar had increased by 2.3 per cent, resulting in a currency exchange gain of $561 million for the company, and a currency exchange loss of the same period the previous year 2.
The loss of $1,506 million resulted in a significant decrease in the company ' s financial costs by 69.61 per cent compared to the same period last year; this is in addition to the fact that the company ' s current fleet of oil was reduced by the devaluation of the renminbi and supply and demand began to warm back - South - due to the continued rise in international crude oil prices and the continued build-up of the fleet.
This represents a significant increase of 50.13% over the same period, which is a drag on the company’s performance. Based on the company’s exchange rate and the sensitivity of oil prices, the exchange rate of 1% of the United States dollar against the renminbi will affect the firm’s net profit of 265 million yuan.
A 10% change in prices and a $1.54 billion change in corporate costs. “The domestic supply and demand boom and the relative gain on exchange.” The introduction of a strategic investment in American aviation in the month will be effective in helping Southern aviation to open up the North American market to the United States.
The semi-annual report shows that the company has opened a number of new international routes, with international hub transit revenues increasing by 25.6 per cent over the year. Moreover, domestic air traffic is expected to continue to maintain a high profile, with the South becoming home for many years of deep-deeper domestic traffic, which is expected to be the largest beneficiary of air heating.
Domestic aviation demand is strong, with the South having the highest domestic line and the highest performance elasticity compared to the three major flights; the former oil price increases and the renminbi exchange rate stability have significantly improved corporate fundamentals. The increase in H shares introduced to United States aviation will enhance joint sales to provide new dynamism in the international market.
The macroeconomic slowdown, the volatility of oil prices, the renminbi, and the over-expected supply of civilian shipping power are among the factors that have slowed down.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.