The tax charges are too heavy for q3 performance, and the Twin Stars are worth it. \triangleright, October 29, 2023.
The significant growth in the performance ring in the single quarter was largely due to the growth of the Māori ring by $3.596 billion, but was lower than we had previously expected, mainly due to the increase in in-transit stocks, while the non-acknowledged revenue from in-transit stocks (due to the non-completion of crossm sales) was taxed (sales at the mine end).
Qiuzu tons with 13.1%/+10.2% change in ring ratio, 2593 tonnes/phosphorus production and 328,000 tonnes/ring increase in copper and cobalt production of q3 with 28.29% and 36.07%, respectively, of the annual guidelines, with the current construction of kfm phase
Zhang Qing has already completed production, tfm has three production lines, q4 copper cobalt production capacity is either high or expected to increase further. 2 sales: 2023q3 copper cobalt plate sales amount to 212,000 tons of copper and 222,000 tons of cobalt.
The amount of revenue actually recognized for sale during the month or so is less than the volume of the statement, but at the time of disposal, sales at the end of the mine would result in a tax on resources and a charge on corporate income tax, thus preventing tax and income tax from being able to pay off performance, which is now a shadow of 2023/08/2.
2. In-depth report from the Luoyang industry (603993.sh): Cheng 3. Luoyang industry (603993.sh) 2023 semi-annual report: Review of sales disruptions affecting profit release, expected for the second half of the year
Three-quarter trade plate commercial Māori of 682 million yuan and net profit for the mother of 580 million yuan. Quarterly recovery - 2023/07/16 Core point: 1 focus on copper and cobalt, with a doubling of production.
4. The Luoyang industry (603993.sh) doubled in the first quarter of 2023, with the company ' s copper and cobalt production doubling in the last two years. 2 Working together in the Ningde era to develop the world ' s best performance rating: the darkness before dawn, looking forward to the recovery of exports in the second quarter.
The poor sales affected q4 profits, with the expectation that the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Twin Stars would purchase shares for employee ownership and that management interests would be tied to investors.
Investment Recommendations: Taking into account the additional tax impact of in-transit inventories and the over-expected production of kfm, we adjust the 1 event: the company issued the 3-quarter report 2023, 2-point rating: sales returned to normal and the quarterly profit ring improved gradually
2.12023 The first three quarters of the quarter were affected by an equity event, resulting in a significant decline in profits on a year-on-year basis. The copper and cobalt plate continued to be blocked from sales due to the impact of the equity issue and gradually recovered only in early May, resulting in a significant decline in the Maori margin. In addition, the phosphorus plate was affected by a fall in the price of phosphorus, and the same-year margin fell, causing a significant decline in the profit margin.
The project has been put into production and has reached production, with three production lines for the tfm mixed mine, and q4 copper and cobalt production or potential for increased production, advancing the technology of digging deep into the three estates and scavengers. Currently, the company is actively promoting the development of the Xinjiang molten mine, which will be supplemented by future scaly production.
Acetyl phosphorus plate: Acetyl phosphorus exceeded production targets in the first three quarters of 2023. Production of americium/phosphorus was 7288/875793 tons, an increase of 5.3 per cent/2.2 per cent over the previous quarter, and copper gold plate for the completion of the annual plan (median guideline): Npm copper/gold production in the first three quarters of 2023 was 19,900 tons and 143,000 ounces, respectively
The Division, with an increase of 12.7 per cent/15 per cent in the same year, completed a yearly plan of 74.9 per cent/54.8 per cent for the NPm copper plate e26l1n mine, which continues to be active and contributes to an increase in copper production. Gold production is not as high as is expected, mainly due to ore by-product gold quality.
Trade plate: 5.12 million tons of trade in the first three quarters of 2023, 82.6 per cent of which was planned for the year as a whole, and significant reduction in sales due to the impact of royalties on copper and cobalt sales in the first three quarters of 2023. In April 2023, the enrichment incident was successfully resolved, and copper and cobalt stocks were gradually delivered in May-June, forming part of the sale in q3.
Half a year, copper and cobalt sales return to normal, and we expect a steady increase in q4 sales. 2.22023q3, mining end sales resume, and profit ring ratios improve significantly by billions of dollars. Growth is mainly due to Maori (3,686 million yuan), and growth is due mainly to the resumption of copper and cobalt sales.
Millions of dollars. The increase is mainly due to Maori (+3596 million). And the reduction is mainly due to fair value changes (- the increase in the ring ratio of gold is due mainly to company sales at the end of the mine, while the collection recognition of the group is required to wait for the sale to be completed at the ixm, which is about three months between the time of shipment, and hence the actual sale of recognized revenue.
Sold or less than reported sales, but sales at the end of the mine would result in resource taxes and business gains at the time of accounting treatment: tri-quarters of molybdenum metal and ring contrasts, with other varieties rising or falling across the board Copper cobalt plate: 2023q3, with cathode copper/metal cobalt prices of $8401 per ton and $15.9 per ton, respectively
In 2022, the Federal Reserve increased interest rates, with a low base of 2022q3 copper and a rise in copper prices on the same basis, but the ring ratio declined owing to the strength of the United States dollar; cobalt products were affected by supply and demand, with prices falling by 39.5 per cent compared to the year, and tons, mainly as a result of continued better demand in the musk chain, with prices for black tungsten ore increasing by 4.84 per cent compared to the year.
The ring has grown by 0.21%. Other metal varieties have declined most of the time. In the Brazilian phosphorus plate, the volume of americium/phosphate ammonium: q3 copper-cobalt plate production has increased significantly, and the sales of the same ring ratio has improved since the equity event was fully resolved. Copper-cobalt plate: the company produced 11.08.17 million copper/cobalt-plate metal in the third quarter of 2023, respectively.
(b) The export of tfm copper/cobalt products has resumed after the settlement of the profit-making event, with sales of 21.16.22 million tons of copper/cobalt, respectively, with an increase of 127.03 per cent and 1233.85 per cent in the ring.
The sales of copper and cobalt are expected to continue to increase after the release of future capacity. Plates: 3712/2092 tons of molybdenum/tungsten metal produced in the third quarter of 2023, compared to the same amount. Plates: 2593/2327929 tons of americium/phosphorus produced in the third quarter of 2023, compared to the same amount.
Copper gold plate: Npm copper/gold production of 6530 tons/4705 ounces in the third quarter of 2023, compared to \checkmark, taking into account the additional tax impact of in-transit stocks and the higher-than-expected production of kfm, we adjusted the profit forecast,
1) The project is not progressing as expected. There are more projects in progress, including the tfm mixed mining project, the kfm project, etc., which require considerable human and material resources, and where there are unexpected unexpected impacts that lead to less than expected progress, the production release tempo will slow and have an impact on profitability.
2) The prices of major metals, such as copper and cobalt, have fallen. Companies produce large commodities, transparent prices, price fluctuations for copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, strontium, phosphorus, etc., which have a significant impact on the profitability of companies if the macroeconomic downturn, or the resulting fall in metal prices, is the result of massive releases.
3) Geopolitical risks. Corporate investment projects are spread across countries such as China, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Brazil, Australia, and India.
4) The company’s subsequent recovery in performance requires timely sale of the stock, and if the sale of the stock is blocked, such as the lack of sufficient FARDC capacity, the performance will be released or will fall short of expectations. The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.