5g and auto electro-catalyzing high end release, high-frequency copper board escort taps growing — for the first time, the technology covered the report — the company created a good profit level for the copper plate.
It is strongly recommended (first rating) that the company is the largest in China and the second largest in the world in the production of copper plates, stickers and pcb. As industry leaders, the company has the size and technical advantages to accumulate in high-frequency high-speed areas.
The share of high-end products continues to grow, improving the collection structure effectively, and the profitability is at the forefront of the industry. 5g and auto digitization drive the high-frequency high-speed evolution of the copperboard industry 5g bring base stations, a new upgrading of consumer electronics, and the diffusion of consumer electronics, driving it.
As a result of the 5g high-frequency high-speed feature, the three groups co-opt the increase in the use of high-frequency/high-speed coatings, thereby increasing the volume of the industry. Automobile electronization has evolved in depth as a result of intelligent driving and new energy dynamics, with single-car pcb usage.
It is expected to increase from 1 m2 to more than 4 m2, thus pulling up the upstream HF/high-speed coatings demand.
Through the “Inner Research + Outsourcing” technology route, companies accumulated technology in the area of high-frequency high-speed coatings, leading the country’s producers, compared to those overseas in the shoulder Rogers on such indicators as corrosion and utility constants, and are expected to take the lead in breaking the monopoly of overseas manufacturers on high-end copper overboard markets in the country. In addition, companies are high-frequency.
High-speed products are stored with sufficient capacity and are expected to respond in a timely manner when downstream demand erupts. With a 5-g east wind, operations at pcb are expected to achieve a full increase in volume prices and a structural upgrade of base stations, servers, etc., leading to higher-end pcb penetration; and a new capacity.
The company’s current pcb operations are concentrated mainly in the area of communications, with high unit prices for products that require strict performance requirements, guaranteeing a higher level of profitability for pcb operations. Moreover, companies are expected to calculate clouds in the future, and cars have opened up new situations in both areas.
▪ Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Progress in the electronicization of the automobile industry. 1) Traditional copper sheeting: assuming annual growth in the company's traditional copper sheet production capacity, compared to a downstream production of 3.3 per cent per annum of pcb
The rate of increase has been equal; in unit prices, conservative assumptions have been made that the unit price of the coating sheet has remained at 2019 levels, with a slight increase. (2) The new copper plate project: assuming that the company's total sales of the capping board passed 100 million flats in 2020, it is assumed that Jiangxisheeng 3) the high frequency of the coins: mainly the special material project for Jiangsujin, which is high according to corporate information in 2020
In terms of unit prices, it is assumed that the unit price of pcb downstream is 4000 yuan per square metre per unit, and the cost of the coating plate is assumed to be 46,000 yuan per square metre per unit.
30% of pcb, with a unit price of $1,200 per square metre for high-frequency copper plates. According to the company ' s 2019 report, the planned output of the company in 2020 was 1.1 million square metres, and the growth rate of production in 2020 was expected to be 41%; assuming the production of the Pcb project in 2021, the first year of production reached the target level.
With 30% or 200,000 of the 0.7 million-square-capable capacity, the increase in production and sales is slightly higher than that of the industry at 5% to 1.15 million-square, and 23% in 2021 pcb as a whole; assuming a 20% increase in production and sales in 2022 with the success of the three-phase expansion of the production and the completion of the Gyan-saturation phase, the increase in production and sales is expected to be achieved
On the unit price side, pcb sales grew by 21% as a whole, assuming that pcb would have a unit price of $3900 per square 1) the market view is that higher prices for raw materials put pressure on the coppers' Māori ratio. We believe that the copper bank has a very different pattern of competition from pcb, that the industry is highly concentrated, and that dragon producers can easily pass upstream cost pressures.
2) Market view suggests that companies cannot enjoy higher valuations when looking at the copper sheet business alone. We believe that companies, as a few in the country, can provide high-frequency high-speed copper overboard manufacturers, and that the company's pcb operations focus on high-end communications.
The company’s financial position is good, operating well, and the profitability of its products continues to grow. Moreover, the company’s profit-generating e-plans, which are listed separately, are expected to raise the market value of the entire listed group.
The construction of the 5g base station fell short of expectations, the demand for electronics was weak due to the epidemic, and car digitization was slow.
The technology is the largest and second largest copper-plate producer in China. The company was created in 1985 and was listed in October 1998. The company mainly produces high-end electronic materials such as coatings, semi-stabilized tablets, insulation presses, metal-based copper slabs, coated copper slabs, and the overlaying membranes, while also operating as part of a pcb operation.
The products are widely used in domestic electricity, mobile phones, cars, computers, aerospace industries, communications equipment and a variety of medium- and high-end electrical sub-products, and are certified by internationally known companies such as Hua, Naking, Nokia, Bo, Sony, Samsung, Philips, and are sold to various countries and regions of the world, including the Americas, Europe, Korea, Japan, and South-East Asia.
1. Establishment of National Electronics 1. Autonomous research and development (R & D)
Establishment of the "Fccl "Bronze Quantum Production in the East Sea.
Created "Survivor Technology." Created "Survivor House" with soft photovoltaics.
First person in the industry: (Hong Kong);
Establishment of the “Property Benefit” and the “Property of Jiang So Seong” Real Estate Development Co. Ltd.
"I've got a limited supply of steel, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot of money, and I've got a lot, and I've got a lot, and I've got a lot, and I've got a lot, and I've got a lot, and I've got a lot,
Created the "Survivor of East China", the country's first rccc (Trough of trees) and the "Survivor of Jiangxi"
Accurate coating without lead cem-1, cem-3 electricity ("silent" copper)
Two iec standards for the product.
He became the first electronic in the country.
The company owns the copper sheet. The coating is the leaching of fibreglass fabrics or other enhanced materials into resins, one.
In the case of common fibreglass coatings (fr-4), the main costs are raw materials and manufacturing costs (manual, warehousing, depreciation, water and electricity, etc.), and the main raw materials are copper beams, glass fibre cloths, epoxy resins, at 39%, 18%, respectively.
The core areas of the two are conventional and high-frequency high-speed high-speed copper panels, with lower losses on high-frequency high-speed copper panels, i.e., the medium has a right-to-cut power loss angle.
or “df”, lower value; HF high-speed overlayed copper boards are more stable (in “dk”, lower) and product performance is more consistent than the traditional copper overflow constant.
The combination of the industry giant Rogers and the profit criterion, usually the df < 0.01, dk < 4.5 coating plates can be called high-frequency high-speed coatings. The profit technology is a small number of companies in the country that can produce high-frequency high-speed coatings and have ptfe and carbon.
In addition to the steel plates, companies are involved in the downstream pcb field.pcb is a short term for printing circuit boards, which are based on copper caps, and print the conductive graphics on the base plate using electronic printing.
The interconnectivity between current electronic components is the backbone of electronic components, known as "the mother of electronics," and it also determines the vast space in the downstream domain of pcb. The company ' s pcb is currently produced mainly by electronics produced by its subsidiaries, producing 80,68 million m2 in 2019.
In April 2020, the company announced that it would market the profitable electronic panels, and after listing, the company would remain a beneficial electronic controlling shareholder and a subsidiary in the context of the consolidated statements.
This, on the one hand, has allowed companies to focus more on the main copper market and, on the other hand, to add value to the entire corporate system through the specialization of the respective parent companies.
Companies are state-owned and have a clear equity structure. According to the 20q1 quarterly report, shareholders in the company’s state-owned holdings have a broad picture, which, on the one hand, makes it easier for companies to take on the relevant plans of the State’s technological closure and strengthens the position of the industry, on the other hand, gives them a greater advantage in terms of resources and capital.
In April 2019, the company proposed to launch a stock incentive scheme of 4.99% of the total stock, with a plan to award 483 people for the first time, from directors, executives to core bones, and a steady increase in revenue in recent years. In 2019, the company collected $13,241 million, an increase of 10.5%.
In terms of net profits, companies have achieved a significant increase in the net return to their mothers in recent years. In 2016-2019, except for research in 2018.
The net increase in the cost of payments was higher than 30 per cent per year, except for the fall in net profit. 20q1 companies increased their net profit by 36.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, well above the rate of increase in revenue, mainly high-end products and product structures, with a steady increase in the structure of the products, and a slight increase in the share of pcb.
In 2016-2019, the company pcb recorded a year-on-year rise in the mainland of China by sub-area. In 2015-2019, the mainland Chinese market collected Gon.
The contribution has risen from 60% to over 80%, and is backed by a national producer, led by a technology-for-profit, which replaces the national production of overseas producers in the copper plate/pcb domain, reflecting advances in the technological power of national producers. We anticipate that the future will be accompanied by further breakthroughs in high-end products by technology-for-technology producers in countries such as the indigenous market.
Primary technology infrastructure (by product) Primary technology infrastructure (by region), Copperboard industry: 5g and auto digitization leading to structural upgrading
Pcb, a major industry of over $60 billion, is a high-value ship. As a bridge to carry electronic components and connect circuits, pcb is widely used in the fields of telecommunications, consumer electronics, computers, automobile electronics, industrial controls, medical devices, defence and aerospace, and is modern electronic mail.
The total global output of the pcb industry is estimated at $58.84 billion in 2017, according to Prismark, and the global pcb market is expected to grow mildly in 2017-2022, with a projected output of $68.8 billion in 2022 and 3.2 per cent in five years.
Global pcb output and acceleration projections (in billions of dollars) are in three major downstream areas of pcb, namely, communications equipment, consumer electronics, and automobile electronics. According to Prismark, production estimates for global telecommunications electronics amounted to $17.8 billion in 2017, accounting for global production of pcb.
30.3 per cent of total industrial output, while consumer electronics and automobile electronics are expected to produce $7.9 billion, or 13.4 per cent, and 8.8 per cent respectively, of pcb in the same year.
Pcb's share in the three main areas will continue to rise as a whole, with structural upgrades in 2.1 and 5g. Base stations, mobile phones, servers will benefit in turn. 5g will start a new construction cycle, and in turn will benefit base stations, consumer electronics and servers in communications equipment.
Each generation of communications upgrades is usually accompanied by upstream base station network construction, medium-stream communications equipment, end-to-end outreach such as cargo start-up, downstream cell phones, etc., and with the new generation of networks being used widely, new scenarios are creating greater traffic demand, thereby reversing the expansion of the number of data centre servers: operators
At the transmission rhythm, there was a year or so difference in the volume of goods delivered from base stations to cell phones to servers in the 4g era. Looking back at the 4g era, China opened a large-scale construction of 4g base stations in 2013 and built 4g in the same year.
314,000 base stations, compared to 211,000 in 2012; 4gtd cards were issued at the end of 2013 and the Chinese mobile td-lte network was officially launched only on 18 December of the same year, resulting in a full sale of 4g mobile phones in 2014; and, with regard to servers, Chinese server arrivals increased by 19.8 per cent in 2014 and 20.7 per cent in 2015, with an increase in speed
1 pct, reflecting an outbreak of 4g cellular traffic that pulls up the demand for upstream servers. This time lag is expected to decrease to 0.5 years by comparison with the 5g era. 38,000 new 5g base stations were built in China in the first seven months of 2019, and 130,000 new refractionable 5g base stations were built in the first eight-December months of the year, exceeding 90,000, 2019h2 base.
In January-April 2020, there were 3,044 million deliveries, a 16 per cent increase in the ring, and mobile phone deliveries were on the fast track at 2020h1; in 2019, the number of deliveries by Chinese servers x 86 was 3,178,000, a decline of 3.8 per cent, compared with 3.8 per cent.
In terms of specific impacts, 5g presents opportunities for structural upgrading of the communications pcb/copper-plating industrial chain, with the ultimate impact on both “volume” and “price.” Base stations: on the one hand, 5g require more base stations for equivalent coverage due to reduced HF coverage radius, same as on the other.
The change in the structure of the 5g base station resulted in an increase in the use of single station pcb/copper sheet; on the other hand, the 5g high frequency high-speed feature added to the demand for high-frequency high-speed copper sheeting, resulting in a quantitative increase in value.
Increased penetration (soft circuit boards), while the demand for fccl as fpc base material is expected to grow considerably; on the other hand, the 5g sea level connectivity feature is expected to accelerate the availability and spread of new consumer electronics, thus driving the use of pcb/copper.
Servers: The new applications, represented by 5g, cloud calculations, bring big data storage and computational needs, and reverse the build-up of the upstream data centre. Pcb, as a base component, is expected to grow at a high rate as the server market booms.
2.2 Automobile electron, single-car coated copper, high ship consumption, auto-drive and new energy development, leading to a rising penetration rate of car electron penetration. In the 1980s, car electron was used mainly in electronic fuel jets, with a low overall share.
The upgrading of driving systems from safety aids to automation, which drives new car components such as radars, display devices, and, on the other hand, the development of new energy vehicles, which drive electric motors and the associated battery management system, has further increased the proportion of automobiles digitized.
Correspondingly, as the mother of electronics, pcb is used mainly in motor functional systems such as electric controls, assistive driving, vehicle-borne communications, and, in the case of new energy vehicles, in assistive driving and even adas (advanced driving aids).
In terms of prices, the in-depth evolution of car electron has increased the value of a bicycle pcb. The increase in value comes from two sources: on the one hand, the increasing size of a bicycle pcb, the open disclosure of useful technology, the use of a single car pcb in 2018, which is expected to reach 3 square metres and two times the increase in space in the future; and on the other hand, the increase in the value of a bicycle pcb.
On the other hand, as the penetration rate of the adas (advanced driving) increases, the volume of the adas core component millimetre wave radar is expected to climb, with high frequency pcb becoming the main base of the millimetre wave radar with stable performance, more expensive than the normal pcb, whose increase in the share of a bicycle pcb leads to an increase in the unit price of the vehicle pcb.
From a quantitative point of view, the accelerated penetration of new energy vehicles opens up vast energy space for high-electronic cars, which, by their size of user size, are expected to become the next generation of interactive portals, with mainstream manufacturers launching new energy vehicles, creating an important industrial trend. Bloombergnef predicts that new global energy sources will be available in 2019.
Sales are expected to reach 2.6 million vehicles, with a sales penetration rate of 2.8 per cent, and significant penetration space.3 The traditional copper sheeting: strong bargaining power, high price pressure, and a high concentration in the copper sheet industry. Unlike the spread pattern in the pcb industry, the global coating industry is more concentrated.
For example, in 2018, 73% of the top 10 manufacturers worldwide were sold, with 13.7%, 11.9%, 11.7% of the top three producers, 13.7% of the top three producers, 11.9% of the top producers, and 11.7% of the South Asian plastics, respectively, with high concentration leading to a strong bargaining power, with pressure on the cost of the raw materials of the top producers flowing downstream.
A higher concentration of industries means a stronger bargaining power for downstream producers. In particular, for producers like these, they have a higher market share and a stronger bargaining power, and they can effectively balance the structure with a multi-product layout: so when upstream raw materials rise, they can more effectively channel the cost pressure downstream through
The price increases maintain or even raise the level of Māori. The cost of the coating plate is split and the price of the raw material is now stable compared to the historical price.
After 17 and 18 years of net profit, the price of the veil has fallen back to late 2016, early 2017, and it's starting to look steady. We expect that the price of the main raw materials will remain stable in 2020.
Looking ahead to future prices, companies are expected to raise the price of copper overboards in 2020. In terms of profit technology sales, the demand for copper upstream is expected to continue in 2020, and the price for copper overboard is expected to increase, with good companies reaping all year round.
High-frequency high-speed copper plates: National production taps are expected to break through overseas monopolies 4.1, industry supply and demand, and high-frequency high-speed products are the fastest growing areas in the copper high-speed industry.
The sales of special and special resin-based coatings (mainly high-frequency high-speed coatings and sheet-based materials) amounted to $2962 million, an increase of 31.7 per cent over the same period, a significant increase of 15.3 pct over the 2017 rate, and the continuation of the high-frequency high-speed coatings, which are also special resin-based coatings, with a difference:
High-frequency high-frequency (HF) circuits suitable for high-frequency copper panels, the main feature of which is high signal frequency; and high-speed high-speed copper plates adapted to high-speed circuits, the main feature of which is fast voltage changes and short-time rises. Since the timing of the rise has a significant impact on the integrity of the beacon, in order to ensure the integrity of the high-frequency signals, it is often required to inform the circuit, so two.
The relationship can be concluded that high frequency and high speed are fully unnecessary. From df, dk, HF crown copper boards have lower corrosion tangents (df) and medium constants (dk), which are more technically difficult.
In the field of applications, high-frequency coatings are used mainly in base stations, in the antenna radio-frequency components of satellite communications, and in millimetre wave radars for vehicle-assisted driving, while high-speed coatings are used in the circuits of equipment such as servers, switches and routers in the market.
4.1.1. Demand side: The opening of 5g and auto electron high frequency growth space 5g has increased the demand for high frequency copper panels for base stations. The high frequency of 5g signals and the high volume of data transmission will be widely used to satisfy the integrity of signal transmission.
Auxiliary driving penetration increases, opening up wide space for high-frequency copper plates in the electronics of cars. Auxiliary driving, especially the adas (advanced driving) system, is increasing as the car becomes more electronic.
His predicts that the market demand for car radar sensors will be 23% in the next few years, and that the number of millimetre-wave radars will reach 300 million. The server industry will be on the rise in a variety of new applications.
Downstream data flow eruptions drive up upstream data centres to expand and build, and the number of servers rises. According to Cisco statistics and projections, global ip traffic reached 157eb per month in 2018 and is expected to reach 480 by 2022 and 600 by 2020, with the corresponding output from
$32 billion up to $49 billion, and capr 23.7 per cent. Componentintercontractexpress, a high-speed serial computer extension bus standard.
The bandwidth reached 64/128gb/s (16-channel double-entry) at a rate of 16/32ghz, with a doubling of performance. Servers are upgraded to high speed, and the server main board is expected to change to high-speed copper sheet material, with a subsequent increase in the value of single-priced copper.
4.1.2 Supply side: US-Japanese manufacturers dominate the global market for high-frequency copper plates, which are dominated by US-Japanese manufacturers. Based on the material, the high-frequency copper sheet is divided into ptfe (polytrafluoroethylene) and hydrocarbons.
Long-cycle, diverse downstream demand requires proprietary formulas, etc. There are high entry thresholds, and the market is now dominated by US-Japan manufacturers. US-based top producers are Rogers, Park, and Isola, and, with Japan’s mid-emergence, the top four firms in the industry have more than 90% and have a higher degree of monopoly; the country’s output is in need of a breakthrough.
Global high-frequency copper plate (in the case of ptfe) market competition pattern 4.2. Technology for profit: where is the competitiveness of inward and outward purchases that are expected to break overseas monopolies? (Technology advantages, emerging)
The combination of “in-house research” and “out-sourcing” is promising to break the monopoly of overseas producers. On the internal research side, it is possible that the technology is available earlier on high-frequency products, with a corresponding technological reserve in the three categories of hydrocarbons, ptfe, and thermal solid materials.
At present, some of the high-end products of the company can match Rogers with performance indicators, some of the high-frequency products have been certified as Chinese, Naking, Nokia, etc., and technology will benefit in the future as national production is replaced.
The share of the domestic market for high-frequency copper is expected to increase. Table 4: Comparison of the performance of profit technologies with Rogers products.
In addition, in July 2019, the company began work on the high end pcb project in Gian, which is expected to start in mid-2020.
Planning for 700,000 square metres/year, with products dominated by a large volume of high-end pcb in 5g communication boards, server boards, motor electronics, etc., and a projected production capacity of 1.1 million square metres/year in phase II, with products dominated by high-end hdi boards, high-frequency high-speed boards, and special process products. Companies are expected to absorb the outbreak of downstream demand closely in the future when they have sufficient production capacity.
5. pcb: 5g with structural upgrades, high-end pcb-volume operations are driven mainly by downstream 5g base stations, servers and consumer electronics. 5.1 Base stations: structural changes result in higher communications pcb-volume prices
One of the 5g scenes was the massivemimo (large-scale antenna) technology, which led to structural changes in the base station. Looking back at the evolution of the base station antenna, which took the form of integrated antennas at the macro-based station, cellular separation of the base belt processing unit and radio frequency stretching, mimo antennas, active antennas, and now 5g-massivemimo.
The 4g network (tdd) antennas are typically 2/4/8 antennas, while the massivemimo channel has a total of 64/128/256 - which requires structural changes in 5g base stations to 4g base stations. 4g base stations (bbu+rru+ antenna/gift): mainstream macrostations usually include bbu (responsible signals).
Moderating), rru (radio frequency processing), antenna (wire-guided wave and air-based space wave processing), feeder (connected rru and antennae). 5g base station (cu+du+aau): the real-time portion of the original bbu is independent and forms du,
For distributed access units, which deal with physical layer protocols and real-time services, the bbu Ministry of Real-time Central Africa separates itself into cu, which is the central unit responsible for high-level protocol processing and centralized administration of multiple dus; the original antenna/gift line and rru are combined into aau, which is the active antenna unit responsible for radio frequency processing and radio frequency processing.
We believe that in the early stages of the construction of the 5g, the c-du will focus on co-location to solve the problem of the delay after the cula, and that late-to-medium 5g operators can choose whether to separate the c-du, depending on their business needs.
The 5g base station compared to the 4g base station structural changes in the base station structure have increased the area of the 5g base station pcb nearly by a factor of one. 4g base station uses the pcb mainly as a gift system, rru and bbu.
Sky feed systems: According to the dismantling of mainstream base stations, an antenna is usually in the range of 0.108 m2 (based on 30 vibrations), a feed network is in the range of 0.12 m2, a single base station is usually equipped with a three-by-day feed system, and a heavenly feed system pcb is in the range of 0.684 m2.
rru: the area of rru is usually 0.1 m2, with 3 pairs of rru, and the area of bbu is 0.3 m2. bbu: 442 mm*86 mm*310 mm in size and bbu pcb is 0.42m2.
The total area of pcb at the 4g base station is 1.404m2. 5g base station is used in the pcb section, mainly aau, original bbu (cu+du).aau:aau includes pcb, mainly antennas, feed networks, paboards and trx boards.
The antennae and feed networks are integrated into a large pcb base plate. The antennas contain their own pcb measuring 0.15 square metres, and the feed network size is equal to the base pcb measuring 0.25 m2.
The total area of the plate is 0.098 m2. The trx board is 0.24 m2. As a result, the individual aaupcb cu+du: bbu equals 4 g base station with 0.42 m2 and the 5g single station pcb with an area of 2.634 m2, an increase of 87.6%.
In terms of prices, pcb used for different components of the base station varies considerably depending on the performance requirements. Here, the base station pcb price can be reduced to the following categories for ease of calculation: 4g base station daily feed system and rru:pcb average prices are usually 2000 yuan/m2;
The value of 4g single station pcb is $3648. 5gaau: part of the base plate (the feed network) is more expensive per unit, and the 5g high-frequency high-speed properties have increased the value added of pcb for the process, at a unit price of 3,500 yuan per square metre, and the unit price for the antenna is expected to exceed that of the antenna.
3000 yuan per square metre, here at 3000 yuan per square metre; the pa and trx sections, in view of the generation of national production, are expected to fall to 3,000 yuan per square metre in the future; and above yuan per square metre, which is expected to fall to 7,000 yuan per square metre in the future as national production is replaced.
The value of the 5g single station pcb is $9957, which is 2.7 times the value of the 4g era. 4g base station single station pcb values are estimated to be more than 7.7 million sites built in the 5g era.
On the occasion of the conference, Lee Fochan, an expert from the Wireless Technology Research Department of the Connected Network Technology Institute, estimated that the number of base stations in 5g could be 1.5-2 times that of 4g. We believe that, given that the pre-fiveg period was dominated by Nsa, the share of sa was gradually increased in the middle and late stages, and the number of 5g base stations was conservatively estimated to be 1.5 times that of 4g base stations.
In 2019, the total number of base stations reached 5.14 million, and the total number of 5g base stations is expected to reach 771 at the construction pace, with the construction of the 5g base station expected to peak in 21-23 years. According to the three major operators, the total number of new 5g stations constructed by the three operators in 2019 was 132,000, and the projected construction in 2020 is expected to reach 132,000.
Year in which construction peaked in 2021-2023, the base station is expected to be more than 1.5 million stations per year, followed by year-on-year calculations of the market size of the 5g base station pcb market in Table 5:5g
5.2. Cloud computing: After a brief slump in 2019, the global server market is recovering. In 2019, the global server market suffered from high customer-side stock, resulting in reduced downstream demand, with 11.4 million deliveries throughout the year, representing a 9.3 per cent decline.
By 2020, the global server market is expected to recover from the continuous fermentation of the ai, cloud computing, and will continue to benefit from the demand for data generated by the 5g penetration. Digitimesrearch predicts that global server loads from 2019-2024 will be cagr or 6.5%.
Global server delivery forecasts (in 10,000 units) are calculated to have a pcb value of $1,700 on a single server. Three m2 of pcb is used on the server, the corresponding high-speed pcb market is conservatively estimated at $3,000 per square metre, and the single server pcb is priced at pcb.
The value is $1710. The server uses pcb components and the total value of 570*4150.24m2.
The server market has recovered, and is expected to produce a pcb market with an annual output of more than $20 billion. The global server pcb production is expected to reach 211, 225, 239, 25.5 billion yuan in 2020-2023, based on a single service server pcb value of $1710, while Chinese production is expected to reach 69, 75, 81, and 8.9 billion yuan, respectively.
5.3. Automobiles: New energy vehicles speed up penetration into open space Traditional fuel vehicles pcb at $500 and new energy vehicles at over $4,500. Traditional pure fuel cars have an area of around 1 m2 and are distributed mainly in power, safety control, body and electronic parts of vehicles;
As a result of the change in power structure, the energy vehicle added three new components, bms, vcu, and mcu, using pcb, to a total area increase of 3.42 m2 and the pcb unit price increased as a result of the increased technical difficulties of the processors, bringing the value of the full vehicle pcb from $500 to $4540.
The new car penetration rate is rising, and the overall car pcb market is expected to exceed 56 billion dollars a year. We expect the new car to grow faster than the pure fuel truck, and its overall vehicle sales are expected to increase, driving the car.
Between billions of yuan, fuel tankers ranged between 44 billion and 46 billion yuan, and collectively between 56 billion and 63 billion yuan. 6.1. Operational capacity: net profit increases faster than revenue, good human performance 2015-2020q1, income-generating technology increases steadily, and net gains faster than revenue.
In terms of profitability, the company ' s return in 2015 is due to the high-end optimization of the company ' s product structure, leading to an increase in the cost of copper and pcb unit. In 2020q1, the company ' s return to the mother ' s net profit was $339 million, an increase of 36.1 per cent, faster than the compound increase of the previous five years, indicating the company ' s profitability.
In terms of unit prices for products, the overall prices of the company ' s coatings and pcbs are on the rise. After an increase in the price of 2017q1, the price has stabilized and the overall price has been maintained at $108 per square metre; pcb has come out with the communication boards.
The share of goods rose, single-priced ships rose, reaching $3900 per square metre by 2019, product structure went further up, income generation per capita, and income-generating technology was at the forefront of national copper-covering/pcb manufacturers, reflecting a better level of human effectiveness. On per capita income, income-generating technology reached $1.28 million in 2019, higher than the pcb peer, deep south, far south, far south.
The amount of 900,000 yuan in electricity is also higher than the amount of 1.23 million yuan worth of new material from the same copper-plating company; in per capita profits, the amount of technology generated was more than 140,000 yuan in 2019, higher than the $108,000 and $62,000 worth of new material from the deep south, and slightly less than the 158,000 dollars of the share in the power supply.
Nationally produced copper plates/pcbs per capita (in thousands of yuan) Nationally produced copper plates/pcbs per capita receipts (in thousands) 5 of which peaked in 2017 and fell since then.
Tiles, South Asian plastics and Chinese nuggets, 2019 inventory turnover rates of 3.8, 5.7 and 7.0, respectively, pcb plant, deep south, power and electricity inventory turnover rates of 5.5 and 4.1, respectively, the same year.
In a horizontal comparison, the company’s profitability is at the forefront of its peers. The same company, which is the dominant industry, has benefited from technology.
At net interest rates of 24.0 per cent for the construction of the slab and 9.8 per cent for South Asian plastics in 2019, the technology for profit was close to building, with 11.8 per cent and 13.1 per cent, respectively, and 8.1 per cent for South Asian plastics; the net asset rate of return was well controlled in 2019 for corporate costs, with a more stable three-fee collection.
The downward trend is indicative of the decline in corporate borrowing-type liabilities. Peer comparisons, mainly based on sales and management costs, yielding technology is at a middle-class level. Sales fees, in 2019, were 2.2 per cent, 2.2 per cent, deep-south circuits, and stockholdings, respectively.
2.1 per cent and 2.9 per cent are closer to each household; the management cost rate was the highest of 4.9 per cent in 2019, and the cost of building a layer of R & D, which was close to the mainstream level of the industry. The cost of R & D was 4.4 per cent and 4.6 per cent for R & D, respectively, for 2018-2019, with approximately 4 to 5 per cent of the peers, and the cost of R & D was high, given that it was very high in terms of R & D inputs.
7. Key assumptions and profit projections. The company currently operates mainly on the copper sheet and pcb. Due to the high concentration in the copper sheet industry, the company, as a leader, can pass down the cost pressure downstream through higher prices, given the expected increase in the prices of upstream raw materials;
High-frequency high-speed coatings, benefiting from the eruptions in downstream areas such as 5g communications, digital servers and car electronics; and company pcb operations, which are expected to benefit directly from the large-scale construction of the 5g base station, as well as from the warming of the server and car markets and the growth of the volume. In terms of capacity reserves, the company currently benefits from the copper plate.
The project became operational with capacity design at 30 million square metres, the Jiang Sou Sheng special materials project is in the process of climbing up the production capacity section, with final capacity design at 1.5 million flat high-frequency copper sheeting, and the Gian Sheng project was launched in July 2019, bringing together 1.8 million square pcb production capacity in two phases, so that the company's productive reserves can be better adapted to future downstream needs.
(1) Traditional copper sheeting: assuming that the company's traditional copper sheeting capacity — the Togashi plant, the Tsingxi factory, the Sioux state profits are increased in annual sales at a rate equal to the lower bcb annual production rate of 3.3 per cent; on unit prices, assuming that high end products account for (2) the new copper plate project: assuming the company's total sales of copper caps out of 100 million flats in 2020, it is assumed that Jiangxi will be accounted for.
(3) HFCC: Mainly for the Jiang Su Seeng special material project, which according to corporate information in 2020 HFCC monthly production capacity of 2000 units, based on a single area of 1.4 square metres, assuming annual sales equal to annual production, the volume of sales is 34,000 square metres, assuming annual sales of 30,000 and 40,000 sheets, corresponding to 2021-2022.
In terms of unit prices, assuming a unit price of 4000 yuan per square metre for downstream pcb and 30% per cent per square plate, the unit price of high-frequency coatings is 1,200 yuan per square metre. (4) pcb: According to the company ' s 2019 report, assuming electronic sales in 2020 were 1.1 million
Car electronics demand peaked at a further rate of 20 per cent; assuming that Gianjin would only be in production in 2021, comparable companies in the first year of a stock listing would be in the company ' s main copper coating/pcb industry, mainly deep south circuits in the pcb field, platinum shares, super-fever technology in the copper section, ultrasound electronics, and Hwazheng.
We believe that the company’s valuation multipliers should be aligned to the pcb industry, given the leading national production position in the area of high-frequency high-speed coatings and the further opening of the market for pcb products in the area of communications. The investment proposal is that profit technology benefit from the accelerated construction and counting of 5g as a front-runner in the area of domestic coatings.
The construction of the 5g base station has not progressed as expected, the impact of the epidemic has weakened demand in the electronics sector and the automotive industry.