High-end effects are significant, and the upward trend in ton prices is expected to continue. Qingdao beer (600600.sh) Investment rating: increase (maintain)
The performance in 2021 was in line with expected cost pressures, but the trend towards high-end was clear, and the valuation had been maintained at reasonable intervals, with an “enhancement” rating.
A 1.4% increase in beer sales, 7.0% in tons and 1.28 pct in Māori, mainly as a result of high-end, sub-branding products upgraded to the main brand. By branding, Aoshima’s branding increased by 14.8%, with a 2.8% increase in tonnage and a 11.6% increase in sales, and a 2.1% decrease in sales by the same date.
This represents a 7.2% increase in tonnage over the same year ($2743), a 8.6% decrease in sales over the same year, and a significant upgrading of low-ton-price sub-brands to top-prime brands. For the subregion, the base market grew by 9.6% and 12.1% in Shandong and North China, an accelerated trend, with a steady rise in the coastal markets of South-East, South-East and East China.
• Visible improvement in high-end profitability. Net interest rate increased by 2.41 pct in 2021, with a 1.28 pc for beer operations under the new accounting standards, mainly due to high-end and product structure upgrades; sales cost increased by 0.71 pct, mainly due to marketing advertising inputs
Growth; reduction of 0.4 pct on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to a decrease in the cost of salaries of employees; in addition, 570 million land-based incentives continue to improve and the impact of the epidemic does not change the upward trend.
First-line sales workers' salaries continue to rise, encouraging continuous improvement. The epidemic has had a short-term impact on catering outlets, high-end became the main melody, 2022.3.22 tons of high-digit growth, combined costs are expected to increase in single-digit terms at higher prices of barley and package materials, and profits are expected.
The capacity, despite the pressures, is expected to continue to improve.