Qingdao Beers (600,600): Overperformance is expected to yield a total income of $9,208 million (3 per cent increase) and a net return of $1,126 million (with overperformance and cost escalation compromising some Māori rates)
The company’s total operating income of 2022q1 was $9,208 million (3 per cent increase); the net profit from maternity (17 per cent) and its performance was higher than expected. In March, the country’s high incidence of new coronary pneumonia had a greater impact on the domestic beer consumption market, and the company’s sales of beer had a greater impact.
Quarterly company-focused Winter Olympics 2022, with continued brand-up influence through a series of off-line outreach activities, accelerated product structural optimization, with good results in January-February 2022. Total sales of 2022q1 were 21.29 million litres (same as or less).
Brand brand sales of 1304,000 litres (5.1% more) have maintained a positive growth trend. As we approach the fifty-first, we believe that companies are expected to recover faster in the season, and that profitability is expected to increase further.
Qingdao Beers (600600) Event Assessment Report: Performance card  The established branding strategy will remain unchanged and high-end will continue in 2022.
The branding strategy is to actively foster and develop new strategic and niche products. Companies will have the advantage of a production and marketing network that covers major markets throughout the country, consolidating and increasing their advantage in the base market and taking possession of emerging markets.
In addition, the company will build multi-state deep-connected, complementary, and altruistic cycling.
New heights for brand promotion, new heights for consumer experience, fresh beer, etc. New heights for high-end beer sales. Company-established high-end processes will remain unchanged, and product composition will continue to be optimized.
The company is expected to respond through direct or indirect price increases, and the product mix continues to be optimized, and the performance is expected to continue to be released. We see that the company’s product structure continues to be optimized and its management efficiency improved.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, the epidemic's consumption drags on, the season's sales fall short of expectations, prices fall short of expectations, raw materials rise, etc.
Sun Shanshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.