The Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre has performed as expected and profitability continues to improve The company issued a quarterly report on 28 April, selling 21.29 million litres of 22q1 beer, compared to -2.8 per cent;
The Shandong epidemic led to a decline in sales and a negative growth in the Qingjia brand. 22q1 fell by 3%, with a ton of revenue equal to +6%, and is expected to take time to pass after the epidemic slowed the pace of high-endization and price increases in large single items at the beginning of the year. Sub-products show that the main brand, Qingjia, sold 1304,000 litres, +5.1%, accounted for +5pc to +5pt to the same year.
The company achieved a full increase in volume, price, and profit, but the impact of the March Sandong epidemic was large, limiting not only the demand for meals and meals, but also the production and transport of the Qingdao factory. The fall in market sales in March was not fully covered and the cost increase of q1 tons was more efficient. The cost of 22q1 tons was equal to the cost.
+6.9 per cent, mainly due to higher costs of package materials, barley, freight, etc., and a reduction in the volume of cumulative sales affecting fixed costs 14.20 per cent, with higher costs compared to the new Beijing Winter Olympics sponsored; management rates compared to +0.17 pct, which is expected to be better in April, with sales expected to be flat or low throughout the year. In late March, Shandong recovered.
The canteens, which are now on the edge of the epidemic in the east of China, are expected to drop in sales from January to April around the median, assuming a return to the same period in May/September to 19 years, with annual sales almost equal. Last year, the base of beer was low due to the impact of the epidemic, weather, vaccinations, and a comparison of sales in May/September 21
The company’s barley lock price is as high as q3, which speeds back bottle efficiency to reduce pressure, and has already raised prices in the previous period for products such as 1903, white beverages, classics, pure vials, etc. The season’s pure survival is expected to be priced for packaging.
The brand is solid, the classic 1903, the pure upgrading of the product base, the white beverages enjoy the track dividends, and the plant's layoffs release profit elasticity.
The risk of recurring epidemics, increased risk by regional competition, low expectations of consumption escalation, and food safety issues.