Qingdao beer 1q22 has grown profitably and the product structure has continued to upgrade. Events: The company disclosed a report for the first quarter of 2022. The 1q22 company collected $9.21 billion, or 3.1 per cent of the year;
The net return to the mother is 1.130 billion yuan, compared with 10.2 per cent, and the net gain to the mother is 1.02 billion yuan, compared with 17.1 per cent. The epidemic has led to income growth and product structural upgrading driving profits. (1) At the end of the income, the average income of the company was 1q22 +3.1 per cent.
Qingdao's beer is a quarterly review of the overall increase in profits. The domestic epidemic has spread a lot since March, delaying a quarter of its revenue.
At 37.8%, the ratio-0.5 pct, the pressure on the cost of raw materials is still on. The overall cost rate of 1q22 has dropped slightly and the price of ton alcohol has continued to rise. (1) The sales of 1q22 beer have reached 21.29 million litres, or 2.8%, slightly lower than the domestic level (-1.5%), and we judge the public.
The impact of the epidemic is more pronounced in the North and East China regions of the Division’s priority marketing areas, resulting in a greater impact on the company. (2) Against the backdrop of a decline in overall sales, the company’s main brand, Qingjia, achieved 130.4,000 litres of beer, +5.1 per cent of the year; and the price of tons of alcohol exceeded $4,300 per ton, +6 per cent of the year, with the product ending.
Outlook: The epidemic has caused short-term disturbances, and high-quality development strategies have consolidated the competitive edge of medium- and high-end markets. (1) Short-term epidemic effects and cost pressures are still in place. With April outbreak data, we judge that short-term beer sales are still affected.
In addition, raw materials such as barley and wheat are being imported during the first quarter and cost pressures remain high. (2) In the medium and long term, we still look at the high quality of the company's development path, and the product structure is expected to continue to improve, contributing to a sustained increase in profitability.
Changes in consumer groups affect demand, fluctuations in the cost of raw materials, and the impact of the epidemic is more than expected.