Qingdao beer (600,600): Performance meets expectations, high end recommendations (first)  epidemic impact four quarters, raw materials rises impact profit
In 2021, the company collected $30,167 million, an increase of 8.67 per cent; the net profit from the parent lost $777 million. The four-quarter deficit was due to the effects of the epidemic plus the lower season of sales (46 pct), resulting from the adjustment of accounting standards and the rise in raw materials; the net gain was realized.
10 pc), due to a significant increase in the cost of raw materials and confirmation of the input of winter Olympic advertising. Business costs in 2021 amounted to $19,091 million, or 6.4 per cent.
Add. Net cash flows from operating activities increased by 22.00 per cent in 2021 as a result of increased sales and improved variety structure, resulting in higher cash received for sales of goods and services as well as higher prices for major brands.
By product, 29,673 million yuan (up 8.5 per cent) was collected in 2021 in beer camps, 84.60 million litres gross, or 3.65 per cent less, sold by the 2021q4 company, which is a recurrent epidemic, with 19,796 million yuan (up 14.75 per cent) in the main brand, Qingjia beer camps.
Sales of 4,329,000 litres (11.6 per cent increase), corresponding to a corresponding price of 0.46 million yuan per 1,000 litres (the same increase of 2 per cent) and continued optimization of product structure; sales of more than 52 thousand litres of beer in Qingdao were increased by 14.2 per cent, with other brand receipts of $9,877 million (the same decrease).
0.27 million yuan per kilolitre (4 per cent increase) and benefited from price increases and brand upgrades in Sakayama. Sub-regionally, 19.747 billion yuan (10 per cent increase) was collected in the Shandong region in 2021, representing a sales volume of 531.77 million litres (3.4 per cent increase) and a sales share.
The corresponding sales volume (3 per cent) was 93,000 litres (1 per cent less), representing a 12 per cent share. The East China region collected 2,792 million yuan (basically equal) and sold 9,052,13265 dealers, representing a net decrease of 1,152.
In 2022, the company will continue to promote “Aoshima's Beer Master + Aoyama's 2nd Beverage”
The branding strategy is to actively foster and develop new strategic and niche products. Companies will have the advantage of a production and marketing network that covers major markets throughout the country, consolidating and increasing their advantage in the base market and taking possession of emerging markets.
In addition, the company will build multi-state deep-connected, complementary, and altruistic cycling.
New heights for brand promotion, new heights for consumer experience, fresh beer, etc. New heights for high-end beer sales. Company-established high-end processes will remain unchanged, and product composition will continue to be optimized.
The company is expected to respond through direct or indirect price increases, and the product mix continues to be optimized, and the performance is expected to continue to be released. We see that the company’s product structure continues to be optimized and its management efficiency improved.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, the epidemic's consumption drags on, the season's sales fall short of expectations, prices fall short of expectations, raw materials rise, etc.
Sun Shanshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.