Sales are subject to short-term disruptions and structural upgrading is continuing. Food beverages, non-white wines, sales are falling by the same time as the epidemic, and structural upgrading is driving up the ton price.
The monthly epidemic has been repeated. The main brand has achieved about 1.3 million litres (+5.1%), the Sakayama brand has achieved about 83,000 litres (-12.6%), the company has achieved a 22-year q1-ton price of $4325/kl (+6.1%), and the structural upgrade is significant. The company has achieved a net return profit of about $1,126 million (+ 10.2%) in one quarter.
The increase in costs and freight costs has resulted in a slight decrease in the Māori rate and a steady increase in the profitability of cost control. The Department has been affected by increases in the price of raw materials and freight costs, with a 3.9% increase in business costs over 22 years. Cost is well regulated, with marketing costs falling by 5.48% over the same period, and marketing rates falling by about 1.25 pct-to-
The epidemic has had a short-term negative impact on sales, and a smooth marketing environment is expected to make up for the downturn. For 22 years, the company has continued to maintain a high-end branding campaign, focusing on the Beijing Olympics, and making full use of Qingdao's beer.
Brands and quality advantages continue to increase brand influence through a series of online and offline promotional activities. The beer industry has been on the rise since the warmer days of May, and sales in March and April have been low throughout the year. As the dominant market, led by the Shandong market, recovers from the effects of the epidemic, the company will gradually recover from the effects of the epidemic.
With a more stable external marketing environment, adding up to the rebound in residents’ consumption following the outbreak’s control exposure, it is hoped that the drop in sales caused by the outbreak’s control in March and April will be compensated for. Qingdao Beer (600.sh) – excellent structure, high level of profit stability.
Corporate branding and quality advantages are evident, with a long-term trend towards high-end certainty, and support companies are taking stock of sales in the Aoshima Beers-600600-2021 report performance forecast: a steady increase in profits in the context of a market where land collection contributes to the peak; and short-term, a decline in sales due to the March-April epidemic.
Qingdao Beers - 600600-2021: product structure continues to upgrade, high. Qingdao Beers - 60000-2021 mid-point evaluation: structural upgrades have worked well and performance is more than expected to release profit elasticity. We maintain the previous profit projections, which are expected to remain unchanged 2022-2024 ps
Qingdao Beers - 600600-2020 Quarterly Review: Performance down on schedule, Multi-Initiatives Figure 2: Qingdao Beer q1 achieves a net profit of $1.13 billion to the mother Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject