Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
Deepening the cloud transition, using the friendly development period of 3.0 with a high rate of growth in the income of the cloud business. Since 2016, companies have officially announced their entry into the "business Internet service" as the backbone of their user development of 3.0 periods, the company's business has been formed.
Cloud services, software, and financial services have been integrated. Cloud operations generated revenue between 2017 and 2019, and corporate intelligence has combined to boost demand. Business intelligence can bring business innovation, management change, financial embedding, ii upgrading, and so on.
On 23 July 18, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued a circular on the implementation guidelines for the promotion of enterprises in upper clouds (2018-2020). More than 20 provinces, some autonomous regions and some municipalities are following up. According to the statistics, the country ' s 22 provinces and cities plan to complete 1,416,000 enterprises in 2020.
The saas products have a clear advantage over traditional software products. Compared to traditional software products, saas have 1.
Ben and input, together with a flexible lease and a fee-based approach, can reduce the client's performance to 2. " Heavy-pound cloud products are active, cloud transformation is accelerating -- this is the case. "
The trend towards national production offers new opportunities to develop a market for high-end erp software. Sap and oracle own 53% of the high-end erp software market, and there is more room for national production substitution with leading erp manufacturers, such as friends.
As of April 2020, the company had completed the Nccloud, a++ and other products with China, and announced that it would raise $6.43 billion in public, of which $4.59 billion would be spent on the yombip construction project of the Friends Business Innovation Platform, demonstrating that the company would seize the opportunity to continuously increase industrial competitiveness.
Taking into account the impact of the epidemic and the company ' s new and abundant cloud products, our adjustment of the company ' s profit projections, the fall of the cloud policy in zhaiwei@gjzq.com.cn, increased competition in the market, the impact of the epidemic on downside risks in the economy, and equities
First, China’s Saas led the way in releasing new energy from the company, which has been at the forefront of the industry for 31 years, and its friends were established in 1988 as the world’s leading provider of software, cloud services, and financial services.
Using friends to focus on business technological innovation, to provide cloud services to business and industry clients, government and public organizations Products and solutions, smart transformation of service enterprises, and support for business innovation.
In China, hundreds of thousands of enterprises have contributed to the process of accounting digitization of Chinese enterprises: the period of Friends Development 2.0: the development of Asia-Pacific leading erp/management software, the provision of erp software to more than 2 million enterprises in China and Asia-Pacific regions, etc., has underpinned the development of information technologies in many Chinese enterprises.
(b) The period of development of friends and friends: 3.0: the provision of global leading corporate cloud services and the provision of digital, intelligent, global, socialized and secure corporate cloud services to global enterprises and public organizations.
In 2020, the company was ranked first in the Chinese Internet Weekly, “China Saas Enterprises 2019 top 100”, with the China Property Networking Industry, using the Alliance and Shenzhen City Networking Industry Association as the “Most Impact Networking Cloud Platform”.
Figure 1: Overview of 31 years of development using Friends Network 1.2 New strategic business layout with Friends 3.0: with cloud services at its core, software, financial services and development The corporate business as a whole presents cloud services, software, financial services integration developments, comprehensive service providers
Based on the original system of traditional software, rich financial operations, and robust products and solutions, the new generation of computing technologies based on mobile Internet, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, network of goods, block chains, etc., is based on the concept of a business innovation platform (bip).
A friend network was used to build and operate a global leading corporate cloud service platform, actively developing services such as marketing, manufacturing, procurement, finance, finance, manpower, synergies, and a massive expansion of the services of the Baas, with innovative business services at its core, and the daas, with data services at its core, for large enterprises, China, China, China and the United States.
In terms of the products and solutions of cloud services, software and financial operations, the former traditional software and gold-melting services are more functionally independent, while the cloud-based services products are based on the cloud architecture.
Integrated solutions in the field, industry-oriented, social-oriented, one-stop shop for corporate services and integrated applications with the help of a company ' s clients, with cloud platform services, business applications, industry clouds, cloud solutions, etc., in partnership with ecological partners
The company’s cloud services model provides services such as paas, saas, baas, daas, etc. to business clients and public organizations, with income from platform services, services to be used, operating services, information and data services, platform transactions, etc.
Figure 3: Overview of the use of the friendly network cloud service business
♪ Daas gold coat bridge ♪ ♪ saas ♪
nccloud apaas: enterprises, commodities, customers, suppliers, materials, subjects, organizations, persons, addresses, countries, banks, orders, co-ops, invoices, events, etc.
: smart factories, model algorithms, intelligent multistar robots adpaas: visual build, low code development ipaas: friends, open platform, apilink
gpaas: devops, container clouds, 1.3 equity structure: large shareholders have a stable shareholding and have a more concentrated stake in Beijing Friends Technology Ltd. (28.29% shareholding) and Shanghai Friends Science and Technology Advice limited, respectively
The company held 12.04% of the shares, and Mr. Wang Wenking was the owner of the two major holding shareholders. Mr. Wang Wenking, the current chairman of the Friends Network, indirectly held more than 33% of the shares in the company.
The company's provincial and municipal branches, as well as its international affiliates, provide standard products and services for the automotive, financial, tobacco, electricity and telecommunications, catering, etc., by the company's controlling subsidiaries (e.g., alumni medicine, alumni energy, alumni cars, etc.)
The company's cloud service operations for micro-enterprises are provided by the company's holding subsidiary, the company's treasury management and government financial management business, by the company's controlling subsidiary, and by the company's controlling subsidiary, the company's friends in the government business.
(b) Internet Intruding Information Services (IFIS) operations are provided by the Friends of the Company Holdings subsidiary:
Corporate integrated services for social chemical industries are provided by the company's controlling subsidiary, Payfors. 1.4 Performance status: cloud operations have seen high income growth and overall income is robust. Since 2016, companies have officially announced their entry into the main business of “enterprise Internet services”.
After the development of the 3.0 period, revenues from cloud operations grew at a high rate between 2017 and 2019, and total revenues from cloud operations grew steadily, reaching $8.51 billion in 2019, an increase of 10.46 per cent over the same period.
Delays in project delivery, business negotiations, etc. for corporate software business, and the suspension of micro-enterprises' business difficulties The procurement of software from the company resulted in a decrease of 13.06 per cent in total business income and a decrease of 389.6 per cent in net profit from the home. Corporate cloud services operations can help business clients to mitigate the impact of the epidemic and support businesses to use online.
As a result, cloud operations continued to achieve high incomes of 74.4% in 2020q1. Net interest rates grew steadily in 2016-2019, and in 2020 q1 was cost 1.38% due to the new coronary pneumonia epidemic.
The delay in moving forward and the decline in revenues, but the cost of which remains rigid, has resulted in a company ' s management cost of 2020q1 of 49.92 per cent, a sales cost increase to 21.37 per cent and a financial cost increase to 3.29 per cent.
2.1 As the number of businesses is growing intellectually, the acceleration of the epidemic’s spending on China’s IT and cloud services continues to be insufficient, and the 20-year epidemic has contributed to the negative growth of cloud services. The 2019 report of the National Association of Software and Services Companies of the United States (nasscom) shows that the United States is the world.
The largest cloud market in the world, where it spends 4.7% of its gdp, 11.4% of which is spent on public cloud services, while China spends only 1.4% of its gdp and only 2.7% of its total amount is spent on public cloud services.
China’s cloud service spending will grow in reverse 19%, as the new crown epidemic continues to boost, and will be the bright spot in 2020. The intellectualization of the number of enterprises means the introduction of a new generation of digital and intelligent technologies, such as cloud computing, big data, ai, etc.
The intellectualization of the number of enterprises can bring business innovation, management change, financial embedding, etc., and achieve income growth, cost reduction, efficiency improvement, quality improvement, risk control, etc.
• Overall, the financial management of our enterprises is better informed, while human resources management, production management, customer relationship management and logistics distribution management are less informative. Informationization is an important means of integrating internal and external resources, improving management efficiency and improving the competitiveness of the enterprise’s market.
According to the Fourth National Economic Survey, as of 2018, 951,000 of the country ' s 985,000 enterprises of more than size applied computerized management in the production process, accounting for 99.5 per cent of the enterprises surveyed.
Financial management information, 32.8 per cent of enterprises, information on human resources management; 43.8 per cent of enterprises surveyed, information on acquisition and distribution management, 18.0 per cent of enterprises surveyed, information on production and manufacturing management; 31.4 per cent of enterprises surveyed, business support activities
Relationship management informs, with 10.5% of businesses implementing logistics distribution management. For businesses, IT requires complex self-built housing structures, high technical requirements, high costs, and uncertain future benefits.
Figure 11: General informationization of our enterprises in the Fourth National Economic Census
Qualified construction industry with master contracting, professional contracting or sub-contracting of services
Distributive management information has been implemented, but not stock management information has not been made available The wholesale and retail trade has been restricted to more than $20 million a year in gross operating income
The previous wholesale trade, the annual principal business income of $5 million and above, the legal entities in the retail trade, the accommodation and catering industry above the limit: the annual principal business income of $2 million and above, the legal entities in the accommodation and catering industry.
• Real estate development business: a corporate entity in all real estate development business.
Logistics distribution management infomization = no manufacturing management infomization of logistics distribution management
On July 23, 2018, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued a report on the increase in the number of workers in priority services: 50 and more workers at the end of the year, with an annual operating income of 10 million yuan and more.
Since then, more than 20 provinces, some autonomous regions and some municipalities have issued the Plan of Action for Promoting the Development of Enterprises in Upper Clouds (2018-2020), which is planned in detail in each province and municipality.
The general objectives of the company are as well as the means of implementation, of which Zhejiang province plans to reach 400,000 enterprises throughout the province by 2020, with the highest level of achievement for the provinces and municipalities. According to incomplete statistics, 22 provinces and cities of the country plan to complete 1,416,000 enterprises by 2020.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are a priority for the government in 2020 and are also important for SME business managers: large enterprises with high levels of capacity and information, small and medium-sized enterprises with weak cash flows and weak overall resilience to risk. Resource, capacity, strategic vision, etc., have greatly weakened SMEs in this case.
In the post-epidemiology era, small- and medium-sized enterprises have been promoted to improve their managerial efficiency, R & D efficiency, and production efficiency.
▪ On 21 April 2020, the Ministry of Information and Communications Technology issued a publication entitled " Digitalized SME enabling services products and activities for SMEs " .
The Recommended Directory (first issue) circular calls for the screening of 137 service products and activities in 8 major categories and 118 service providers to inform SMEs, with the use of the Friends Network Smart Industries Internet Platform and Yosuite products.
2.2 The advantage of a product of saas over a traditional software product is clear, with a high potential for ease of use Cloud computing is an Internet-based model of resource delivery and use, i.e., suppliers or cloud service providers provide dynamic, easy to expand, and often non-existent, customers via the Internet.
Resources that have been developed. That is, they need to be ready-to-use, flexible and flexible is the most prominent advantage of cloud computing, and cloud service consumers can quickly access accessible, easy and needed web access and access a configured pool of computing resources (resources refer to networks, servers, storage, applications) with little input into management.
Software, services, and finally fees are paid for use. By US national standards, there are three modes of services for cloud computing: infrastructure (infrastructureasservice, laas), platform (platformasasservice, Paas), and software (sftwareasa)
A software service provider is a model of all the network infrastructure facilities and software and hardware operating platforms required for the enterprise to be computerized.
This model is highly flexible, highly reliable, robustly extended, and significantly lowers the maintenance costs and inputs of clients.
This flexible leasing and volume-based payment can also reduce the operating costs of clients. The saas architecture is commonly measured by three characteristics: configurable, multi-user efficiency, and scalability: configurable: each client can configure the appearance and behaviour of the application using metadata, while at the same time insuring it.
Capability to apply simple and zero-cost devices: Multi-user efficiency: refers to the ability to maximize the sharing of resources between different users while at the same time completing the differentiation between different user data:
Scalability: refers to the ability to maximize parallelity, thereby making more efficient use of applied resources. In line with the three characteristics of saas configuration, multi-user efficiency and scalability, saas level 4 to maturity 1: the lowest maturity model, i.e. program provider (applicabilityservice) can be established
(a) Provider mode, where each user runs a different example and uses a stand-alone database actual case and application server example;
Vendors provide the same examples to different users, but users are flexible enough to configure their own needs for maturity : this level of maturity model relative maturity increases multi-user efficiency. Multiple tenants share the same operating example, which is consistent with the Saas concept from the business model and can be distributed
The scale effect of the wavesaas application iv: this level of maturity model has increased the limitless expansion of the relative maturity ii. The manufacturer has increased the number of intermediate dispatch layers to serve different clients in a load-balanced server cluster.
Under this model, renters can grow indefinitely, and hardware equipment can grow indefinitely.  cloud-based technologies can remove barriers to organizational collaboration and shorten the implementation cycle.
Technical systems and methodology. Cloud indicates that the application is located in a cloud, not in a traditional number.
Clouds contain four main elements, namely, microservices, devops, continuous delivery, and containerization, and so on.
The combination of technology and business management methods. High-convergence, pine-coupled micro-service architecture, abstraction of the high-polymerization of each service module and loose coupling between modules, so that software upgrades, extensions, and frequent updates do not affect users. Container technology, and micro-services and what they need.
All configurations, dependencies and environmental variables are packaged into a container mirror that can easily be transplanted to a completely new server node, without the need to reconfigure the environment to effectively address cross-coated environmental consistency, shorten application delivery cycles, and remove barriers to organizational collaboration.
Technologies create synergies between development and transport. Cloud-based technologies allow software to be easily deployed in different environments of public, private, and mixed clouds. Use a friend-saas product development path: nc to ncc to yonbip (large enterprise), u8 to u8
u8c to yonsuite (medium-sized enterprises)  to large enterprise cloud products: from nc to ncc to yonbip, the friendly nc series products are solutions and professional services for large enterprises such as groups.
From the launch of the first generation of nc product ncv1.0 in 1997 to its upgrading to the second generation of nc in 2000 to include, inter alia, hhr, supply chain and so on, a comprehensive erp solution to the enterprise integrity of the group; and the launch of the nc generation 3 product nc6 to the present date in November 2011, with a series of nc products from
Upgrades to corporate management informs platforms. nc focuses on the core business of the enterprise, which includes: finance and shared services, human resources management, digital marketing and o2o, smart manufacturing, business analysis, etc. to help the enterprise upgrade its management transformation.
From nc to nccloud software products, the first exploration for clouding. In 2016, friends started the 3.0 strategy, entering a new era of integrating cloud services, software, and financial services at the core.
An upgrade to nccloud. nccloud, with a comprehensive application of the state-of-the-art mix cloud rack, supports a flexible deployment model for private, publicly owned and exclusive clouds, including digital innovation products for 18 large enterprises, and offers best practice solutions covering 14 major industries.
But because it uses traditional cloud +-end structures, it is less cloudy, and saasization uses a friendly business innovation platform based entirely on cloud-based technologies. In August 2020, yonbip launched a yonbip for growth, large enterprises, and mega-enterprises.
. yonbip uses new architectures such as cloud logs, microservices, centralization, digital separation, and builds a platform of technology, medium-level operations, data hubs, smart mediums, iuap, which brings together marketing clouds, purchasing clouds, making clouds, supply chain clouds, financial clouds, finance.
Eight saas fields, including cloud, human cloud, and synergizing, provide microservice application clusters for businesses. Paas+saas integration reduces the costs of deploying, applying and operating the company's IT, making business innovation simple, popular, social, and accessible to users on the platform.
The release of yonbip marks the second stage of implementation of the alumni 3.0 strategy, where cloud services move from a product service model to a platform service model. At the same time, yonbip is the core product and service of the alumni 3.0 strategy.
Medium-sized enterprise cloud products: from u8 to u8clud to yonsuite u8 products for more than 20 years.
More than a dozen versions have been updated in more than 20 years. u8 product lines mainly meet the management needs of medium-sized enterprises.
u8cloud is the first cloud-up product that was launched in the friendly 3.0 era. u8cloud was launched in 2017. u8cloud is the first cloud-up product that was first launched in the friendly 3.0 year.
u8cloud is a new generation of cloud-based products, through cloud mode, low-cost, rapid deployment, rent-by-lease to help companies save their hard and softness.
The user yonsuite has reached the level of saas maturityiv, with standardized, configured, multi-user, high performance, unlimited capacity to expand the system, and is extremely user-friendly for the client and for the company.
yonsuite, based on a cloud-based structure, provides companies with integrated cloud services such as “marketing, manufacturing, purchasing, finance, manpower, office, and platform.” In addition to the advantages of the above-mentioned saas products, yonsuite also has high security, globalization, and high security.
Ecology has three characteristics. In terms of security, friends yonsuite have obtained global top-level certifications such as cloud computing architecture, credible cloud, djbh, 27001: from a global perspective, multinational enterprises do not need secondary investment in infrastructure, and services go with customers across the globe and across borders.
Auto-exploitation of camps; eco-development, embedding, integrated development of multiple ecological coverage, open, integrated, mutually beneficial industrial resource links to enterprises, online partner services, data services, social services, financial services, etc.
2.3 A hot tide of cloudtops, using friends from iuaap to yonbuild to build a solid Paas rooting enterprise resource plan (enterpriseresourcesourceplanning, acronym erp) is a large modular, integrated process-oriented system that integrates enterprise internal financial accounting, manufacturing, promotion and marketing
In 1990, gartner’s study, erp: next generation mrpii, introduced the erp concept for the first time. erp, a management system that is now widely recognized and applied, has evolved into business modernization.
Traditional erp applications are clearly flawed: high costs, long installation cycles, high maintenance requirements, and difficulties of upgrading. From the perspective of traditional erp upgrades, in general, due to the complexity of the enterprise’s business structure, erp
The complex design and long implementation cycle, which usually takes years to upgrade after a system has been implemented, often leaves the erp systems that enterprises are using behind the new technologies in the market. In enterprise development, different erp subsystems are created within the enterprise, and these subsystems are likely to be developed.
The complexity of the overall upgrade is very high. This also creates a need for the enterprise: to make available the existing software and infrastructure.
The erp architecture is partially migrated to the cloud platform, both to maintain the current system ' s functioning intact, to enable the existing erp system to enjoy the advantage of the cloud platform, and to enable business modules of the enterprise to be connected, synergized and shared, and to address the data silo problem that exists in the traditional erp system.
Since 2015, companies such as Alibaba, Dripi, and Kyundong have launched a strategy to share services in business, data, and technology resources. Traditional enterprises typically use simple-motivated chimney systems, i.e., each line of business.
The functions of these lines are often repetitive, such as Ali's scavenger business and Skycat business base are electric traders, and drop-and-drop cars, cars, and drivers are operational. Businesses use different business lines of the same nature.
The model operated by an independent team is essentially a duplication of development, a duplication of dimensions, a duplication of investments, while the medium-stage strategy is to abstract resources of commonality to the centre, allowing the different front desk to share the centre’s resource services. The use of the erp product is essentially a cutting-edge information management knowledge and experience manufacturer.
The process of managerial innovation and reform of enterprises: By its nature, cloud products are a business model that integrates resources (false), so that Yunerp has the natural advantage of implementing medium-level strategies.
Center structure, chimney structure, c user group
b User group. b User group. c User group.
Common resources abstract b Operations c Operations c
b Operations c Operations b Team b
Team c. Technology b. Technology c.
The ioap is based on a medium-stage strategy and is the cornerstone of the digitized business infrastructure platform, supported by the core value 3+2 and supported by the ioap, which is the three main mediums, namely technology.
Centre, data centre and operations centre, 2 refers to mixed cloud services and ecological services.The technology centre is a central part of achieving cloud-based architecture, including cloud development platforms, automated testing, container cloud platforms, service governance platforms, devops, distributed intermediates, block chains,
i, i, iot, exclusive cloud installer, etc., to provide clients with microstructure services, multi-end development platforms, smart data services, reuseable applications services, connection integration services and digital operation support.
Data centre, the data service platform (dataplatformasaservice, acronym daas), large data storage and computing platform based on open-source architecture, which provides basic platform services such as offline real-time computing, data warehouse management, unified search and data analysis based on business characteristics of the enterprise
Data application services such as stations, which provide a one-stop shop for enterprises with data-processing and analysis products. Business centre, also known as business platform services (businessplatformasaservice, acronym bpaas).
It also contains a wide range of areas and business capabilities built by industry teams. bpaas includes a range of norms, tools, frameworks, components and best practices that companies have accumulated in the company’s many years of cloud services, and are part of the company’s most competitive and valuable.
Mixed cloud services, also known as integrated platforms, i.e. services (integrationplatformasaservice, acronym ipaas). ipaas supports integration of front-end browsers with software portals, integration applications at business entry, process, service, data, etc., and preset open-box applications
A adaptor that can easily integrate rapidly with third-party products, harmonizes the entire product architecture, provides an integrated prefabricated package, supports the development, monitoring and maintenance of a full-phase visualization tool across the traditional thinking framework of an ecological service platform, positioning the platform as a service “multilateral” group.
Connecting cross-border networks between groups and enhancing enabling co-building among peer groups should be used to build “tops” for cloud platforms in an integrated and open form. As of 30 April 2020, the Soyun Market had broken through 5,600 partners.
A steady increase in the number of partners. Development of platforms (integrated development environment, development and design specifications, framework components and tools)
Capability support service, Capability Square, Capability Center.
APIlink Cloud Master Data Management
Cloudbpm Joint Laboratory udn
Service gateways, developers' centres, friends' companies.
Data Lake Service Governance Technical University
The container clouds, the joint research center, the cloud show.
Mobile Internet, Innovation Center, Incubation Base.
Laas uiuap was selected for a major project as China's autonomous Internet Open Platform for Enterprise Research and Development, supported by the National Development and Reform Commission's "Internet+" major project in 2016.
A lot of credit has been given to the industry, including Sadie's Adviser, “China's Internet Market Possession 1” in 2017, “China's Annual Plan to Compute Good Clouds”, and the Open Source Industry Alliance, “Business-level saas Service Awards”, in 2017.
yonbuilder promotes the public clouding of the platform by providing the enterprise with a full process, one-stop R & D deployment on the one-stop line. yonbuilder is a low-end/zero-code development platform and is an important part of the friendly business innovation platform (yonbip) and is used mainly to promote the public clouding of the platform.
Model costs are high, development lags behind the user's demand speed, and flexibility and agility is poor. Low code development achieves product loss through simple drag at visual configuration interfaces, product can cross platforms, multiple terminals, and seamless switching.
Youonbuilder combines containers, micro-services, service grids, and cloud-based technologies represented by serverless, which greatly improve the efficiency of product delivery and help companies save a lot of human and time costs. yonbuilder, based on cloud-based technologies, supports ordinary developers without a code to visualize.
Building apps, applets, h5 applications and supporting the efficient development of low-coded applications by professional developers
Full-process, one-stop-line R & D deployment, real-time four-drive architecture: “event-driven, model-driven, scenario-driven, data-driven.” Thirdly, national production trends offer new opportunities for development. 3.1 Markets for high-end product stocks are vast, and large firms continue to open up their national production markets.
High-end erp markets continue to be dominated by foreign manufacturers, with large stock markets. Users are among the top players in China’s overall erp software market at 40%, but only 14% in China’s high-end erp market, which remains vulnerable compared to the 33% and 20% rates in the cities of Sap and Oracle.
Sap and oracle entered the Chinese market in 1995 and 1989, respectively, taking advantage of the market before the country's producers had full wings, filling the demand for the erp system by the country's major firms. With the advancement of national production policies and the growing maturity of the country's production of erp software, the country's erp is high.
The outlook for end-of-market substitution is broad.
In April 2018, China signed a strategic cooperation agreement with its friends to share a shared market for corporate services. In 2019, China launched a partnership project with China, which was launched by the Chinese government.
Use friends as the first strategic partners in the company's application of the "Changing Clouds Partnership" to achieve a high degree of complementarities in the company's cloud service business: build friends' capacities in the areas of corporate cloud service platforms, software services, data services, business services, etc., to enable China's cloud computing platform, data
Banks, operating systems, chips are used in a wider range of programs and scenarios; with the power of hardware ecology, friends can extend corporate cloud services to government units and businesses that are in dire need of a national digital transformation. At 2019, friends became the only ones to get "Words."
The “Best Practices Partnership for Eco-Cooperatives” is a two-pronged, strategic-level partner for the cloud. Using friends and China to consider product suitability from the research and development stage, it is expected to be a corporate client.
By April 2020, friends had completed the matching of their nccloud, a++ and other products with those from China for the gaussdb database, China for the cloud, and China for the cloud.
Oceanstorv5 storage integration authentication, taishan server authentication, gaussdb certified by the library and completed the compatibility test for Hwa's cloud services.
In 2019, they released a new eco-strategy for the use of "integration" as the core of their friend's company cloud service, and announced their collaboration with the China Soft Association, the Chinese Electric Couphua, the People's Golden Hamura, the Dragon kernel Chinese, the Shanghai moxic, the Chinese original software, and the Chinese software.
360, Tang Gao-hung, Safety, Technology, and Sea Fitch, among others, co-sponsored the Alliance for Digital Autonomous and Controllable Services of Enterprises. Members of the Alliance for Digitally Autonomous Services of Enterprises cover the bottom layer of national chips and servers, national producers of communications technology, national producers of national production and operating systems, national producers.
Databases and data service providers, home-grown safety service providers, etc., facilitate further completion of end-of-life products National product adaptation and further expansion of autonomous control markets.
Profit projection assumptions and the necessary explanation: The company's main business includes software operations, cloud operations (excluding financial cloud services) and financial services
Section III. Operating income assumptions for each component are as follows: Software operations: software operations, i.e. corporate traditional software operations, covering erp packages for large enterprises, medium-sized enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, industries and areas, software package operations, solutions, technology and applications platforms and
Businesses such as professional services. In response to technological developments and the intellectualization of the number of enterprises, companies will accelerate the clouding of such software operations in the future and gradually convert their revenues into cloud business revenues, so it is expected that 20- Cloud operations: Cloud operations are the core business of companies using the friendly 3.0 strategy for the new period.
Services, software, and financial services are integrated and developed by building and operating the global leading corporate cloud service platform, providing cloud platform services, business application services, industry clouds, cloud solutions, etc., to business customers and public organizations. As government policies continue to advance and corporate cloud demand increases, cloud service revenues are generated
Financial services business: The financial services business includes, inter alia, payment services for enterprises and Internet investment information services.
Payment services, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years; IFS operations will continue to transform and upgrade service operations and business models in line with the guidance and requirements of financial regulators; other operations are expected to continue: other operations include Internet insurance brokerage, social chemical services, education
Businesses such as business and corporate financial management and government financial management. This business will remain stable over the next few years. Software business: company deep-farming software business has been in place for many years, products are technologically mature, business systems are well developed, 20-Cloud business is expected: as the company expands its cloud service market, companies will need to continue to expand their data centre regulations.
Financial services operations: In terms of industry averages, corporate payment services operations and Internet access to finance information, companies will continuously promote the integration of software operations, cloud services operations and financial services, and expenditure on development costs will be more stable, but corporate management models, distribution channels, etc., have matured and associated management fees have been introduced
The cost of use and sale will fall. As corporate income increases steadily, the overall cost rate is expected to show up gradually.
First, cloud services, in view of the high level of maturity of the company ' s cloud business, fully promote the saas subscription model, and second, traditional software business, which is expected to generate $4,301 million over 22 years of corporate software business according to software.
We are in the early stages of the digital transformation of our businesses, and most of the world’s top 500 companies are now leading in the transition process in China.
Intra-finance, government, etc., is relatively slow, which may affect the growth of corporate cloud services and increased competition in the market. Corporate software and cloud services face a certain level of market competition, in which clothing is in the early stages of the market and competition is intense, and more is expected as the industry evolves.
A competitor joins, with the appearance of a more competitive competitor or an unchallenged competitor who blindly pursues a low-cost strategy, which would have a negative impact on the company’s operations.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment