Friends of users, the cloudy future, focusing on cloud services, starting with the AY 3.0-11 era, friends networks are the world's leading companies and public organizations, cloud services, software, financial service providers.
In 2016, the company embarked on a period of 3.0 with cloud services, software, finance at its core. In 2016-2019, the company ' s business income was 18.50% cagr, the net profit from non-mother ' s cagr at the end of June, and the cumulative number of corporate clients in cloud services was 5.9726 million, of which the accumulated payers
In August 2020, companies released strategic-level products: yombip, a platform for friendly business innovation, and cloud services from product service mode to platform service mode.
The policy support, the cloud computing industry is in a high-growth cycle, and cloud computing is at the heart of the transformation of the industry in this round, and is a high priority for all countries. We have launched a series of policies, such as the Tenth and Thirty-Five National Informatization Plan, to promote the development of the industry.
According to China's cloud computing industry, which reached 129.7 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 34.1 per cent in the same year, and the country's firm's upper cloud index (2018), the proportion of the country's enterprises in 2018 was 43.9 per cent, an increase of 3.6 percentage points in the same year, but 56.1 per cent of the enterprises still do not use the cloud platform.
With the gradual recognition of cloud computing’s advantages, domestic firms’ demand for upper clouds will be released effectively. Active integration into China’s ephemeral environment, and a wave of domestic production of borrowing software, idc predicts that China will calculate its industrial investment space at $104.3 billion by 2023.
The company and China are increasingly working together to break down the industry. On March 4th, 2016, more than 100% of the world’s population of the world’s most developing countries, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, and the Middle East.
Research-Friends Network of National Dollar Securities Corporations (600588.sh): Cloud Transformation Initiatives for the Establishment of “Information Technology Applications: Sustaining High Growth” 2020.03.29
The new working committee, which is a historic opportunity for the credit-for-business industry, the firm’s commitment to research and development, and its active adaptation to innovation in the application of autonomous and reliable technologies, such as the national product cpu and the national production operating system, are expected to benefit fully. Companies are determined to move forward with cloud transformation strategies, and cloud services are fast-paced and long-term.
In 2022, RMB 96.37, 113.62, 13.261 million and net profit for mothers 9.61, Chen Tonan
The downside of macroeconomics, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, may lead to slow release of downstream customer demand; cloud service conversion has not advanced as expected: operational policy risk of Internet access to finance information services: brain drain, etc.
Soyuz Science and Technology Inc. was founded in Beijing in 1988 to focus on 32 years of business service as a global leader and a public organization, cloud services, software, and financial service provider. Companies take full advantage of technology-business linkages by providing multi-sector, multi-industry business services in marketing, manufacturing, procurement, finance, finance, and finance.
There are more than 6 million companies that have established cooperative relationships with more than 60% of China’s 500 largest enterprises.
During this period, the company will have as its strategic objective the construction and operation of a global leading corporate cloud service platform, serving more than 10 million business clients, bringing together 100,000 ecological partners and billion-class individuals to create a unique price for business innovation in China and the world.
Airline, popularizing the use of financial software, facilitated the accounting digitization process for Chinese enterprises: 1998-2015 was the year of friendship 2.0, and companies entered the informationization phase, represented by erp, to help them optimize their processes and improve their efficiency: 2016 to date was the time of friendship 3.0 and companies based on mobile Internet, cloud computing, big data, and the Internet.
A new generation of computing technologies, such as artificial intelligence, physical networking, block chains, through the construction and operation of global leading enterprise cloud service platforms, active development of saas services, significant expansion of the services of Baas, with innovative business services at its core, and daas, with data services at its core, supporting business innovation with operating clients and helping business clients to achieve their numbers
In 2020, the company entered the strategic development phase of 3.0-11 with the rare opportunities of intellectualization, nationalization and globalization, and will continue to deepen its strategic transformation on the basis of 3.0-1 with the aim of accelerating the development of cloud services.
The opportunities offered by the intellectualization of public organizations and the nationalization of industry, and the firm implementation of the Alumni 3.0 strategy to accelerate the development of industries and achieve a steady growth in income from the main business, a high growth in income from cloud services and a significant increase in net profits, with operating income of $8.510 billion, an increase of 10.46 per cent over the same period, and net profit from non-repatriation
677 million yuan, an increase of 27.30 per cent over the same period. After the start of the strategic transition deployment, the Māori sales rate remained stable and in 2019, the corporate cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) generated revenues of $1.970 billion, an increase of 131.62 per cent over the same period, accounting for 23.15 per cent of the company ' s main business and a continuous increase in revenue; and the software business realized revenue.
Of this amount, $651 million was paid for services, an increase of 319.12 per cent over the previous year, and Internet access to information services, guided by the continued sound operation and control of modest size, achieved $642 million, a decrease in the same amount. Cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) income doubled for the third consecutive year, with growth in 2019 compared to 2018.
The increase in the maturity of cloud products and improved customer acceptance of the “upset cloud” was evident at a rate of 5,972.6 million corporate clients in corporate cloud services at the end of June 2020, of which 567,700 were cumulatively paid clients, representing an increase of 5.6 per cent compared with the end of the first quarter of 2020 (compared with the half of 2019).
After 2016, as the company ' s strategic transformation moved forward, the company ' s roe (stretch) rebounded for three consecutive years, rising to 16.49 per cent in 2019. Since 2015, net cash flows from corporate operations have been on the rise, consistently higher than net profits from non-repatriation, reflecting the high quality of the company ' s operations.
Since its inception, companies have focused on building autonomous R & D capabilities, securing R & D inputs, and forming R & D systems, which have evolved over the years, into product and technology R & D systems in the field of intellectualization of enterprises and public organizations, ranging from platforms to fields, priority industries, and ecology. Over the last five years, companies have invested around 20% of their operating income each year in R & D.
Field, in 2019, companies continued to increase their R & D investment in cloud services, amounting to 1,644 million yuan, an increase of 10.6 per cent compared with the corresponding increase in R & D inputs and 19.3 per cent of operating income.
The project has capitalized R & D inputs, with a R & D capitalization rate of 10.58 per cent. In 2019, the number of corporate R & D staff was 5,184, 95 more than in 2018, with an emphasis on cloud services R & D. Figure 10: R & D inputs
Figure 11: Research and development personnel 28.35% of the total, the second largest shareholder, Shanghai Friends of Science and Technology, Ltd., holds 392 million shares, or 3.96% of the total stock.
The company was limited to 100 per cent equity, 67.52 per cent equity in Shanghai Friends of Science and Technology Consulting Ltd. and 76.26 per cent equity in Beijing Friends of Business Management Research Institute Ltd. Mr. Wang Wenking is the actual controller of the company. Since his listing, in order to consolidate traditional business development and promote innovation, the company has set up several subsidiaries, one from each of them.
According to the company ' s 2019 report, the total number of employees at the end of 2019 was 17,271, of which the technical staff was rejuvenate. In 2019, the company continued to strengthen the introduction of core research and development talent, recruited highly qualified graduates on a scale, and implemented a equity incentive scheme for newly introduced core cadres of staff, which will further promote the entire population.
Mr. Wang Wen King, the founder of the company, was born in 1964, co-financed with Mr. Su Qiqiang in 1988 the creation of the Friends Software Service, and appointed the Chairman and President of Friends Software Ltd., who is the current Chairman of the company.
He has been involved in the development of the business services industry and has made a positive contribution to the transformation of the Chinese software industry and the application of corporate cloud services. He was selected by the Central Ministry of War Operations and the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry as “100 outstanding private entrepreneurs for 40 years of reform and opening up”, and was joined by the China Association for Business Reform and Development (CRISD), the Internet Economy and the China Economy News Agency.
In January 2019, Mr. Wang Wenjing resigned as Managing Director, full-time Chairman of the Corporation, with a focus on a corporate development strategy and a product development strategy.
He was born in 1976, joined in 2000 and has been a sales manager, head of branch management headquarters, head of branch office, head of branch office, assistant president, vice president, senior vice president.
Since 2016, Mr. Chen has served as CEO of the company, led the team to strengthen corporate culture and values, made a breakthrough in the development of cloud services, and achieved good business performance. We believe that Mr. Chen has a wealth of work experience that will help him to take control of the business and practice his friends in the future.
Since it was listed, the company has taken advantage of the capital market, engaged in a number of equity incentives and effectively mobilized its employees, according to the Board of Directors ' Report of June 17, 2020, on the granting of equity options and restrictions to incentive recipients.
The share announcement, the company ' s 2020 equity options and restrictive stock award terms, was achieved on 16 June 2020, in which Mr. Chen was awarded a restricted stock of 3,333,000 shares, or 1.804% of the total.
The company has maintained a tradition of annual cash transfers since its listing in 2001, with 19 dividends, cumulatively 2.
The rapid development of information technology, such as cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, is having far-reaching effects on industries, and domestic firms are trying to upgrade their core competitiveness to face an increasingly complex business environment. Cloud computing is characterized by needs-based use, high flexibility, and high scalability.
In addition to upgrading it, it is important to bring about business innovation and management change through it. According to the report "The Digital Transformation Index for Chinese Enterprises " , published in 2019, my country,
A significant 9 per cent of the digital transformation of firms across major sectors lags behind overall consumption and the digitalization of the economy, and significant market space remains in areas such as cloud computing.
On 10 July 2020, the Ministry of Information and Technology issued the Work Plan for 2020 of the Industry Task Force on the Internet, which provides for the promotion of 400,000 enterprises on the cloud by December 2020, using industrial Internet platforms for R & D design, production manufacturing, operation management, etc.
In 2019, the Chinese cloud calculated the size of the industry to be 129.7 billion yuan, an increase of 56.3 per cent in 2020, according to idc, the global public cloud market is projected to be $280,606 million, an increase of 24.1 per cent, and our public cloud market is projected to be $19.309 billion, an increase of 56.3 per cent.
For reasons such as information security, companies have relatively low acceptance of public clouds, resulting in a lower than world average share of the public cloud market, and the market potential will be further released as our companies become more receptive to public clouds. Meanwhile, idc projects a separate market share of China ' s laas, Paas, and saas in 2020.
The share of revenue from services related to Saas is still low, and there is much room for development in the future. According to the China Business Utility Index (2018) published jointly by the Corporation and the National Centre for Industrial Security and Development Studies and the Alliance for Integrated and Innovative Services, 43.9% of the country’s enterprises were in 2018, compared to 2017.
40.3 per cent overall up by 3.6 percentage points, but 56.1 per cent of enterprises still do not use the cloud platform, and strong demand for the cloud is expected in future countries. 2.2 Baselines are more mature and base development is solid.
According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communication Technology, the market of Laas, the base of our cloud computing market, developed more maturely, reached 45.3 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 67.4 per cent in comparison with the public market of Yun Laas, which is expected to continue to rise, as a result of policies such as new infrastructure. Aliyun has a significant competitive advantage in terms of the share of producers, accounting for 36.7 per cent.
The share of the market is the highest in the public market for cloud laas, which accounts for 12.8% and 11.4%, respectively. Our service provider for laas is already in the early stages of scale, with a high degree of market recognition, and a more sophisticated technology that can provide the basis for rapid development and deployment for Saas applications.
Building on its market advantages, business has launched strategies such as the “saas service accelerator” and the “kilo-show” strategy to support the growth of gasaas service providers. Ariyun was created in 2009 as the leading global company for cloud computing and artificial intelligence technology, in over 200 countries.
In January 2017, Aliyun became the global designated cloud service provider for the Olympic Games. Currently, Aliyun has 63 available areas in 21 geographical regions around the world, with over 10,000 partners and over 100,000 clients.
At the income end, Aliun maintained a high rate of growth, with operating income of $40.16 billion in 2020 and is still in deficit as a new business, with a profit rate of -4 per cent after the adjustment in 2020.Tynjun officially opened up to society in September 2013 and now has 27 geographical openings for global infrastructure.
The region, operating 54 available areas, has contributed to the success of 100,000+ SMEs. Geographical expansion is a top priority of the global landscape, which is expected to continue to expand over the next few available areas in 2020, providing more businesses and entrepreneurs with a global cloud computing, cloud data, and cloud-operated services experience.
The content distribution network (cdn) provides users with access to content by posting site content to large acceleration nodes across the globe, avoiding network instability due to network congestion, trans-operator, trans-geographical, cross-border, high-level problems of late access, effectively increasing download speed, reducing response time, and providing fluid user experience.
The Yuncdn resource reserves cover 50+ countries and regions around the world, with a full web bandwidth of 120 tbps+. China contains 1,100+ acceleration nodes, covering mobile, connectivity, telecommunications and dozens of small operators, and China ' s overseas 1,000+accelebrator figure 20: distribution of nodes outside China.
2.3 According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communication Technology, in 2019, our public market in Yunsaas was 19.4 billion yuan, an increase of 34.2 per cent over the previous year, with a more stable rate of growth and a gap between the maturity of the global market as a whole ($10.95 billion)
In addition to using friends’ networks, in the domestic market, Golden Fluttershy International is also involved in saas-related business. Golden Fluttershy International was founded in 1993, and multi-collar cloud service products are favoured by the label companies, including Golden Fluttershy.
Digital symbiotic platforms, Golden Fluorescent Clouds (Growing Enterprise Digital Platform), Golden Fluorescent Clouds (Microbusinesses for Long Service Platforms), Cloud House (Intelligent Synergy Clouds), Pipeline Clouds (Enterprise Power Vendors for Cloud Service Platforms), Automotive Compliments (Car Industry Clouds) and My Family Clouds (Property Industry Clouds) have been worldwide through software and cloud management.
Golden Fluttershy International has worked strategically with Yun Hua, Amazonaws, Aryan, and Tung Xing, among others, and has joined the Skyfleet Project. Golden Flute International has been well placed in cloud services operations, and has been growing faster since 2016.
In 2020, cloud services revenue is expected to grow by more than 60%, representing a 60% share of business income. From 2018, cloud services operations with friends’ networks were earning income from anti-Golden Fluttershy International.
The sap, founded in Germany in 1972, is a leading enterprise in the field of erp. The sap network shows that sap clients are located in 180 countries and regions around the world, covering 92% of Forbes global companies in the region of 2,000.
Sap has now integrated its business with big data and cloud computing, and cloud revenues continue to grow rapidly. Looking back at the sap’s cloud business transition, it can be seen that sap has been improving its cloud business rapidly through strategic acquisitions.
At the same time as the layout is actively moving forward with the cloudization of core erp operations, the overall layout of cloud service products has been achieved.
The market is first in the year as a whole, while in the country’s high-end market, the market share is 33%, and companies rank third in 14%. Because of the high dependence of large firms’ customers on foreign software, local producers temporarily have increased market penetration in the domestic market against the backdrop of the full start of new infrastructure.
The company, as a software manufacturer for long-term services to large enterprises, is expected to upgrade its position in the high-end product market through a new generation of cloud services, gradually replacing the international manufacturer system in the large enterprise market. During the new phase of the appliance 3.0 strategy, the company developed a system of corporate cloud services as its core business, cloud services, software, finance.
A new strategic layout for integrating services development. A company based on a new generation of information technologies, such as mobile Internet, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, networking, block chains, in line with the concept of business innovation platform (bip), fully exploits the advantages of combining technology with business by building and operating a global leading corporate cloud service platform to provide multi-area coverage.
Multi-industry enterprise services, including in the areas of marketing, manufacturing, procurement, finance, finance, manpower, synergies, platform services, digitalization, intelligence, high resilience, security credibility, globalization, socialization, platforming, eco-based corporate cloud services and solutions, making business innovation (including business innovation and management change) simple,
Accomplishment, popularization, socialization. 3.1 Full push for cloud services, sustained rapid growth. Company provides cloud platform services (paas) to clients and ecological partners through friend iuap, including development, integration, integration, etc.
The Soyuz market is dedicated to meeting the needs of business customers for one-stop purchases of business services and integrated applications, including cloud platform services, business applications, industry clouds, cloud solutions, etc., and, in conjunction with ecological partners, enables enterprises and public organizations.
The business model provides services such as Paas, saas, baas, daas, etc. to business clients and public organizations, receiving income mainly from platform services, application services, operating services, information and data services, platforms, transactional income (including a share of income), promotion of dividends from third-party plant applications and other value-added clothing
Figure 26: Cloud service business model. According to Sadie's consultant, companies acquired the Saas market, industrial cloud market, enterprise-level applications, erp software market, financial management software market, human resources management software market, customer relations in 2019.
The management of the software market, enterprise asset management software market, etc., is the first in many Chinese markets. According to the company’s " Non-public share plan for 2020 " , published on 1 July, the company intends to issue a share to no more than 35 specific investors, raising a total of $6,43 million in funds and collecting it.
The funds will be used for the Yonbip construction project, the three-phase research and development centres of the friendly industrial park (Nachang), the replenishment of liquidity, and the return of bank loans. In view of the evolution of the global information technology industry, it continues to accelerate, integrating the new generation of Paas technology platforms, 5g,
The corporate cloud service platform for artificial intelligence, block chains, public and key applications and services will be the focus of a new round of competition in the global computing industry, following laas, and the construction of a business innovation platform is imminent. The business innovation platform is an integrated service platform that uses the new generation of digital and intelligent technologies for business innovation and management innovation, including technology.
On August 6, 2020, a platform for business innovation with friends was launched, marking the implementation of the 3.0 strategy for friends.
Moving into the second phase, cloud services will go from product service mode to platform service mode. yonbip ' s low-code development platform yoonbuilder is directed to the whole ecology, including original plant development, asv development, localization development, enterprise self-building, personal developers, providing non-code and low-code visualization development capabilities, and closing
Combining development assets to achieve quick and simple application construction. In the future, business innovation will face a more complex environment, such as cloudy, multiend, etc., where yombip integrated connectivity platform apilink can connect any application, data, equipment, low-cost, fast, easy application connections and collections in a public cloud, mixed cloud, private cloud environment.
At the same time, we can easily connect business production, supplies, sales, and link business applications to the industrial chain, socialization applications, and full-scale business innovation. According to Gartner, in 2019, our enterprises will spend 2.7 trillion yuan on this item, corresponding to 2016-2016.
In 2019, the cagr was 5%, and the total expenditure after deducting the expenditure on communications services was approximately $1.2 trillion, of which the cost of software and IT services grew significantly faster than the cost of hardware. In the context of the digital transition, the demand for enterprise-level software services will continue to grow, with a new generation of cloud-based, saas-based applications based on market space.
There is an urgent need for a digital transformation of firms, and firms that have taken the lead in the digital transformation will be able to effectively upgrade their operational and managerial capacities and enhance core competitiveness. The construction of the yombep platform is expected to help companies complete the business transformation of the platform and take the lead in future intense market competition.
3.1.1 In response to client demand, the cloudp definition of multi-blank cloud company is the core erp+innovation cloud service, whose core functions remain human, financial, material, client integration, integrated applications, but through the open platform of openapi, it is possible to engage with external procurement services, marketing services, finance
Services, co-operation services, manpower services, financial services, etc., are closely integrated. Currently, companies are providing cloud products, mainly nccloud, u8clud, yonsuite. nccloud: In January 2019, companies launched large nccloud companies to address the challenges of the intellectual transformation of their numbers.
As an open, interconnected, integrated, intelligent and integrated cloud platform, nccloud focuses on digital management, digitalization, digital commerce, targeting 14 broad sectors, and 68 sub-sectors provide 18 major areas of digitization programmes, with a comprehensive intellectual transformation strategy for the number of enterprises in the field.
Integrating into Internet thinking and center-stage ideas, deep application of digital technology, reshaping of user experiences, re-engineering of traditional int structures, fully autonomous security control, and supporting hybrid cloud deployment programmes for large- and medium-sized and mega-group enterprises as a means of building digital marketing, smart manufacturing, evolutionary organization, shared finance, global treasury, digital procurement, data drivers, etc.
Business intelligence building provides strong support. At the same time, the nccloud shared service allows for business-wide sharing, which supports cost-sharing, receivable-sharing, payable-sharing, contract-sharing, fund-sharing, asset-sharing and master record-keeping, as well as seamless with business systems such as the supply chain and asset management
Integrating, integrating business, finance, finance, taxation, creating synergies and socialization within and outside the enterprise, helping the enterprise to complete its third-rate integration (business flows, financial flows, information flows), forming a closed management circle, eliminating information in the island.
u8cloud:u8cloud, released in July 2017, focuses on growing and innovative enterprises that provide corporate-level, corporate-level, corporate solutions that fully support multi-organizational business synergies, marketing innovation, smart finance, manpower services, building industrial chain manufacturing platforms, integrating friendly cloud services, and connecting, sharing and synergizing enterprise Internet resources.
In terms of financial control, u8clud can satisfy the new model of smart finance by sharing and transmitting real-time transactions and financial information with industry chain partners such as Soyun and customers, suppliers, and service providers.
Financial accounting, financial management, and financial analysis are more efficient. In group sales, u8clud supports flexible inter-organization relationships, easy flattening and platforming management, thus ensuring the accurate transmission and rapid docking of supply and demand information between upstream and downstream organizations of the supply chain in order to increase the speed of material and information turnover and step by step.
Younsuite:younsuite is an integrated cloud service based on cloud-based designs, with a layered structure that enables businesses to make transactions online, run online, manage online, collaborate online, and eco-net five major online service programs.
The greatest value of cloud services is fast-online, without deployment, open boxes; products are fast-paced, easy to expand, purchased on demand, and without the need to purchase the int equipment, at a low total cost, are the preferred options for digitizing growth-based enterprises. iuap5.0 provides yonsuite with a set of leading data architectures that will enable the implementation of the various functional modules.
Live calls and combinations effectively enhance system performance efficiency and user experience. Yonsuite, as a company’s representative product at 3.00 p.m., integrates ecological concepts and frameworks with the depth of clouds in China, and will in the future work to provide long-form enterprises with “marketing, manufacturing, procurement, finance, manpower, office, platform” to support enterprise-wide integration.
Cloud service packages for sphericization, socialization and commerce. Figure 31: yonsuite 3.1.2 joint partners based on yonsuite designs to build cloud markets
The Soyuz market is a professional market for corporate cloud services, dedicated to meeting the demand of business customers for one-stop purchases of business services and integrated applications, with cloud platform services, business applications services, industry clouds, cloud solutions, etc.
The “opportunity” forfor enterprise, “opportunity” for partners, issued a “optimal” policy in the market of Yun, aimed at selecting the best for the best in the firm and strictly closing each of them down.
"Pops" for the cloud market, which allows for technical support from the friends platform, expert support, quality of goods and products, so that businesses can get one-stop shops for fine clothing, card support, marketing sharing, and rely on the friends cloud platform for rapid primary development and up-to-date development.
Integrating solutions: Lines, integrations, integrated application programmes, commercial services and values for cloud ecological integration through the use of direct distribution agencies and distribution channels.
"Best" for distributors, "Best" for friends, the preferred product supplements the type and quantity of high-quality products that can be sold to meet the needs of customers.
The City of Merit brings together innovative products and high-quality partners in the area of business services, focusing on the upgrading of multi-digitized conversion applications and integration programmes, upgrading of services for distributors.
:: The Eco-Services Platform for Business Services, which promotes the transformation of digital enterprises. According to the network of corporate officials, the best ISVs currently in the cloud market are distributed throughout the country, providing enterprise software applications and services for cloud-based computing products, including, but not limited to, enterprise software, business services, industry software, enterprise applications, as well as production of Isv
The cloud market provides well-regulated services to safeguard the interests of users and to empower entrepreneurs with more products, brands, and marketing resources. As of August 2020, the Soyun market has reached 7,000 partners, and the products and services have passed 11,000, making it a leading business service provider in the country.
3.1.3 The leading smart industry Internet platform, based on strong mid-level capabilities, builds full-factor, industry-wide, value chain linkages between business and social resources, provides social-level trading services, synergetic services, financial services and cloud management uniforms
Smart platforms help to digitize industrial enterprises and promote production patterns and even commerce through open ecosystems, and figure 33: Business processes as a whole using the Smart Industries Internet platform
Socialization of transactions, operation of trade services, co-design.
App to develop iot service operation co-manufacturing
pm processes app operation
Separatemes app market lot
LOS lot Eco-Cooperative Operations
♪ It's a remote conveyor, it's a reproductive product, it's an industrial paas ♪
According to the network of company officials, the platform currently has 467,044 registered businesses with 571,253 links, with up to 1,981,826 active households. In November 2019, the Smart Platform successfully entered the list of the "Ten Cross-Cutting Industrial Internet Platforms in 2019" of the Ministry of Trade and Communications, making it one of 10 two-way platforms.
At the Global Business Services Conference 2019, the Smart Platform 2.0 was officially launched, moving towards digitization, networking, and intelligence. As of November 2019, the Affordable Industries Internet platform was successfully contracted with 13 provincial and municipal governments to enter the catalogue/resource pool of service providers in 30 provinces to promote cloud and digitization in industrial enterprises everywhere.
3.2 As a result of the cloud transformation, the software business is shrinking; The company has a long history of software business development and is able to provide solutions and professional services commensurate with the differences in the size of its clients.
Software products and solutions for medium-sized enterprises, software packages for micro-enterprises, industry-oriented and domain-oriented solutions and professional services. In 2018, the company formally developed a top global software maturity and software project management capability through the top cmi5 certification assessment in the global software area.
The company's software package operations for MSMEs are mainly provided by its subsidiary, LINK, which focuses on MSMEs' finance and management services, offers specialized meetings for MSMEs at different stages of growth, and manages software such as accounting and marketing, and uses standardized product distribution sales models, with revenue mainly from standard products.
Products support and transportation services. For the automotive, financial, tobacco, electricity and telecommunications, catering, etc. industries, standard products and solutions are provided by companies’ controlling subsidiaries, mainly in the form of product licensing, product support and transportation services, consultancy implementation, etc.
Financial services operations include, inter alia, enterprise-oriented payment services, which are oriented towards the enterprise-level market and are designed to provide easy, fast and low-cost payment services to business and public organization clients.
The latter is committed to providing professional, process-wide financial information services, creating secure, easy and rich Internet investment companies Internet access information services are provided by the former Treasury Department of Financial Services Limited for Friends of Shenzhen, a holding subsidiary. In 2019, the Internet access finance information services continued to pursue a sound business strategy and move forward on a continuous basis.
The company’s corporate payment services are mainly carried out by its controlling subsidiary, the Beijing Fast Track Payment Technology Ltd., in 2020.
On 1 July, the company issued a notice on the transfer of shares and associated transactions of the controlled subsidiary Beijing Express Payment Technology Ltd., which is intended to transfer 80.72% of the shares of the smooth and easy payment to the Beijing Fédération Scientology and Technology Ltd. After the transfer is completed, the company no longer holds free and fast payment shares.
idc predicts that, by 2023, $1.14 trillion in global computing industrial investment will be available, and China will calculate industrial investment.
The space of $104.3 billion, or nearly 10 per cent of the world, is the main driving force and driving force of growth in the global computing industry. In the face of such large markets, domestic producers do not perform as they wish, and there is a wide gap between domestic hardware and software products in terms of performance, ecological construction, and the same type of products abroad.
The country has continued to accelerate the development of the domestic IT industry, including through major nuclear high-tech projects, national priority research and development programmes, and the Electronic Information Industry Development Fund. The “Workforce Committee on Innovation in Information Technology Applications” was established on 4 March 2016 and is a non-profit organization initiated by 24 institutions involved in research, applications and services on key technology in hardware and software.
In the face of the strategic opportunities of the IT industry, the company has been actively working with China in recent years, with the ultimate goal of building a dynamic and mutually beneficial win-win pattern.
As a member of the platinum computing industry, China focuses on the development of the nuclear core of the platinum processors, bringing in the best talent and advanced technology of the global computing industry through strategic, long-term research and development inputs.
The industry leads in the construction of processing machines, providing industry with a green energy-saving, safe, reliable and highly performing computing power Upstream downstream manufacturers develop branded products and solutions based on processing machines, and systems software and industries should work with manufacturers to create competitive and differentiated solutions. Application development for hundreds of industries leads to the development of ict technology.
The technological innovation continues, and new industry leaders emerging in various fields will gather industrial power and dominate the development of the industry, leading to a global competitive cluster of computing industries. Hardware manufacturers develop branded products and solutions based on open server boards and pc boards, software producers based on open source oss and appliance.
Since January 2016, when the company and China signed a comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement and issued a joint corporate-owned cloud solution, the two sides have been deepening their strategic cooperation, with nccloud+gaussdb published in 2019 as a building block for both sides.
An important advance in the ecology of the pelican industry. On March 27, 2020, China opened the Developmenters’ Congress, which announced that 200 million dollars would be spent in 2020 to promote the growth of the platinum industry, which will continue to promote the deep integration of the cloud with the cloud.
As a leading cloud service provider, China provides secure, safe, credible, sustainable and innovative cloud services, supports the digital transformation and intellectual upgrading of enterprises, and provides support for diversified cloud services. To better respond to clients, at the infrastructure level, the company chooses the cloud to serve as the base, using the infrastructure capabilities of the cloud to help it.
Industry users innovate in clouds and reshape business scenes. Using the distributed oltp database gaussdb to support the three deployment models of single machines, distribution and two centres, they can respond effectively to the growth in the volume of well blow-out data generated by 5g, lot, mobile Internet.
The company digital application platform, based on friend iuap, is deployed for clouds, consisting of “3+2+1”, i.e. technology, operations, numbers, and, according to three platforms, a mixture of cloud and ecological services, as well as a low-code development platform, which provides strong support for rapid business start-up and industrial applications, enabling the simple, rapid and efficient integration of new technologies into business operations and their realization.
Zero customization, high reuse, and easy accumulation accelerates the upgrading of business innovation. At present, the migration of companies’ nccloud and China for cloud services, cloud services for cloud databases, etc., has been completed, and several commercial partners have used nccloud, based on China for cloud services, with good overall application.
To achieve a high degree of complementarities in business services, companies and China can integrate their technologies, products and services in depth, thus creating a better product and service experience for their clients. For many years, companies have maintained the idea of ecological co-existence, symbiotic co-existence with partners, historic opportunities for corporate cloud services, and companies will be connected more widely to different types in the future.
Eco-partners, working together to promote the growth of the corporate services biosphere. 5. Profit forecasting and investment advice.
In 2020, companies entered the age of 3.0-ii, and the yonbip platform was officially launched, marking the gradual upgrading of corporate cloud services from a product service model to a platform service model.
1. Software products: Software products are part of the company’s traditional business. In recent years, companies have stepped up their efforts to push for a change in the cloud, a change in business model and a gradual slowdown in the revenue growth of software products.
2. Technical services and training: the company ' s technical services and training operations consist mainly of financial services and cloud services, which are strongly promoted in the context of the AY 3.0 strategy. In the short term, the revenue from this business may be affected by the company ' s disposal of payments, but revenue from cloud services doubled for the third consecutive year and remained high in the first half of 2020
Growth is expected to continue to grow steadily, as downstream customers become more receptive to cloud services, and to account for an ever-increasing share of the main business. For the next three years, it is projected that technical services and training operations will grow at a higher rate of revenue.
By 2022, the value level of the Public Department was higher than the average of the comparable companies. Given the potential for future growth, we believe that the company will be able to grow.
The company is a global leader in corporate and public organization cloud services, software, and financial service providers, and has been actively engaged in a business transformation of cloud services in recent years, with significant results. With the accelerated replacement of domestically produced software, the company’s traditional software industry has accelerated.
In the medium-to-long term, the country’s market share is expected to increase. Corporate cloud services can be broken down according to business patterns into Paas, saas, baas, daas, etc.
The provinces are actively promoting related construction; in the case of Saas, companies have successively published u8cloud, nccloud, yonsuite and other cloud-based products with a full product line. In 2020, companies continued to deepen their collaboration with China, and the yonbip platform was officially launched, and growth is expected to accelerate in the future.
(c) Risks of operational policies for Internet access to finance information services;
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.