• On 31st of August 2020, the country's leading software and company cloud service provider, covering the first time a “buy-in” rating was given.
As the leading domestic software and corporate cloud service provider, the company is expected to develop rapidly with a new historical opportunity of intellectualization, nationalization, and globalization. We predict that the net return profits of the company in 2020-2022 will increase the revenue from the epidemic and will recover in the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, operating income was 2.95 billion yuan, a decline of 10.9 per cent over the same period, with corporate cloud services earning 750 million yuan, an increase of 59.1 per cent over the same period, mainly due to delays in the acquisition of some large and medium-sized enterprise clients, some micro-enterprise clients were cautious and slowed down their purchases, resulting in a decline in revenues, especially in software.
It is believed that with the outbreak under control and the release of the demand for downstream business procurement, corporate revenue growth is expected to pick up again in the second half of the year. . ..The cloud transition continues to accelerate, targeting large firms, and companies have launched a friend business innovation platform, yonbip, and companies have released low-generation products.
The code development platform, yonbuilder, has been issued as nccloud 2020.05, has been contracted to large integrated groups such as South China Air, Seal Steel Group, Snowflake Beer, and has been actively promoting national production alternatives. The company has released the V202005 version of the cloud service package for medium-sized enterprises and has signed on to Chinese medicine, Jiangsu-chung-fu.
For micro-enterprises, the company speeds up the development of eco-partnerships and encourages channel partners to switch to cloud services.
Youonbip uses new architectures such as cloud creation, microservices, centralization, digital separation, and builds iuap for core areas such as technology platforms, data hubs, smart hubs, application platforms, low-code development platforms and connecting platforms, for marketing, procurement, manufacturing, supply chain, finance, finance, manpower, synergies, etc.
The release of yoonbip marks the second phase of the implementation of the "Yonbip " strategy, from product service mode to platform service mode.1 The epidemic impacts revenue growth and is expected to pick up in the second half of the year.
After that, some micro-enterprise clients were cautious and slowed down the decline in revenues from purchases, especially from software. We believe that with the outbreak under control and the release of downstream business procurement needs, corporate revenue growth is expected to pick up again in the second half of the year.
Microbusiness cloud services generated revenue of $78.66 million, an increase of 73.8 per cent; large and medium-sized enterprises achieved revenue of $159 million, a decrease of 58.2 per cent from the same year, while company sales of Māori and net interest rates declined in 2020h1.
Cost adjustment rates include R & D costs) due mainly to the impact of the epidemic and a decrease in cash received for the sale of goods and services.
The growth in revenue of the 2020q2 company slightly increased. In the 2020q2 quarter, operating income was 1,043 million yuan, or 15.0 per cent more, and the return net profit was 77,055.59 million yuan, or 125,44 per cent more.
Figure 10: Māori ratio and net interest rate ring rises in 2020q2 and cloud transitions continue to accelerate
The code development platform, yonbuilder, has been issued as nccloud 2020.05, has been contracted by a number of large integrated groups, such as the South China Air, Seal Steel Group, Snowflake Beer, Jiangsu Heung Li optics, and has actively promoted national production alternatives. The company’s cloud service package for medium-sized enterprises has released version V202005, which has been signed for Chinese medicine and medicine.
The company ' s u8clud cloud erp product is highly recognized by its clients and markets, and its performance is growing at a high rate.
For micro-enterprises, the company speeds up the expansion of its eco-partnerships to create diversified, eco-friendly channels to encourage them to move to cloud services. The smart cloud finance application, which integrates the company’s billing and taxes, is high-end, well-connected accounting flagship, and enhances its smart cloud tax function.
New products, business online, client online, office online; release of the t30-year glory edition, the “Cloud Plus” model, which helps clients to have easier access to business data.
The country’s leading online and sub-line integrated cloud ecosystem service platform, with more than 80 cloud-based eco-integration products on the market, has seen rapid growth in the performance of cloud-based eco-integration products.
Youonbip identifies a co-founder platform of smart business applications infrastructure and business service industries with digital, intelligent, flexible, security credible, socialized, globalized, platformed, eco-based eight features that will support and run business innovations in businesses and public organizations, making them so easy. yonbip’s release marks a friendship.
The implementation of the 3.0 strategy is in its second phase, with cloud services moving from product service mode to platform service mode. yombip builds on new technological architecture based on state-of-the-art intelligence, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, gyronets & 5g, mobile Internet, block chains, etc., using new technology such as cloud logs, microservices, centralization, digital separation, etc.
Technology platforms, data hubs, smart hubs and business hubs, focusing on the eight core areas of marketing, procurement, manufacturing, supply chains, gold, finance, manpower, synergies, etc., fully support business operations management and industrial value chains.
• To promote innovation in the original development of the Isv; to bring together the products and services of the CMS through a cloud market application; and to bring together a wide range of clients and users to achieve the business co-generation platform and o2o of the BS industry through business operations; figure 18:2020 with the latest eco-business strategy
Core assumption 1: The company ' s traditional software business is gradually becoming more efficient and will be more affected by the epidemic in the short term and will remain relatively stable in the long term; the company ' s cloud business is in a period of high growth and is expected to grow on a scale; at the same time, firm financial operations are expected to remain robust.
Core scenario 2: The corporate business structure will gradually be optimized, the proportion of cloud business will continue to rise, and the company's transition will be measured against foreign clouds, and we expect the company's future Māori ratio will show a gradual upward trend. Core scenario 3: We believe that as cloud business rises, the company's sales and management costs will increase.
As the leading domestic software and corporate cloud service provider, the company faces a new historical opportunity of intelligence, nationalization, and globalization, and is expected to develop rapidly. We predict a net return profit for the company in 2020-2022 at 8.55, 1) the risk of a new crown epidemic affecting business development.
Greater overlaps still have an impact on the company’s operations, and hence on the achievement of year-round performance targets. (2) The risk of increased competition for talent. Increased competition for talent may expose firms to a shortage of talent or human capacity.