Business clouds serve the new blue sea, business innovation platforms shape the future, and the company’s network of friends is the leader of domestic erp software, with a 40% share of the city. In the last three decades, the company has gone through the financial software-centred phase of strategy 1.0, with the enterprise at its core.
At the beginning of the next three decades, friends face new opportunities for business intellectual transformation and nationalization, and corporate equity incentives are clearly proposed.
In 2022, cloud business income reached $9,837 million, with a 71% compound growth rate, and continued to grow at a high rate. We believe that the growth of corporate cloud business is mainly due to three major new dynamics: the new dynamic 1: the multiplier is smart, and the cloud is growing.
The current market for corporate cloud services is being driven by both supply and demand. On the demand side, the price of the company, calculated by the ai cloud, compares with the trend at depth of 300, and creates a technology-driven, policy-driven, mitigation efficiency and internal and external synergies of millions of firms.
On the supply side, cloudization activates software firms’ stock customers, raises their arpu values, smooths their performance, lowers their use thresholds, expands small and long-tail markets, and software firms have cloud power. There is still 10 times more room for China’s market for cloud services than in developed countries, and the size of the industry is expected.
By 2022, it is expected to reach $29.3 billion, or 30% compound growth in three years.
New Dynamics 2: to set foot on the tide of nationalization, to speed up the growth of the IT industry, which has recently produced more than 20% of the Chinese production by its operators.
Friends have finished matching software and hardware production with galactic quails, the Dharma database, China, China, China, and China, and have joined forces to create a national production and hardware solution.
New power 3: Industrial Internet booms, positive company layouts Industrial Internet reports for the third year in a row, and recent policies that have become a new building block.
We measure the size of the industry’s core Internet industry by 2025 to reach 12,400.
At this level, the technology-enabling melody - the depth of the industrial Internet - continues to promote its upper cloud strategy and the combination of cloud products in the industrial sphere, and to increase the contact rate of cloud products.
“Waaan Securities_Industry Research_Computer Industry_Incidents” Review of the interpretation of the GuangZan Capital Program, Car Networking and 3. Huaan Securities Industry Research Computer Industry Events
The growth of business over the last three years has been more certain, leaving aside the valuation of financial operations and using ps for the 2022 rating of industrial Internet release annual software plus cloud revenue. Corporate software + cloud revenue is expected to be $12.4 billion in 2022.
1) The spread of the epidemic in the country and abroad, the restrictions on business activity and the demand for orders; 2) the failure of the IT industry to move faster than expected; 3) the slowdown in corporate policy on the cloud, which is less aggressive than expected;
4. Increased friction between Central American and American trade. 1 road is 30 miles blue, heading towards the new blue sea for corporate cloud services, 1.1 through three strategic phases, moving from sector-level software to social-level services.
The company’s primary focus on the financial management system in the company’s first decade, the era of company strategy 1.0, was successfully launched as the country’s first financial statement production software, contributing to the rapid development of domestic accounting computing.
In 2001, companies successfully entered the capital market by placing themselves on the market. In the following year, companies outperformed the international mega-sap with 21.6% of the market, making them the first-ever erp software enterprise in the country.
In 2014, it became a success story of the company’s internal incubation. Figure 1 uses the three phases of the Friends Development Strategy.
Since 2014, the corporate strategy has entered the 3.0 era, with a new strategic layout centred on the use of friendly corporate cloud services, cloud services, software, and financial services for integrated development, moving from the sectoral to the enterprise level to the social level. The Department has launched a series of new products and services, which were set up in 2014 to finance micro-enterprises and provide personal financial support.
In the same year, the company launched an open cloud platform, iuap, and started working on creating a home-grown corporate-level environmental circle. In 2015, the company officially changed its name from "friends' software" to "friends' network" and marked the official "software" of friends, making a full transition to Internetization. In 2017, it was officially listed on the market with "friends' software" (Yunerp).
In 2018, the company launched the nccloud to cover the entire series of cloud products of big, medium and small enterprises. In 2019, friends officially upgraded the brand of "friendy cloud" under the flag to "friend company cloud service" and again clarified the strategic positioning of their corporate cloud service providers.
By 2020, the company’s 3.0 strategy was implemented into the second phase, namely, the Friends’ Strategy 3.0-ii. The company will move from a single software product to a diversified management of software, cloud services, and financial services.
I built on this to continue to deepen corporate strategic transformation and accelerate the development of peacekeeping and cloud services, resulting in the creation of a global platform to serve millions of businesses, bring together 100,000 eco-partners, and lead corporate cloud services. On August 6, 2020, Yoonbip was launched as a strategic-level product in the 3-0 phase of its friends, and yombip is expected to help yombip.
Moving cloud services from a product service model to a platform service model to truly establish the core position of a friendly social software service provider. 1.2 Build integrated, integrated, eco-based cloud service systems
The company’s main business is divided into software business, cloud business, financial business, and closed loops. The company’s software business is divided into various types of erp management software for large, medium-sized and micro-enterprises. The cloud business is divided into iuap cloud platforms on the Paas layer, core cloud package, various industries and fields of saas software, micro-business cloud and cloud market products.
Financial operations include the payment of businesses through smooth and easy access, as well as the investment of finance through the Internet, which is arranged by the amortized companies. The company’s current diversified operations have been able to cover the entire flow of capital, from enterprise finance (friendship agencies), enterprise management (erp and cloud services) to enterprise payments (facilitation payments), thus closing down all types of companies.
In terms of the product lines of the cloud business, the company began to organize itself in 2014 from incremental cloud products, creating a horizontal matrix product system that is two-way.
It covers a wide range of industries, including industrial clouds, construction clouds, car clouds, financial clouds, energy clouds, fiscal clouds, catering clouds, medical clouds, etc., and vertically covers a wide range of applications and scenes of enterprises, including financial clouds, human cloud, procurement cloud, marketing cloud, synergizing cloud, electronic invoicing, etc. Through a two-way layout, the company’s cloud products can penetrate all walks of life.
In 2017, the company launched the core cloud product, which was released to medium-sized enterprises, u8clud, and nccdloud for large enterprises.
In 2020, the company released a strategic product for large, large enterprises - a business innovation platform - which provides a solid basis for the company to build a platform for social-scale cloud services, and the company’s cloud-based product lines are being improved.
An integrated, integrated, eco-style business cloud service model is scarce. An integrated version refers to corporate cloud software that can cover operations both inside and outside the enterprise, not just finance and erp software. Through horizontal and horizontal layouts, the public administration has developed an improved cloud product line with erp at its core.
An enterprise may choose to purchase a single module or a cluster of multiple modules. Integration means that the company provides not only standardized cloudaas products, but also an open cloudpaas platform, iuap. Clients can integrate and re-develop products through the iuap platform, while the company is based on the iuap platform.
An emerging ict technological capability for data hubs (daas) and operations (baas) to help enterprises achieve business and number Ecotypes refer to companies not only having core cloud products that are developed autonomously, but also creating cloud markets in which third parties are involved, where their own products do not meet the individualized needs of their clients through ecological partners
In response to products that meet the needs of customers and enhance their viscousness, the development of eco-partners has also led to the development of ecological partners. Currently, 7000 partners have entered the Soyun market, 11,000 products and services have been installed, and the creation of the life cycle is beginning to yield results, bringing together in the future 100,000 eco-partners, billion-class individuals, serving more than 10 million families.
In our view, the core of the competition of cloud service providers is the competition of the ecological system, the use of friends through integration, integration, ecological cloud service systems, which have already taken the lead in the competition of future cloud service providers. 1.3 Founders have a larger shareholding and stable corporate equity structure
Of the top ten shareholders in the company, the founder Wang Wen King held a combined share of 44.28% and nearly half of the shares. Mr Wang Wenking continues to be Chairman of the company and is still in office, so that the company’s equity and management structures are more stable. Among the other shareholders, Mr. Guo Xingping, Vice-President of the company, and Mr. Wu Qingping, Director, are divided.
Do not hold a share in the user network through holding companies, other shareholders include Chinese certificates, two individual investors, dry port funds, private fund-raising funds, etc., with no more than 5 per cent.
On 1 July of that year, a non-public release plan was launched to raise $6.43 billion, of which $4,597 million will be used for the construction of the Yonbip project for a friendly business innovation platform, $628 million for the construction of three R & D centres for a friend Nanchang estate and $1,205 million for the replenishment of liquidity and the return of bank loans.
To build a business innovation platform, yonbip is expected to become a strategic-level product for the new 30-year friendship, to support the development of the cloud-based system, to connect the various fields of cloud and industrial cloud products, and to make the intellectual transition from enterprise-level rp to social-level rp to social-level rp, business-innovation platform-enabling enterprises.
In the process, business innovation faces multi-dimensional challenges, such as technological constraints, constraints, and technological constraints.
The lack of capacity to create, manage and operate digital business in the new business model, scale delivery, gain customer trust, and become an intelligent organization are all the problems that enterprises need to face today. Therefore, corporate informatization inputs need to move gradually from the previous enterprise resource management software (erp) to the development of business innovation platforms (bip).
To the social level, the bip will bring the technological base of the cloud, the data-driven factors of production, the creation of new engines of intelligent acceleration, the extensive internal and external interactions that will enable firms to move from intra-firm to socialization and thus empower them.
On August 6, at the Friends ' 2020 Business Innovation Congress, a new strategic-level product – yonbip – was launched, which we believe marks the official launch of the "Yonbip-ii" phase of the Friends Strategy, which will also help friends to move to social-level platform service providers.
Yonbip is a business innovation platform for friends, directed primarily at large, mega-enterprises, integrating advanced and high-usable technology platforms and public and key business applications, supporting and operating client business innovation, business innovation and management change, a digital, intelligent, flexible, security credible, socialization, globalization, platforming, ecological synthesis.
Joint service platforms. We believe that yonbip has the following main features: 1) four medium-stage capacity building intellectual base of technology: yonbip builds four medium-level capabilities based on the iuap paas cloud platform, encapsulating the various technologies and operations required by the enterprise to achieve flexible and flexible applications
The technology is based on cloud-based technologies, which combine packaging clouds, devops, microservices, diagnostic-vitation tools and integration to meet the needs of enterprises for rapid delivery, application of microservices, maintenance automation, etc. The data centre is based on data processing techniques such as data movement, data warehouse, big data and artificial intelligence.
The smart medium is the brain of yombip ' s ai enterprise, which helps it to be agile and lightly managed by automating its business processes through rpa robotics. It provides a social organization model for digital modelling of the business, socialized master data, the management of human assets by the enterprise, and the price of production and sale.
Value chain delivery of generic business component services supports yoonbip field saas cloud services and industry cloud services. (2) Eight main areas of cloudaas services fully support business operations. yonbip focuses on eight core saas services, including financial cloud, human cloud, synergizing cloud, marketing cloud, procurement cloud, making cloud, supply chain cloud and financial cloud.
We believe that the eight main areas of cloud cover all the links in business operations, and that many of them are cloud products in areas where friends are more mature, so that, by bringing together these areas of cloud products through yombip, they can support enterprises, industrial chains, digitalization of value networks, intelligent synergy, and business innovation.
Low-code development platforms and integrated connectivity platforms construct industrial ecology. yombip’s low-code development platform yombuilder is directed to the whole ecology, including original plant development, asv development, localization development, enterprise self-building, personal developers, provision of non-code and low-code visual development capabilities, and combination of asset recovery, rapid deployment,
Simple application construction. Business innovation in the future will face a more complex IT environment, such as clouds, terminals, etc., where yombip integrated connectivity platform apilink can connect any application, data, equipment, low-cost, fast, easy application connection and integration in a public cloud, mixed cloud, private cloud environment.
Supply, marketing, etc., to connect business applications to the industrial chain, to connect to socialization applications, and to contribute fully to business innovation. We believe that yombip is not only a platform, but also an ecosystem, through a platform of low-code and integrated connectivity, that yombip can connect with the various industries’ Isv, working with partners to serve their clients and construct an industrial ecology.
1.5 Equity Incentives are ambitious, and the next 30 years of sailing, and on May 20, the company released a draft of the 2020 Equity Incentives Plan, which sets out a far-reaching plan for the next three years.
At the beginning of the next three decades, in the face of new demands for intelligence and nationalization of firms, friends are gradually moving toward a new blue sea of corporate cloud services. By building integrated, integrated, and eco-style cloud services, we believe that companies have become involved.
Conditions for continued growth in cloud operations are in place, and future development is desirable. 2 Cloud transformations drive new growth, with high R & D output advantage 2.1 growth in a bottleneck, and cloud transformation opens up new space.
The rapid growth in corporate incomes since the company was listed, with revenue growth from $333 million in 2001 to the end of 2011, has stagnated, and we believe that, on the one hand, macroeconomics have entered the new normal, and the slowdown in economic growth has led to a decline in corporate demand for management software. On the other hand, the company’s market share in the traditional erp field has reached a high level, making it difficult.
Thus, corporate income grew at a single-digit rate per year in 2012-2015, while the traditional software industry began a full-scale cloud transformation in 2016, with rapid growth in cloud operations and financial operations, prompting companies to return to double-digit growth. The corporate cloud transition began in the area of incremental growth, with a two-way layout.
Industry, multi-dimensional coverage of field cloud products, while avoiding the replacement of core erp software, and driving the rapid diffusion of corporate cloud products. Corporate cloud business revenue grew from 117 million yuan in 2016 to 1,970 million yuan in 2019, returning to deep water, and, on the one hand, starting to clean up pre-existing industrial cloud and field cloud products, gradually focusing on a few profitabilitys.
In the second half of 2019, the company phased out its original nc product, making a full transition to the cloud, so replacing its stock software customers in 2019.
Looking ahead, we believe that cloud business opens up incremental space for companies to develop, and that, with core erp software, 67% of corporate income is expected to grow year by year, making it a real core driver of corporate development.
2.2 High R & D inputs continue, build product advantage of billions of yuan, and R & D inputs remain constant at around 20% of business income. We believe that high R & D inputs are high-tech clud, nccloud, yonsuite, yonbuilder, yonbip, low-code development platforms and others.
Business innovation platforms, and these advanced products help companies to further consolidate the glue of their customer markets, while at the same time increasing their substitution for overseas head software firms. Products are the root of market expansion, and high R & D inputs help companies to keep their products in the lead. So, while consistently higher R & D inputs in the short term erode the company’s profits, we believe that
3 New kinetic energy 1: Multiplier wiser, cloud-driven business development 3.1 Demand side: Multi-factor drivers of corporate upswing transformation Technology drivers: cloud computing and artificial intelligence technologies reduce business IT costs, improve computing, highlight data application prices
The cloud calculation, through virtualization technology, allows for a pool of bottom-treasuries, which will form a larger pool of arithmetic resources from a previously independent server, storage equipment, enabling it to be supplied on demand like water and electricity. Enterprises can effectively reduce the cost of deployment of it by renting it, while at the same time being flexible and scalable.
On the other hand, artificial intelligence technology provides a tool for deep data mining. Data mining based on deep learning algorithms can look for linkages between big data, thereby helping businesses to use their own data for production optimization, management process optimization, supply chain optimization, precision marketing, etc.
An artificial intelligence requires strong, flexible numeracy support, and cloud computing techniques match artificial intelligence development needs. The two complement each other, and companies can support data literacy and arithmetic, and big amounts can create more application value and virtuous cycles through artificial intelligence technology. Thus, technological advances.
It is one of the driving forces behind the intellectual transformation of corporate numbers. Policy drivers: Business top-level policies are perfect, and cloud computing is an important direction for new infrastructure.
In 2017 and 2018, the Ministry of Information and Communications issued a three-year plan of action for cloud computing (2017-2019) and a guide to promoting the implementation of the cloud in enterprises (2018-2020).
In 2020, with the impact of the epidemic, the new foundation was established as the main policy-driven direction. The Commission and the Network Office jointly launched the Implementation Programme for the Promotion of “Change Ideas” to Foster New Economic Development.
As an important component of the next generation of information technology, as an important vehicle for the traditional economy of ict empowerment, as an important investment direction in new infrastructure, and as a “upset cloud” that has been swayed by policies from China and local governments, it is expected to become one of the driving forces of the intellectual transformation of business.
Inner drivers: internal efficiency gains, combined external resources, are the driving force behind firms. Domestic macroeconomic growth slows, demographic dividends slow down, labour costs rise each year, and most Chinese enterprises need to move away from the previous crude development model of scale-based expansion towards fine-tuning management of internal efficiency gains, i.e., from high-speed transmission.
In this process, the analysis and optimization of the data on a large scale, through the use of up-to-date internal data, will help enterprises to achieve efficiency gains. According to the China Business Utility Index, published jointly by the Association of Friends and National Centers for Industrial Security and Development, and the Union of Integration Services, 19213 sample enterprises are counted.
On the other hand, the upper cloud also helps to synergize resources within and outside the company. Also, according to the China Business Uyghur Index, the higher-than-information differences in profit margins have resulted in a much larger increase in profits by paying a certain amount of overhead.
The overall centralized management of resources and operations based on a unified platform, global dynamic optimization, and the overall synergy of operations are significantly higher than that of uncoated enterprises, reflecting the importance of the cloud for resource synergies within and outside the enterprise. Thus, the willingness of the enterprise itself to reduce efficiency gains and internal and external synergies is one of the drivers of the intellectual transformation of the enterprise.
In addition to external technology, policy, and the driving force of the enterprise’s own internal dynamics, the saas model of software products after cloudization is also one of the driving forces behind the clouding of the enterprise.
The industry can pay monthly or usage fees to significantly reduce the cost of a one-time supply of the IT software, which is more powerful for small and medium-sized enterprises. On the other hand, the saas software supports the operation and interaction of mobile terminals, and the use of mobile terminals for operations, data collection and feedback when the Internet is highly popular.
The experience will be much better than the desktop terminal. So, cloudization can bring better product experience to the staff, and it also provides possibilities for off-site office, teleworking, and co-location. So, the post-coated saas product model is also one of the driving forces of the intellectual transformation of the cloud count in the enterprise.
The biggest difference between Yunsaas and traditional software products is the continuous subscription income. Traditional software products use the one-time delivery model of License, with subsequent maintenance costs.
It's low and hard to collect. Thus, income growth in traditional software can only be based on an annual growth of incremental customers. The publicly owned Yunsaas product uses monthly subscriptions based on usage, with clients contributing throughout its life cycle and thus helping to activate the stock of customers, who provide stability to the software enterprise every year.
Income support. On the other hand, access to internal and external data after cloudization, data cleansing based on ai big data technology, data storage, data mining, etc. applications will gradually be generated, cloud products are expected to provide more value-added services, thereby raising the arpu value of single users, and driving the new growth of software enterprises.
China’s software companies pay their clients downstream, mainly by government, and by large and medium-sized enterprises, so that the income and cash flows of the software enterprises are subject to seasonal fluctuations. Specifically, q2 and q4 recognize higher revenues, especially q4 revenue, which can be used throughout the year.
After the clouding, enterprises can recognize the income of Yunsaas products on a monthly basis, with substantial advance payments, cash flows expected to improve significantly, and seasonal fluctuations that help businesses smooth their income and cash flows. For example, the share of q4 revenues fell from 48% to 41%, overall consistent with cloudization.
Cloudization reduces the software threshold and helps expand the market for small and medium-sized enterprises. The clouded saas subscription model charges only a third of the one-time License model, significantly reducing the threshold for software use by businesses.
China’s MSMEs now account for 90% of the total number of businesses, contribute 50% of the total tax revenue, and the MSMEs market still has great potential for development. Cloudization has allowed software firms to expand from a large and medium-sized market in stock to a growing market in MSMEs, further increasing their softness.
The output penetration rate of firms creates new profit growth points for software firms. 3.3 China’s market for cloud services is huge, with large firms paying heavily, compared to developed countries, and China’s market for cloud services is huge.
There is still a significant gap in the level of economic development, with China accounting for 15.8 per cent of the global share of gdp in 2018, according to the China Business Level Saas Industry Study Report published by the Irene Consultation, while China ' s corporate share of global IT expenditure was only 3.7 per cent, and China ' s total economy grew rapidly in the past under a crude development model.
The overall level of corporate informatization, which is not reflected in business inputs, lags behind the world. On the other hand, the difference between China and the United States is compared from the point of view of corporate cloud services. According to t studies and Aryan intelligence studies, the number of registered businesses in China is three times that of the United States, but the number of enterprises in the U.S. is only 1/14, saas.
The size of the market is only a quarter of the size of the United States and the average unit value of an enterprise is only 1/12 for the United States. Therefore, we believe that, as the economy enters the new normal, the technology of the ict continues to grow, and the need for fine management within the enterprise, the share of spending on informatization by Chinese enterprises is expected to rise significantly, while the upper cloud is expected to become the main direction of spending by the firm, Chinese enterprises.
China’s cloud computing industry is expected to reach 29.3 billion yuan in 2022, with a three-year compound growth rate of 30%. According to the White Paper 2019 on cloud computing development published by the China State Institute of Information and Communications Technology, China’s publicly owned cloud industry is expected to grow in 2022.
By the same time, the global publicly owned cloud industry will reach $270 billion in 2022, with a three-year compound growth rate of 20%. As a result, China’s corporate cloud services market will be able to grow by 20%.
China’s market for corporate cloud services is characterized by a relatively high share of Yaas, and large firms are the main source of payments. Compared with the differences between China’s and developed countries’ growth in corporate cloud service providers, we believe that China’s current market for corporate cloud services has two major features.
According to the White Book 2019 on cloud computing, published by the Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the share of Chinese industry in the publicly-owned industrial structure is 62%, and that of Chinese industry is only 33%. On the contrary, in the global structure of public-owned industry, the share of the industry in the public-owned cloud is 24%, and the share of the industry in the public-owned sector is 64%.
China is still in the early stages of cloud computing, so the development of the cloud computing industry is still dominated by the construction of arias-based computing infrastructure. Only when the building of base computing resources adequately meets the needs of the enterprise, can it be based on its paas platform and saas application.
In the area of Yaas, China has emerged as a host of industrial giants, such as Ali Yun, and the construction of cloud data centres is already well under way. Looking ahead, the development of the saas industry is bound to rise after the foundations of the Yaas have gradually improved.
Structures are expected to converge with the world, so the saas industry has greater scope for development. (2) Large firms are paying the principals, but secondary development is weak, favouring a package of solutions. Small and micro enterprises themselves are less informative, and even many of them simply overstepped the letter, because China’s information development is lagging relatively behind.
As a result, many small and medium-sized enterprises (MSEs) are faced with more problems, problems, problems, problems, and poor use of the cloud, which prevents China’s micro and small enterprises from supporting the sustainable development of Yunsaas, which is the biggest difference between China and the United States in the development of the cloud-serving industry. On the other hand, MSMEs are still facing problems.
So, China’s most important source of up-to-date payments is still large firms. According to the t study, China’s most important source of payments is still large firms.
And, while large firms have a better information base and adequate financial resources, they still have less capacity to do secondary development in the face of individualization of complex business scenarios, and the integration of a variety of Yunsaas products.
In the procurement of cloud services, China’s large enterprises have more preference for packages of solutions and hope to achieve overall delivery from the Paas platform to multiple saas applications, which is one of the characteristics of the development of the Chinese market for cloud services. 3.4 Competing advantages of friends: products, platforms, ecology, customers
Product advantages: The company’s cloud products system is well developed, with the capacity to provide a package of solutions for large and medium-sized enterprises. Using the integrated cloud products system, it covers a wide range of industries, including industrial clouds, construction clouds, car clouds, financial clouds, energy clouds, fiscal clouds, catering clouds, medical clouds, etc., and vertically, the enterprise’s applications and scenes.
In addition to these standardized saas years, saas earned 73%, Paas 13%, Baas 12%, daas 2%, and corporate products diversified.
Cross-sales are now being made, thereby reducing the cost of receiving customers and increasing the value of individual users' arpu.
Products and capabilities are delivered centrally to clients for modular selection. For example, companies launch nccloud for large enterprises, covering 14 broad sectors, such as manufacturing, consumer goods, construction, real estate, financial insurance, 68 broken down industries, including digital marketing, smart manufacturing, financial sharing, digital procurement, 18 major solutions for enterprises.
It provides a rich range of application scenarios and product module choices. So, we believe that the ability to integrate resources with a multiplicity of friendly cloud product systems, and with the use of the intertorp package and the bip platform, gives companies a competitive advantage in providing a package of solutions for large and medium-sized enterprises in the domestic market for corporate cloud services.
Figure 23 nccloud product structure with friendly corporate cloud service platform advantage: iuap provides an open platform, yonbuilder reduces the difficulty of development.
Class saas products are being personalized on the client site, and in 2015, friends will release the iuap Enterprise Internet Open Desktop. Currently, the iuap has been overtaken to version 5.0 to provide a functional architecture for 3+2+1. "3" is the three midstations, which focus on business operations and enable reuse; the data center integrates algorithms such as data organization, governance, intelligence, etc.
Further exploit the potential of data; introduce micro-services, containers, devops, etc., in the technology center to provide enterprises with tools to develop cloud-borns. “2” is a combination of cloud and ecological services that help large- and medium-sized enterprises to deploy cloud-smuggling with the private and publicly owned cloud products of their friends through the iuap platform. On the other hand, it can be combined with third-party platforms.
“1” is a low-generation, uncoded development platform based on yonbuilder. Yoonbuilder is the company’s cloud-born Paas platform product released in May this year, which supports both citizens and developers.
It also supports the development of low-code efficient applications by professional developers. It can provide zero-code frames, unserviceable professional development, functional low-code extensions, and general terminal development experiences. We believe that yonbuilder has significantly reduced the difficulty of secondary enterprise development, especially in the case of low capacity development in large and medium-sized enterprises in the country.
As a result, the company relies on the open Paas platform, which builds the architecture of three main hubs, two services and a low-code, no-code development platform that can help enterprises develop personalized and customized products, with a level ecological advantage: cloud markets pool partner resources, saas accelerated plans to build industrial ecology. Self-research saas is being provided.
At the same time, the product and the open Paas platform were launched by friends in 2017, with the aim of bringing together the good Isv partner resources. The Isv partner can develop the saas product based on a friend's paas platform, and distribute the product using a friend's channel. Some of the excellent saas products with common needs are also expected to be added to the user's product matrix.
As of August 6, more than 7,000 companies had access to the Soyun Market, over 11,000 products and services, and the environment was emerging.
On the other hand, the eco-strategy has been actively promoted by friends, with the launch of the "Photo Plan" in 2018 and the "Photo Plan 2019" in 2019. In 2020, the "Photo Plan" was upgraded and the "saas accelerator" was launched.
By the end of this year, the Soyun Ecology Programme will have launched more than 20 selected deep integration products and services and 80 cloud integration products. At the same time, with regard to the Saas accelerator, in 2020, the platform will have trained 100 individual developers, 1,000 individual developers, and a friend technologists will have done so free of charge.
As a concrete landing of the saas accelerator program, in May 2020, a friendly China was used to launch the second corporate cloud service developer competition called "Both Grows, Saas Accelerator". The developers could be based on the ecs elastic cloud server for the clouds, the ei technology for the nectar, and the friend's.
Youonbuilder development platform, iTechnology platform, yonsuite package, a friend space co-location platform, apilink interface to create projects on the topics of field cloud, industry cloud, friendship space, Chinese Xanax saas apparition product, etc. We believe that a good corporate-level cloud service provider is not just a provider of cloud service products, but more so, that it should be used as an interface.
This is a builder and grower of cloud ecology. Friends are gradually building an ecological circle around their own product system through the ecological strategy of the Saas accelerator program, the cloud market product distribution channel, the yonbuilder paas platform, which will help companies to become more sticky, enhance the voice of the industry, develop faster, deliver faster, and become public.
Client advantage: Large and medium-sized enterprises are the company’s main customers, with more ability and willingness to pay in the cloud age. Friends have occupied a larger share of the client markets of large and medium-sized enterprises since the software age, based on annual investments in 2018.
Thus, companies have accumulated a wealth of large and medium-sized enterprise clients from the software age. This trend can also be seen in the revenue structure of the company’s products, which accounts for 90% of the revenue from the company’s software business, and is small.
Micro-enterprises contribute only 10% of their income (based on data from 2018q3). In corporate cloud business, MSMEs contribute 93% and MSMEs 7% (based on data from 2019). Thus, companies have a good customer base in MSMEs markets, and MSMEs also contribute to them.
From the data disclosed by friends, there is a marked difference between the unit price of the company’s large and medium-sized company’s cloud business, which is $98,500, and that of the small-engine company, which is only $1571. The company now has 841 million customers in the large and medium-sized enterprise’s cloud business, which is expected to be large and medium-sized as the company’s large erp product melts.
The number of paying clients will also grow rapidly, which will create a client advantage for firms to set up a market for company-level services.4 New energy 2: to set foot in the tide of nationalization, with the mega-clients 4.1 foreign brands still occupying a major share of the country’s high-end erp market
Foreign brands account for more than half of the country’s high-end erp market. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, friends rank first in the overall competition pattern in the domestic erp market at 40% of the market share.
The top three foreign brands have already accounted for more than half of the high-end erp market in the country. We believe that the rise of foreign brands has historical reasons, and that the product experience, technical experience and customer stickyness accumulated by foreign brands in the traditional software era is not in the short term.
Figure 26 High-end erp market competition patterns in the country, software clouding gives domestic erp manufacturers a good chance to catch up. We think that the transition of traditional erp to the cloud gives domestic erp manufacturers a good chance to catch up. On the one hand, the low-level irp base of the cloud age has been re-established, and ibm is no longer needed.
The ecological experience of foreign head brands built on traditional server hardware systems will be diluted as software is supported by single numeric servers, such as machines. Domestically, there are a number of internationally leading Yaas giants, such as Ar Reyun, Huayun, who are expected to provide a soft and hardwareit infrastructure from servers, databases, to operating systems.
On the other hand, cloud-based software products themselves need to be reconfigured, and domestic and international producers are on the same track in the development of cloud-era products, and the gap between their accumulated experience in cloud development and client practices is expected to diminish.
Moreover, because of the slowness of oracle in the cloud transition and in conjunction with the redundancies of the oracle regional R&D in China in May 2019, we believe that oracle’s competitive advantage in the cloud era, particularly in the Chinese region, is becoming weaker in terms of product development and delivery. So, the software cloud has given national software manufacturers a good opportunity to catch up, and has also been used as a friend, among others.
A new development opportunity has been created by the Ministry’s software industry. 4.2 The IT industry has accelerated, and a trend towards national production substitution has emerged, with the operator’s server collection accounting for more than 20% of GDP and the IT industry accelerating.
On the same day, China moved to issue an announcement on the winning candidate on the official procurement tender network, revealing the share and offer of the winning candidate, and we measured the total amount of the server collection to be more than $8 billion. The collection was divided into seven bid packages, including a calculator 1; a calculator 2; a balanced server 1; and a balanced server.
The winning candidates include Chinese companies such as Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese.
We're estimating that the two packages in the mobile collection are servers for the home-grown chip. We calculate that the server was 77.24%, the server 14.15% and the server 14.15%.
6.79 per cent of servers and 1.82 per cent of servers at amd. Overall, the ratio of servers to home-grown chips reached 20.94 per cent, which is also closer to the previous rate of 19.86 per cent in China ' s telecom collection. It can be seen that in 2020, the share of servers to home-grown chips increased significantly to around 20 per cent.
The start-up industry is accelerating.
On the one hand, the server, as the carrier of computing hardware, is the base of all other home-grown software, and the home-grown operating systems, applications and applications need to be done first with the home-grown server.
The server is therefore the cornerstone of national production. On the other hand, the current chip architecture in the server field is gradually becoming more diverse, with the emergence of national production servers based on arm, mips, etc., in addition to the traditional x86 structure, which has made the server industry more ecologically rich and is expected to move away from its dependence on a single x86 structure.
So, we think that servers are an important building block of the land. This midway, and earlier, Chinese telecommunications, accounted for nearly 20% of server purchases, showing an acceleration of the land.
Substitution of software and hardware products, and this trend toward national production has expanded from government to key information infrastructure such as telecommunications, reflecting the growing influence of the IT industry. In future procurement in government and key areas, national production of software and hardware products will be used as a planb, with a significant share of the final suppliers expected to boost the country.
4.3 The main force of substitution for domestic production is still government and large state-owned enterprises, and therefore, the user has since released the cloudp package for large enterprises nc
In May 2019, ncc completed the match with the Galaxy operating system; in July 2019, ncc completed the match with the Dream database; in March of that year, ncc completed the match with the flyer processor.
On July 23, 2019, China launched a summit for the development of the Chinese computing industry, which launched the "Change Clouds Project" and used friends to become "Cluster Clouds."
On September 18, 2019, at the All Connect conference, China became the only company that has also been honoured by the Best Practice Partnership for Eco-Cooperatives, the Best Practice Partnership for Eco-Cooperatives, and the United States of America launched a digital application platform for companies based on China's cloud-based and friends' iuap platform.
And smart financial solutions. So far, friendly-and-hwa cooperation has largely covered the public cloud, exclusive cloud, and cloud-mixing patterns. For public-owned cloud clients, friend-to-friends use the China-to-hwa pg database. For mixed and private-owned cloud customers, friend-to-friend promote a national product solution for taishan server+gaussdb database+nccloud
We can see a close partnership between the two, using friends and China for the second corporate cloud service developer competition, which is co-organized by China and the United States.
From the strategic objectives of the company’s annual and quarterly reports, we can also see the importance that companies attach to the replacement of national production by large firms, and even mega-enterprises. The company’s annual report of 2019 focused on “nationalized products programs that support the full-scale domesticization of large firms.”
In the first quarter of 2020, the company re-emphasized “the need to strengthen the approximation of products in terms of national production and to accelerate the pace of national production substitution.” We believe that it is currently in the window of a national replacement for megabusiness management software. As China and the United States trade expands from government to key industries, the IT industry expands from government to key industries, and domestic mega-businesses produce soft and hardware.
Procuring is bound to favour domestic suppliers. Most of the country’s mega-enterprises are still using overseas erp products, and the use of friends as leaders of domestic software for more than 30 years in the field of Deep Farming is expected to seize opportunities in this wave of national succession and bring about a new growth in business.
5 New Dynamics 3: Industrial Internet winds, positive corporate layout, 5.1 Industrial Internet policies are frequent, becoming an important part of the new infrastructure. Industrial Internet has been included in the Government Report for three consecutive years, and policies have been frequent since this year.
(b) In March, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued a circular on the promotion of the industrial Internet for accelerated development, and in April, the Commission issued a programme for the implementation of the initiative to promote the digital transformation of enterprises through the use of cloud power; and in May, the report on the work of the Government was reissued.
In contrast to the content of the Government Report 2018/2019, which deals with the industrial Internet, we believe that the core idea of “enhancement for manufacturing transformation” has not changed, and that the focus has expanded from “industrial Internet platforms” to “industrial platforms”
We believe that the industrial Internet, as a vehicle for the digital transformation of enterprises, is even more urgent in the context of the epidemic’s impact on economic development and business recovery. The ongoing publication of industrial Internet-related policies is expected to accelerate industrial growth.
The industrial Internet is a combination of IT, ot, and ct technologies, and it is expected to transform the manufacturing model of the enterprise, which is an important component of the new infrastructure. The essence of the industrial Internet is a triple integration of IT, ct, and ot technologies, linking data from within and outside the enterprise by ct (ICT) to achieve data sets for the whole industry, the whole industry chain, and the entire value chain.
General, dig and analyse big data on the basis of Torit (information technology) combined with ot (production management technology) to enable invisible processes and experiences in past manufacturing processes to become visible, digital, reusable, predictable, ultimately leading to the deposition of industrial experience and mechanical models, empowering and adapting traditional industrial systems to help
The industrial Internet is expected to transform the manufacturing model of enterprises into four main sectors. 1) Smart chemical and biological products: the model of enterprise manufacturing has shifted from automation to digitalization to intelligence, leading to significant improvements in productivity and quality; 2)
Personalized customization: shift in the production and marketing of enterprise products from size-based to individual-specific customization, towards user-centred demand-based production that effectively meets the diversified needs of the market, while addressing the inventory and capacity issues of the enterprise; 3) networking synergies: the way enterprise production is organized from a geographical to a network-based approach, and the plant is no longer a plant
The sole centre for manufacturing enterprise production, through industrial chain synergies, crowdsourcing, supply chain synergies, effectively reducing the cost of accessing capital, breaking the enterprise's borders and enhancing the overall competitiveness of the industry; 4) service extension: the business model of the enterprise expands from selling to selling services, enabling post-sale diversification services through product smart modules.
Thus, the industrial Internet is of great importance in the digital transformation of enterprises. In recent years, the concept of new infrastructure has been mentioned, and since the outbreak of the new crown in 2020, it has served as a major investment in keeping the bottom line of the "6S" and completing the "6S" exercise, again gaining the attention of the government to society.
New infrastructure, in which the industrial Internet, as one of the new infrastructure infrastructure, forms an important part of the new infrastructure. 5.2 The industrial Internet market is expected to be larger than trillion.
According to the Industrial Internet Industry Economic Development Report issued by the Industrial Internet Industry Union, the value added of the industrial Internet nuclear industry (networks, platforms, security, etc.) is expected to reach 5361 in 2019.
In 2019, according to the National Statistical Office, there were 37.28 million industrial enterprises of higher size in China, with an average annual income of 28,374,46 million yuan. We assume that by 2025, more industrial enterprises of higher size will be able to reach 1.24 trillion yuan.
In addition to the "1% theory" put forward by Ge (i.e. 1% of industrial enterprises' information inputs can create huge commercial value), we assume that companies invest 1% of their total income, or $2.84 million, and the size of the industrial Internet is expected to reach $105.78 billion in 2025.
In addition, in conjunction with the target of 1 million enterprises in 2025, the number of industrial Internet deployments by micro-enterprises in 2025 amounted to 627.2 million, assuming that each input was 10 per cent, or $280,000, and trillion, of industrial enterprises of more than size.
Figure 352025 Measuring the size of the industrial Internet core industry market 5.3 Selecting the ten largest two-way platforms with a friendly mind, actively setting up the industrial Internet, which is a typical representative of the construction of industrial Internet platforms, and entering firms will benefit significantly from policy support
In 2017, the State Council issued Guidance for Deepening the Internet + Advanced Manufacturing Industry to Develop the Industrial Internet, in which it was stated that “by 2020, the system of industrial Internet platforms was initially formed to support the construction of 10 right-hand cross-practice, cross-cutting platforms, and a set of enterprises that support the digitalization, networking and intelligent transformation of enterprises.
In August 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications published a list of inter-industry, cross-cutting industrial Internet platforms in 2019, with 10 two-way platforms on the ground. In our view, the ten largest two-way platforms were built as China’s industrial Internet.
On the one hand, it is expected that the listed platform companies will enter the procurement catalogue of the corresponding local government industrial Internet platform. In the process of promoting the platform, local governments usually issue “up-cloud coupons” to upper cloud enterprises.
So, entering the local government’s platform procurement catalogue will significantly enhance the competitiveness and customer resources of industrial Internet platform providers, and the top ten cross-platforms are clearly more competitive in this regard.
On the other hand, the platforms themselves are expected to gain more branding influence and policy bias, and to be more competitive and competitive in accessing large-scale government and business projects. Thus, the 10 largest two-way platforms are both an important manifestation of the country’s presence in industrial Internet policy and a significant economic value and policy support for the firms in the periphery.
We believe that the 10 largest two-way platforms are more valuable for investing in the industrial Internet. Ten two-way platforms for industrial Internet development are used on the friendly and smart industry Internet platform, and industrial Internet construction is actively deployed.
There are currently 467,000 registered companies using the AQIP Internet platform, 5713,000 linked equipment, 1050 industrial models, 1 050 industrial models, 1949 industrial applications, etc.
The number of households reached 1.98 million, and the number of active developers reached 26191.
In our view, the company, with its smart industrial Internet platform, is expected to continue to advance its upper cloud strategy and its cloud products portfolio in the industrial sector, using the industrial Internet to boost the exposure of cloud products.
Figure 38 Landing of Friends and Smart Industries Internet Platforms 6 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendation 1) Software Business Income: In view of the company ' s shutdown of nc packages in 2019, the company will continue to publish in 2020
To the business innovation platform of large enterprises, yonbip, the market cloud products of large enterprises will gradually be replaced by traditional software, and the scale of corporate software business revenue is expected to continue to shrink, with estimated software business 2) cloud business revenue: the intellectual transformation of firms, national production substitution, industrial Internet development will drive firms
The cloud business continues to grow, and it is expected that the company’s cloud products, industry, industry, industry, and micro-business will all grow rapidly. We estimate that the company’s revenue will grow separately in 2020/21/22.
4) Māori rate: The rate of revenue from payments increased faster than the rate in 2020 to lower the combined Māori rate. On the other hand, companies publish yonbulder and yonbip, and research and development inputs continue to increase, and therefore Māori rates are expected to decline slightly this year.
From the beginning of the next 30 years, the company’s cloud business is expected to move to a new blue sea that is intellectually transformed and replaced by national production. The company’s cloud product system is gradually being improved, and strategic-level products are being published to expand mega-customers, open paasping, etc.
It gives customers the ability to customize, the cloud market brings together large-volume Isv ecological partners, builds on the depth of the channel advantage of the software age, binds large and medium-sized enterprise customers, actively adapts to home-grown soft and hardware systems, and has multiple advantages in the cloud age for products, platforms, ecology, and customers. Companies are expected to start again, with long-term growth, under the lead of cloud operations.
(a) The spread of domestic and foreign epidemics, limited business activity and less demand for orders;
3) Slowness in corporate policy and less than expected motivation; 4) Increased friction in trade between Central America and the United States. Use of legally compliant information, independent and objective presentation of this report, data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have written these letters.
The information and comments in the report are for information only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, accepted directly or indirectly for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.