Investment drives performance growth and speeds up the transformation of wealth management: 2021 semi-annual reports, $14,342 million in receipts in the first half of 2021, 600999
The derivatives have been expanded and the return on investment is equal to +70%.
The size of the financial assets during the reporting period.
The impact of capital gains, the reported increase in the stock of off-site derivatives at the end of the period compared to late 2020, the increase in surrogate income, and the upgrading of wealth management to asset allocation. During the reporting period, companies achieved billions of yuan, or +131.5 per cent of the year.
Micro-letter subscriptions and video numbers for intellectual finance, offering services such as investment information, stock trading, asset allocation consultancy, 20.7 per cent increase in the number of month-on-year activity, further enhancing client capacity;
Companies have increased their capacity to invest in product research and to improve their configuration, creating a “opportunity for public funding”, “private fund-raising 50” show, leading the roe industry, a brand of excellent products, a system of wealth management products, and a growing branding effect.
The financial product holdings at the end of the period were 16.1 billion yuan, or 42.22 per cent more than in the previous year.
The second quarter of Bulco ' s non-capital public fund-raising volume is $53.4 billion, ranked fifth in the class. In June of this year, Solid 2020.08.27 was approved as a pilot fund to invest in business license plates, corporate investment, product evaluation systems and configurations.
The depth of the company, "Boards and Institutions Together, Capabilities " , the transformation of wealth management operations from a marketing model to asset allocation is expected to add a "big recruit" agenda.
In the first half of the year, the equity fund contributed 13 per cent of the net profit. In the first half of the year, the equity plan was reduced by between $50 billion and $295.3 billion.
59.88%. In fund management, companies hold 49% stake in the Boding Fund, and in the first half of the year, Cinda Securitiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City, 100 million yuan, + 61 per cent of the year; the company has 45 per cent of the equity in the Fund and the first half of the year, the wealth of the population continues to be brought to the market through institutions, and the size and net profits of the Fund tend to be concentrated on the head.
By the end of June, the Boding Fund and the Merchant Foundation were ranked ninth and eighth in the industry of non-base size, both of which were head fund companies, with significant advantages in terms of research strength, product innovation, and a further increase in future profit contributions to the securities of the vendors.
Investment performance has increased steadily, and debt sustainability continues to be a leader. The company achieved 3.15% of investment in \triangleright in the first half of the year, mainly because the company’s ipo projects were dominated by small and medium-sized projects, and the average amount of money raised was only a small and medium-sized project.
To maintain a leading position, the amount of underwriting remains the industry's highest; the amount of off-shore bond underwriting has increased significantly, with 12 offshore bond issues completed at $3,283 million, which is higher than the level of implementation of projects since the firm's investment, with the current ipo project being well-stocked and insured.
With a leading industry, companies will continue to expand their debt-stocking and bond-generating capacity in the second half of the year, and 2021 companies are expected to grow at a high rate. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies have a large customer base in wealth management, investing in power, and investing in wealth management.
System-building, product marketing capacity and asset allocation capacity are leading in the industry, wealth management is expected to increase further: bond management proactive management capacity is improved, participation in equity funds will continue to contribute significant profits; corporate project reserves are rich and project implementation is of high quality, and we look forward to a fair share.
We expect the company’s net profits to increase and be expected in 2021-2023, and its self-employment performance due to large stock market fluctuations falls short of expectations. Wang Chen Dynasty, a master’s degree in international finance, graduated from the University of Duren, United Kingdom, and has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Department, and has worked as a leasing agent for China.
The Ministry ' s General Manager, who was employed in the Sino-Kinjia Portfolio, China-Changan Portfolio, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with a Master ' s degree in non-banking finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan ' s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States of America, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, researched in the non-banking financial sector. Wen Ribang, Master of Arts, graduate in Finance, University of Gangan, worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2021, researched in the non-banking financial sector.
Sun, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Science in Economics, University of Hong Kong, University of Hong Kong, April 2021, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for small and medium-sized market value research. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.