The company published its semi-annual report for 2019: in the first half of 2019, the company achieved a revenue of $55.39 billion.
During the same period the previous year saw an increase of 26.60%; the net return to the mother was $1,668 million, a decline over the same period the previous year The panel price continued to drag down the first half of the year, and the rise in the uphill crop was steady. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a revenue of $5,539 million, an increase of 26.60%.
The increase in revenue from the higher collection ratio of the port plate was mainly due to the increase in productivity on the built-in line lineline line and the compost 10.5 generation. However, the price of the lcd tablet continues to fall.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate of the port device plate dropped by 2.36 percentage points from the same year, and the company ' s combined Māori rate and the oled achieved new breakthroughs, 10.5 generation success rates, and production capacity uphill. In the first half of the year, Chengdu 's 6th generation flexible aoled production line produced more than a thousand pieces, an increase of over 300 per cent over last year ' s excellent level.
High innovation to higher levels within the industry; 6th generation flexible aoled production line achieved output; 6th generation flexible amoled production line built as planned in Chongqing. The 10.5th generation tft-lcd production line was fully operational, with a good rate of more than 90%; and 10.5th generation tft-lcd in Wuhan.
The conversion of the network is continuing. In the first half of the year, the ISP 1 upgrade project was implemented. The current equipment was moved in, and the two large-size flexible automation lines of the ISP 2 advanced the production of the equipment as planned.
New graphics screens m2 are on the market, and new graphic screens s3 and r1 are on schedule. lot The Solution Industries has more than 1,000 Wisdom Renovation Orders, cumulatively more than 330 Networks; Wisdom has developed a 75 inch 8k broadcast system.
The number of visits to Mingde Hospital in the health service has increased by 33 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the total number of compost hospitals is based on the market price of 3 September 2019.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations The restructuring of assets has not progressed as expected; the fpga business market has not expanded as expected.
ELECTRONIC: Optical optical electrons, Wang Da-ting, Kyo-donga