The company is the leading company in the global panel, with leadership in the fields of lcd and soft aoled.
For the first time, the technological advantage is covered, and a “buy-in” rating is given. The success rate continues to climb, and the wiring is expected to start at the end of the year and wait for the amoled. On the left, the company has announced the construction of a 4th flexible 6-generation amoled production line, of which Chengdu is the first to grow.
The 6-generation amoled production line was delivered in October 2017. According to the company, 70% of the positive rate on the Chengdu flexible amoled line was reached by the end of 2018, and now good rates and productivity climbs up the slope and has been supplied to front-line brand customers.
Chongqing and the sixth-generation flexible aoled production line in Fuzhou have invested 46.5 billion yuan in total and design capacity is 48 k/month. Four flexible aoled production lines will create a competitive market position for companies in the soft aoled field.
The 8.5 generation line will be phased out of the depreciation peak and the 10.5 generation line for composting. Currently, the company’s main harvest is the 8.6 generation line for compost, Beijing and Chongqing, and the 8.5 line for Beijing was launched in 2011, the compost line and Chongqing were launched in 2013 and 2015, respectively, and will be operational in the coming years.
The three 8.5 generation lines will gradually exit the depreciation peak, and the profitability of the company’s lcd panel will increase further.
The transformation strategy for the network is moving forward, and progress is remarkable. The company insists on a transformation strategy for the network, and the three panels are making significant progress. The port panel, which shows that the panel's total output remains the first in the world; the Smart Group, which has a steady increase in the volume of intellectual services, and the television/visa's entire cargo.
About 18 million of them, in the third and fourth places in the world; the smart medicine board: multi-products were published successively; the Hoyotung Oriental Hospital was officially opened in December, the Chengdu Oriental Hospital opened in December, and the life science and technology industry base concluded a cooperation agreement in November.
Using market prices as the standard, on 4 July 2019, the industry block is further consolidated into seven groups of industries, each of which should be 28x, 23x, and 17x. Consider the company's leading position in the global panel displays.
For the first time, Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. was covered with a “buy-in” rating. The lcd panel price continued to fall; the oled line was slower than expected.
Wang Da-ting.