H1 performance is under pressure, the growth of the backsliding, and the industry's leadership is getting stronger.
The company released its mid-2019 report: 55.39 billion yuan (+26.60%) in 2019 for h1 and a net profit of 1,668 million yuan (43.92%), subject to a continuous fall in lcd prices and continued pressure on the company’s performance, which is below market expectations.
The Division's ongoing strategy for the transformation of the Internet has been remarkable. We believe that companies, as world-class panels, are expected to share the long-term dividends of increased industrial concentration and cyclical weakening after the winter of lcd, which is a growing business based on the progress of the oled and physical networking.
With years of investment, companies are expected to grow at a sustained rate. Given that panel prices are still low, the velocities are expected to go down, the growth of the growth rate is expected to be fast, and the level of the Māori rate has been depressed.
It continued to decline, and in an environment of overall contraction in the size of the industry market, the company achieved growth in revenue collection. $50,897 million (+29.94 per cent) was collected on port devices, with a Māori rate of 15.56 per cent (2,336 ptt); and the panel showed a reverse expansion, an orderly growth in innovation and transformation strategies, and a stronger leadership position in the industry.
The company's ongoing strategy to move forward with the transformation of the network of products and the continued improvement of global competitiveness: the convergence of the 10.5 generation line has been fully produced, the volume of goods produced has been increasing consistently, the five major applications have remained the world's first in number, and innovation has been increasing by 49 per cent the same in number of applications, with the market for esl and apparel being the world's first in number.
Circumcision and Growth Resonance, where the panel shows the tap sword as the world's number one, 2019-05-27.
Innovative transformations are moving ahead in an orderly fashion, with company medical imaging products, genetic testing products, smart window products, fingerprint recognition products, and so on, and are expected to add momentum to the company’s long-term growth. In the winter of the industry, the firm’s backsliding is expanding, and the industry’s position is stronger, and we believe that future prices for the lcd are expected to grow gradually.
Steady, soft-led demand continues to expand and long-term prospects for the future of the company are high.