Kyodonga (000725) Electronics, Siangyang b.11. Opening up the new era of oled, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Incident: On July 15, 2019, the company’s 6th-generation flexible mooled production line output was another important field of flexible displays in the city, following the company’s 6th-generation flexible amoled production line in the capital city.
Soft display penetration at smart terminals is accelerating. According to market research agencies, stonepartners, the penetration of soft screens in major global smartphone brands will reach 21% in 2020.
Cards show that the three-star soft screen cellular penetration will increase from 19% in 2019 to 24% in 2019, and the Chinese brand from 11% will continue to expand the volume of soft cellular sales.
The planned 6th generation flexible aoled line reached 4 lines, B7 and Mianyang 11, respectively, which are already produced, as well as Chongqing b12 and B15 in the construction and planning process, with an investment of 46.5 billion yuan in four production lines and a design capacity of 48 k/month. The next 4 production lines together will bring company potential.
Amoled's monthly production capacity of 192k is expected to create a two-monopoly pattern with Samsung worldwide. In 2018, the company's b7-line soft-appled screen was successfully supplied by the mate20pro flagship, and in 2019, as the flexible market penetration accelerates and the company's capacity climbs, the volume of flexible amoled shipments will grow rapidly.
Japan’s restrictions on key materials in the Kolaloka market are expected to benefit national panel producers. Japan’s share in circulation (billion shares) was launched in early July.
Three semiconductors, high-purity hydrogen fluorine, photo-recording, and panel major raw material export tubes in Korea, are inter-valued over 52 weeks, and Japan currently controls 70-90 per cent or more of the market share of the three materials, so Korean semiconductors and display surfaces
If Korea is unable to find alternative options in the short term, it may affect Korea’s oled capacity, and China, as the largest oed producer outside Korea, is expected to benefit its domestic panel producers.
At the same time, the company oled is about to enter a profit period, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The new line, the market of the oled is promising (2018-12-27) long and flexible.
(208-10-31) Continued expansion and potential for reconnection (2018-08-28)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.