Kyodonga (000725) Electronics continues to expand in reverse, waiting for the South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
Summary of performance: the company achieved business income of 55.4 billion yuan in the first half of 2019, an increase of 26.6 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1.67 billion yuan in the same year, a decrease of 43.9 per cent in the same year, of which q2 earned operating income of 28.580 billion yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 30.5 per cent in the same year and an increase of 8.1 per cent in the ring; net profit of 620 million yuan in the same year.
The panel industry is still at the bottom of the cycle, and companies maintain their income growth at surcharges. From q2 panel price data, the panel industry is still at the bottom of the cycle, consumer electronic terminal demand continues to weaken on the demand side, the supply side is not over, and the main South Korean manufacturer's conversion plan is delayed in this environment.
Still, the 2019h1 monitors are the world's first in terms of volume, with 23 per cent more than ever. The market leadership of the five dominant products continues to be strenched; the volume of innovative applications grew by 21 per cent compared to the previous, with 49 per cent more than the same area, with esl and apparel being the world's first in number, and the conglomerates the world's second in number.
The sales of high-value-added products such as rates, contact controls, narrow borders, large sizes, and the share of internal exports have all increased significantly. *Mooled’s output has increased dramatically, and Kyoto’s East has opened up historic opportunities.
300%, with more than 10 million pieces and higher levels of innovation; Siangyang's 11th line was successfully produced on July 15th: Chongqing's 12th line is moving forward as planned. The company's oled product is gradually being imported into a front-line domestic and international brand clientele, with soft oled smartphone being the second largest in the world.
The short-term pressure on profitability has made it clear that companies have improved cost control. A decline in panel prices has led to a decline of 3.3 pp in the ratio of Māori to the ratio of G19H1 portware, resulting in a decline of 2.4 pp to the ratio for the company as a whole.
The Division has strengthened its controls on the cost side and improved its business indicators. Sales rates have decreased by 0.5 pp over the same year, management fees by 0.9 pp over the same year, financial costs by 0.6 per cent over the same year, and research and development costs by 82.8 per cent over the same year, resulting in an increase in R & D costs by 1.6 pp over the same year.
The area continues to break, increasing the global competitiveness of the three tsh plates.a Kyoto Easta (000725): the 11-volume rise in twilight b, the reverse expansionary trend and the soft-led leader, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
2. Kyodonga (000725): Crossing the turning point into Kyodonga (000725): a new cycle is coming.
4. Kyodonga (000725).
(208-12-27) Long, flexible amoled ready (2018-10-31)
The demand for the external environmental impact subsector has been weak since the expansion continued, and the supply oversupply has continued, with the Māori ratio of the device operations shown.
Assumption 2: corporate intelligence services and smart retail operations continue to grow, and the Māori ratio of smart system operations is maintained over the next three years
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.