Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre “no gains” in the first half of the year, and industry “downside production” in the second half of the year.
In the first half of 2019, Kyoto East achieved a growth rate of about 55 billion and 27 per cent. The net return to mothers was about 16.70 billion, a decline of about 44 per cent in the same year. The net return to mothers was about 650 million, a decline in the growth rate driven by new production lines and a decline in the price of panels that held companies “no gains”:
1. The continued decline of the Chinese panel to the global “leader” has been reported as “no gain” because of the company's current smartphone fluid.
The five mainstream applications, crystal screens, tablet screens, laptop screens, monitor screens, television screens, etc., remain the world's largest volume, so companies have reduced the Māori rate by only 1.7 per cent in the first quarter of the second quarter by adjusting the product structure.
Soft-led products have grown by more than 10 million pieces, and new products such as folding phones are ready: while liquid crystals show a significant decline in the overall price of the panel, close to 30 per cent for example 2q, with 32 inches of television panels, the company is carrying 20 and 30 p30pro's soft-led products.
There has been a significant increase, with more than 10 million shipments in the first half of the year. And, as China's core supplier of a market-rolled mobile phone, Matex, in the third quarter of this year, we believe that the new folding cellular product will provide companies with a leading advantage in competing for a different, soft-led mobile phone panel.
The supply-end reduction became the quarter price of the main melody 4 and is expected to rebound: starting in mid-2017, the liquid crystal showed an average decline of more than 50 per cent, and now 65 and below, the price of the television panels has fallen in the bulk of the cost of cash to their producers, and the closing down of production has become the backbone of the industry in the second half of the year.
Rhodes. Korea's tristars and ligs are fully turned to the oled, and it's expected that two generation 8.5 lines totalling about 220k/month will be shut down in Korea, that Taiwan's producers will begin to reduce the crop rate, and that the upper half of Kyoto's production will be reduced by about 25%, and that the supply side will be able to produce the desired drivers.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the price of Chen Ji-won rebounded steadily, and it is expected that Kyoto East will benefit significantly as a liquid crystal panel tap. (8621) 61038318
Van Bintai, the Chinese-American trade war repeatedly affects the demand for terminal television: the price war in the panel industry continues to affect corporate profitability.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment