Eurasia: Remedial results, supply chain reforms are evident, leading the way to honourable Euroland (603833).
Events: The company released 25q1 performances. 25q1 achieved revenue of $3.447 billion (4.8% compared to 4.8% compared), q1 significantly improved revenue and profit growth at a very high rate, and we expect that the major part of the country’s contribution will continue to reflect and supply chain reform will increase profitability.
The country’s repulsive orders have improved, and the profitability has increased significantly. According to sub-channels, 25q1 direct camps/distributions/large billions of yuan (same-0.7%); and by sub-category, 25q1 cabinets/rears/baskets/woodgates are generating income separately.
The company continues to promote the transformation of monolithic business into one-manufacturing, pushing forward.
Enter the channel management structure “City-based” to achieve full-scale co-ordination and integration. Make sure that every organizational cell is necessary and robust and that every European soldier is a special combatant, and that no one on board can be tolerated.
By the end of 24 years, there were more than 1,100 retail outlets (450+ in the year), with the localized business model “One City, One City, One City, One City,” which accurately matched local demand. Innovatively proposed a “1+n+x” shop layout strategy that optimized the integration of existing shops and opened up community shops, cloud shops, and China.
Window-type shops, such as shops, have hit the traffic. The 24-year average of high-flow customers has been +60 per cent, driven by an integrated model of multi-sales plus customized improvements, the direct-camp channel has increased its average single-value cagr for 18-24 years from 30 per cent to 54 per cent, and the reform has been particularly effective.
Supply chain reforms have been effective and profitability has continued to increase. 25q1 Māori/motherhood net interest rates
305 city carriers established cooperation, representing 99 per cent of integrated cities, 93 per cent of trunkline cargo, 93 per cent of Svoda S.A., which has stabilized at 93 per cent, with a 30 per cent decrease in the same rate of damage; and the introduction of warehousing
The company's inventory/receivable/receivable at the end of 25 q1
Risk factors: super-expected risk of property downside, risk of price volatility of raw materials, and the lack of reform.
Lee Morning, undergraduate graduate from the Faculty of Physics at the University of California, Bay, majored in mathematics/assurance accounting; graduate graduate student in wealth, golden quail, crystal ball, etc., who was well-performing; joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2024, covering mainly paper, light-work exports, electronic tobacco, etc.
Cao Cao, who graduated from the Central University of Finance and Economics and masters from the University of Washington, St. Louis.
Camel, Graduated from China Maritime University and Master of Arts from Kings College, London. He was a member of open-source securities research. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in 2025, covering inter-border power suppliers, gold jewels, two wheels.
The elements are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.