Sub-products, 24-year cabinets, closets, and furniture.
Chen Buru is under pressure. But the ratio of pasta to carpentry is +1.3/2.9/1.8/4.2 pct, respectively, reflecting improvements in corporate cost-end optimization and product structure.
Straight-line channels are growing in reverse, and the logic of residence is proven. Sub-channels show that the company has 24 years of direct business/distribution □ chenbairu_yj@chinastock.com.cn has a strong commercial potential for living under the consolidation line, and the company is in the store, the power channel and the consummation.
Traditional channels such as in-house purchases by large clients, real estate intermediaries, and fission by clients are constantly expanding, while multi-goods synergies are being enhanced, and diversification strategies are working well. Overseas operations are expanding steadily, and multi-crystal layouts are adapted to diverse customization needs.
: hanmian_yj@chinastock.com.cn $430 million, i.e. +34.4 per cent, driven by retail and engineering dual-wheel operations, overseas branding has increased significantly, and companies have now established distribution networks in 146 countries and territories around the world, adapting to local innovations.
Business, building customized overseas product systems, and the multi-brand strategic layout have progressed steadily. The reform dividend has shown strong profitability under the countercyclical cycle.
The organizational architecture optimization/fee control performance test has been steadily advanced, corporate profitability has been steadily increased, and reform effectiveness has been achieved Investment proposals: the company is the leading business in the household sector, the current stage of organizational restructuring has been effective, the home strategy has been steadily advanced, and the company is expected to grow over the long term.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.