On February 5, 2024, the company issued a programme of action to promote a "double qualitative return" \triangleright.
To ensure the legitimate rights and interests of investors and to enhance the quality of listed companies and the value of investments, companies will implement “long-term, stable and sustainable” shareholder value-reward mechanisms that effectively enhance investors' access to shared results and continue to stabilize cash dividends: companies will insist on long-term, stable and growing returns for shareholders
\triangleright's development philosophy, while pursuing its own development, uses equity buy-backs, dividends, etc., to share development gains with investors and boost confidence. Since 2018, the company has implemented three repurchases.
A total of 33,513,528 shares are planned for repurchase, amounting to $678 million.
Realization of income of $92.2 billion, net return to mother ' s profit of $660 million, three times the same increase, near seven times the increase in ring comparison, 51 million won in net profit deductions, plus or minus the gain and 243% the increase in ring. Industrial chain vertical layout, with initial results.
\triangleright mining rights to ensure a stable supply of core raw materials; middle-stream materials cover positive, negative, diaphragm, electrolytic fluids, currently 200,000 tons of phosphate-diathydium material has been put into production, 30,000 tons of high nickel-trinium material has been laid down,
In terms of production capacity, the company is actively expanding its industrial layout by setting up new stations for composts, composts, German Göttingen, Vietnam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam.
Jubino, Slovakia, Illinois, USA, 16 major battery production bases. By 2023, the company's power core could be about 115 gwh, we're expecting 178 gwh by the end of 2024, and the U.S., Thailand, and the U.S.
The research assistant has a large market space overseas, and the company is now a domestic battery manufacturer.
One of the fastest-growing businesses, in Europe, the United States, Asia and the Pacific, is home-grown, productively laid out, the company plans to build a lithium battery base in Illinois, plans 40 gwh, and plans to build a battery material project in Michigan. On the client side, the company is currently collaborating with the public, Bosch, Germany.
A number of internationally recognized enterprises such as Slovakianobat, United States Rivian, India tata, Viet Nam Vinfast. \triangleright 1. National High School (002074.sz) In-depth report: Industrial Chains
Industry leads, there is wide scope for future growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright competes to increase risk, yield capacity to release less than expected risk, receivable risk, etc.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.