Launching of the Quality Return Double Action Programme, which supports the high-quality development of Lithium Lead Business Events: Companies issue the Quality Return Double Action Programme.
On 5 February 2024, the company issued a bulletin on the programme of action to promote “double qualitative returns”. The announcement states that the company will: (1) focus on improving the quality of the industry and actively pursue the “double carbon” strategy; (2) accelerate the implementation of innovation-driven enterprise development; and (3) comply, on an ongoing basis.
High corporate governance; (4) enhanced communication to enhance the quality of information disclosure; (5) shared results, with companies farming lithium batteries for more than 10 years with a share of installed aircraft at the top of the world. Since 2006, companies have been working on the production and sale of lithium batteries, and products have been widely used for pure electric power.
In 2023, the company ranked fourth in the domestic phosphate lithium battery loader, with a market share of 5.64%. In energy storage, based on infolink data, the company ranked 2023.
In the first three quarters, global storage power cores were ranked sixth. Companies actively pursued strategic decisions on carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and a new energy sector, with a focus on a green low-carbon transformation of the energy structure, leading the new energy industry.
There are eight major research and development centres around the world, including Japan, and the next generation of companies with abundant stocks of products, including phosphorus, manganese and manganese batteries, semi-stabilized batteries, manipulates of the general population, etc., which have built deep public cars (China) and so on.
Over the last two years, companies have stepped up their efforts to plan overseas production bases in various parts of Europe, the United States, South-East Asia, etc.. In 2023, in Göttingen, Germany.
In 2023, the company demonstrated its long-term commitment to development by launching a stock buy-back program. According to the company’s performance forecast, the company is expected to achieve a net return profit in 2023.
Shareholding or equity incentive schemes. Companies have accumulated about $850 million over the last five years to share the development dividend by following the concept of “investor-centred” development.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.