• On 13 June, the company issued a number of announcements: cash purchases were carried out by the heavy industry group.
In the meantime, there will be a restructuring of the debt of the heavy wood workers and the heavy tooth company, and the company’s cash inputs and debt restructuring will be changed.
The financial situation of the two companies has led to increased performance of the listed companies.
Fund-raising, change of location and subject of the project (see table 1 for savings of $3.26 billion) transferred to the implementation of new projects, including the acquisition of shares in heavy woodworks, the financing of heavy industrial research and management companies, participation in the establishment of the Southwest Institute, participation in large-capacity sealed storage of electricity in the sails (Yangzhou)
The new projects will add some additional capacity, such as the project for the construction of the capacity of the pool (see table 2): the general stock/flow (million shares) of the windboat company, 1.84 million kvah in the production capacity of the lead batteries, 4 million in the production capacity of Yangzhou, and Qing Qing in the Chinese boat.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) New low-speed engine capacity at the island base 1 million horsepower and improved production conditions in Dalian.
In 2016, when the company's major assets were restructured, the China-China Heavy Industries Group joined the Chinese Momentum (600482).
In the case of competition or potential competition, there is a commitment that heavy wood workers will grow in surplus within three years, and that power leaders will be able to break the tide and inject into the company.
Forwards - 2017/04/28 The company will buy the shares of two companies held by external investors on an optional basis, eventually leading to full ownership. Billions of dollars and its own funds totalling approximately $2,292 million to buy the weight of firewood held by the Heavy Ship Industries Group
After this acquisition is completed, the company will integrate its operations into the internal high- and medium-speed diesel engines as soon as possible, creating synergies and increasing competitive advantages.
After the transaction is completed, the company will hold 51.95% of the stock of the company. Recently, the company, together with the China-China Heavy Industries Group, has increased its investment in the company with $850 million; and the Chinese firm Shinda will transfer 1.9 billion of the company's debt.
The company's cash infusion and the restructuring of the debt of the two companies will address the financial burden and the company's announcement that the heavy wood workers will realize a net profit of $200 million in 2018 and 2019 (including the forecast).
In May 2017, the company financed 100% of Ichang's fuelwood, together with the China-China Heavy Industry Group, and the China-China Heavy Industry Group.
China's reworking team has jointly set up China's fleet of boats, plans for the three regions of Yichang, Dalian, Qingjia, and the three regions of Qingjiang.
The company is planning to invest 432 million (US$ 334 million) in Qingdao plants together with its partners. The company is planning to invest 432 million (US$ 334 million) in Qingdao plants.
We believe that the construction of the project will optimize the distribution of diesel production, professionalizing, modularizing, and scalding production patterns, with a projected 10-15% reduction in the cost of scale effects.
Investing in research and research management companies and the Southwest Institute companies are planning to use $178 million in fund-raising funds to share research with China's shipping industry and other stakeholders.
(b) The company intends to use the sum of 100 million yuan to participate in the establishment of the Southwest Research Institute of the China-China Heavy Industry Group.
The South Institute will promote the autonomous development of low speed machines and key core packages. Profit predictions and ratings.
A steady growth of power, gas, steam, full power, marine nuclear power, etc., is promising. The company’s military operations account for 20% of the total.
Table 1: Changes in the original fund-raising project
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.