China’s performance has grown steadily, with a strong interest in long-term corporate development, and China’s annual press release of 2017 has resulted in an operating income of 2,314.7 million yuan, an increase of 3.77 per cent over the previous year;
Quarterly reports issued in 2018 yielded operating revenues of $5.06 billion, a decline of 4.89 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother was 105 per cent. Companies based on power systems, back-to-back with heavy industry groups, technological advantages and platforms were evident and served as platforms for group-driven system integration, with technology and asset injections that have continued in recent years.
Gas turbines and full-power power will be the main power force of the Navy, with clear corporate advantages. Our navy will be driven by ships that will gradually use gas turbines as power systems, in line with world military trends, frigates, gas turbines and full-power power as power systems, with a wide market for military gas turbines.
The power of China is the main manufacturer of our warship gas turbines and the main contractor for gas turbines in the Western Gas East during phase two, and we believe that the company’s gas, wheel and full power operations continue to grow at a high rate.
The low-speed diesel business was consolidated, with the share of domestic cities reaching 40-45%. In 2017, Chinese power completed the consolidation of the low-speed diesel business, with the low-speed operation being run by a subsidiary, China Ship-Catch, with a further increase in the city's share.
Ocean nuclear power operations are expected to break out in 2019. According to China’s heavy engineering group, the market space for marine nuclear power platforms is expected to exceed 100 billion, and the company’s 2nd round takes 15% of the platform’s revenue.
The market space is expected to exceed 15 billion and, according to the China Energy News, the Haiyang nuclear power platform is expected to be operational by 2019.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.