Collon Pharmaceutical Industries (002422.sz) Medical chromosome iii incident: company reports 2019: business income for the first half of the year was $8.92 billion, an increase of 14.5 per cent;
The net return to the mother is 728 million yuan, a decrease of 5.91 per cent in the same year; the net profit to the non-return to the mother is 644 million yuan, a decrease of 10.55 per cent in the same year; the operating cash flow is 1.5 billion yuan, an increase of 35.18 per cent in the same year, and the company ' s cash flow is good. q2 ring is a marked improvement in income and net profit.
The net return to the mother was $4,634 million, or 20 per cent and 0.45 per cent, respectively, compared with the growth of 9.05 per cent and 12.4 per cent in the first quarter of the year of income and the net return to the mother, and the decline in the net profit during the first quarter was mainly due to the fall in the price of the company ' s raw pharmaceutical products and the maturity factor of the subsidiary ' s Trentin tax concessions, and the company ' s third quarter of the second quarter of the year.
At the end of the profit, the company’s overall Māori ratio increased by 1.43 percentage points to 59.91 per cent, mainly as a result of higher Māori product revenues;
As a whole, the net profit rate of the company has fallen by 1.77 percentage points over the year because of higher cost rates, to the point where we see the company emulating the volume of the product in the context of collateral purchases. First, as a successor to the generic drug, compared to large domestic pharmaceutical companies like Hen-suk, Jin-hsun, etc., the company is investing in R & D on a par with its competitors.
Zhou Xingming (666 million R & D in the first half of 2019, an increase of 32.51 per cent over the same period) did not have an advantage in marketing promotion, and the introduction of a national procurement policy and the firm determination of the regulatory authorities to implement it completely destabilized the industry.
At the same time, most of the company's generics have the production capacity for “material-formulation integration”, production costs are lower, and there is a cost advantage in competitive bidding with volume purchases.
Second, the company's management has a far-reaching strategic vision and strong executive powers, and three strategies have been proposed at the beginning of the market, and the first two have now been perfected, winning in the field of large infusions and antibiotics with excellent cost advantages and market capabilities. In the area of generic and new drug research and development, we believe that before the company replicates, the company will be able to do so.
The collon drug industry, the “triple wave” programme, was gradually realized, with an increase in performance of $224 million in sodium Parrish, an increase of 692 per cent over the same period, and a new product of intestinal nutrients.
$179 million, an increase of 468 per cent, and $169 million, an increase of 95.46 per cent, for herbal acid Essyphthalitis.
In the first half of 2019, the subsidiary, the Trunchin Biologicals, continued to fully produce, generating revenues of 1,811 million yuan, an increase of 10.10 per cent in the same year, and net profits of $278 million, a decline of 20.6 per cent in the same year, mainly sulfur red.
Since the end of the three quarters, with the prospect of small-scale re-entry, sulfur erythropotropics and quality have had a greater advantage than competitors, and the future pattern of competition in the industry will improve. The company's Trentin project has a two-fold elasticity of performance.
The increase in cannery production as a result of improvements in the arts can lead to a reduction in depreciation per unit of product, which can result in a significant increase in the company’s operations. Without considering additional capacity, just process improvements, we expect to judge in 2019 and 2020 the long-term trend in the industry of environmentally sound drugs and intermediates, with competitors either increasing their investment in the environment.
Access to or exit from productive capacity can increase the price of the product, thus providing a great elasticity of performance. Benefits-based procurement fast-disbursing volume (2) The upgrading of the product structure of the big fluid plate leads to a new step in the Māori ratio and income (3) The full production of Ishakawa Ning brings a steady cash flow to the company and the valuation of potential (4) industry leaders
Price premiums, we maintain the company buy-a proposal.