The Centre for Medical Health Studies (CMS) is performing as expected, with continuous overinvestment in research and development, and the Tunningen pressure, i.e., a pseudo-marketing ring. Chooning's performance has declined slightly over the same year, and is associated with a fall in prices, with a projected fluctuation in performance in the second half of the year:
Kawaning’s profit is expected to fall year-on-year in the first half of the year, mainly because of a drop in the price of salt from the 6pa and penicillin industries. In addition, Kawaning will implement a 15% VAT rate for five years starting this year, and the “value-added tax exemption” phase of “Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five” will end in 2018, starting with 15% value-added tax (VAT) this year.
According to the current prices of core varieties, only sulfur red remains at high prices, and uncertainty is expected to affect overall performance in the second half of the year, with the Tunning Round pressure expected to improve in the coming year.
1. Three Drivers, Innovative Futures -- 744 million dollars in depth for the Colon Pharmaceutical Industry, expected to accelerate the 2019q1 and q2 rings, i.e., i.e., sales of about 220 million dollars in the first half of the year, sales of about 169 million dollars in Palot, and out-of-intestinal camps like Dot + Domongje, etc.
The sales of breeds amount to approximately $179 million and the sales of 23 new generic medicines amount to approximately $173 million. 700 million, or about $135 million, or about $100 million, or $139 million for Dot, or approximately $208 million for Lotte, are in line with expectations.
Research and development continues to increase investment, i.e., the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency is entering the harvest period, and clinical progress on innovative medicines is steadily increasing: R&D costs about $530 million in the first half of the year, R&D costs about $280 million in q2 and R&D costs about $250 million in q1. Twelve production authorizations were obtained in the first half of the year, involving seven varieties, the first of which was through consistency.
(egfr), a167 (pd-l1), a168 (vegf). In addition to the more advanced new drug species mentioned above, they also include her2adc in the first phase of the clinical process, her2adc, the protein Dositas, the Ilyna, the small molecule jak inhibitor, the new drug for anaesthesia pains, and the tpo varieties.
Given the firm’s steady long-term growth in fluids, the short-term pressure on Kawaning’s performance, the counterfeiting of the market’s fast-disbursing performance, and the steady progress of the innovative medicine clinic. Over the next three years, we'll give the mother-in-law an offer, Lee Ying-ray.
There is uncertainty about clinical progress at home and abroad in the study of varieties: the risk of competition after counterfeiting: uncertainty about expansion and commercialization of new medicines: uncertainty about progress in the distribution of shares, not currently taken into account: complex patterns of competition in the intermediary market in Kawaning, high price volatility and uncertainty about performance.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment