The Klen Pharmaceuticals Company has three main lines of business, big fluids, and raw materials.
Medicines and new medicines, the company that started with the big infusion, became a leader in the big infusion industry, and the Trunchin project was almost full of billions of yuan, a change from the same period last year - 10 per cent to 0 per cent.
Production, new pharmaceutical business is moving steadily, and companies will grow significantly in the future by 10,2019q2 profit loops, with better performance. 2019q1 achieves a net return profit of 336 million yuan. q2 profits ranged from 360-438 million yuan.
2019q2 profit ~ 400 million yuan, ring ~ 20 per cent growth, ring growth trends are clear, corporate profits improved by quarter in 2019, good business performance is clear, Kawaning, mainly from the company's large infusion of fluids and raw materials, suffers from net profits from the effects of raw materials and income tax, and Kawanaga's real efficiency gains are evident.
We expect to realize a net profit of $330 million in the first half of 2019 (which is more reflective of the excellent level of profit in Kawaning). Large infusions and new drugs are well under way, and research and development is increasing.
Keeping up steady growth, both income and Māori. New drug operations are advancing steadily, and research and development inputs continue to increase. According to this Medicines Bureau Drug Central Procurement Symposium, future procurement will be more comprehensive and in-depth, and the first 4+7 will continue to be implemented nationwide, with a large number of family bids.
Cost increases as an important consideration. As a leader in domestic counterfeiting and development, both in terms of approved and declared varieties, and as a market-based “free-footer”, there is no large marketing team, relatively uncomplicated price competition, cost advantages are highlighted, and the number of bid points in the lead procurement competition is high.
It's more likely to make a significant profit to the company.
Colum Pharmacy (002422): The profit ring has improved significantly, the profit ring has improved significantly, the profit ring has increased significantly, and the efficiency cost has increased significantly.
696-774 million yuan, a change of 10%-0% from the same period last year. 2019q1 achieved a net return profit of 336 million yuan, while the profit range of q2 was significantly improved on a quarterly basis for each year’s companies, operating well, mainly as a result of robust growth in the company’s operations of large fluids and raw materials.
The main reasons why the profits were lower than in the same period last year were the following: (1) affected by factors such as the resumption of production by one of the manufacturers concerned, since the second half of 2018, the prices of varieties such as 6-apa have fallen since the second half of 2018, affecting the release of profits; (2) the explosion of the water boom in March 2019, which hit the chain of the shoal complex (the shoals of Shubattan have stopped production and the lower shobatan-like output has declined), downstream manufacturers have reduced production, and the shoal intermediate 7-aca
In the second half of the year, the situation is expected to improve owing to reduced demand and insufficient upstream delivery; (3) the five-year tax-free period expires at the end of 2018, and the positive effects of the actual mitigation efficiency gains are evident in Trunchin, which largely offsets the negative effects. At present, Thonin has an estimated 3,300 tons of sulphate, 9,200 tons of cyanide (converted to 6-pa) and 3,300 tons of cyanide, all three varieties of which have increased their capacity over the past year.
In particular, the 6-apa series was marked by improvements in process capacity and associated cost reductions; 7-acca was also moving rapidly towards full production (2000 tons over the last year, expected to reach 3300 tons over the year), with a significant cost reduction in scale effects and a higher profit contribution than rapidly. We expect to realize a net profit of 330 million yuan (50% sulfur red, 25% over 6-apa, and 7-acca 25% in the first half of 2019), and we are on the road.
In the second half of the year, as the effects of the boom faded, Kawaning is expected to be fully productive, with a net profit of more than $700 million a year. Large infusions and new drugs are well under way, and research and development inputs are increasing steadily.
All have increased. The new drug business has progressed steadily, and research and development inputs have continued to grow, with a high yield from the consistency evaluation panel, with the successful selection of the last round of 4+7 procurements for the company ' s Acetic Acid Xiplan film, with an estimated income of $210 million in 2018 and a projected income of $300 million in 2019, representing a ~50 per cent increase, and the company now has 11 oral varieties with significant potential for later release through a consistency evaluation; and in addition, with regard to the evaluation of the consistency of injections, there is a huge potential for later release.
According to the Insight database, there are 22 species of injectables that have submitted additional applications, ranging from 1 billion to 3 billion varieties, such as right-wing metomite, amino-brominated sodium, Parescheb, and sodium cystic sodium. According to this drug-intensive drug-purchasing seminar at the Medical Authority, future purchases will be more comprehensive and in-depth, and the first four-plus seven will continue to be made nationwide.
As a leading player in domestic counterfeiting and development, both in approved and declared varieties, and as a “light-footer” in the market, there is no large marketing team, relatively unchallenged price competition, cost advantages are highlighted, and there is a greater chance of winning in the competition for volume purchases, and companies are expected to make a significant profit. In the long run, it is expected that the Klemite plate will be branded.
The trend of clustering, by taking advantage of generic pharmaceutical markets and branding advantages in large areas, varieties, serialization, and combinations, will continue to stabilize the profits and grow in the future. The realization of the results of innovation is expected to open up long-term valuation space.
As of December 31, 2018, eight of the company's innovations had been introduced into the clinical phase, restructuring the human blood plate to produce pelican-fc blended proteins, an anaesthetic accelerator kl2800006, an innovating young molecule jak inhibitor kl130008, Kl070002 capsules, anti-couples a166, vegfr2 units of anti-resistances were released for clinical treatment covering rectal cancers, colon cancers, vegfr2
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Cullen Pharmacy industry (002422); the profit ring has improved significantly, and the efficiency gains of Kawaning have been significant.
Multiple malignant tumours, such as lymphoma, involve three major hotspots, egfr, pd-l1, her2 of which the fastest progress is on a140-cetoxone-like drugs, which are currently being recruited in three clinical phases, and are expected to complete three clinical phases and report production in 2020, becoming the first-ever drop in the price pressure of an infusion product or raw material drug in the Colon pharmaceutical industry; product under-research and development; and other risks.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
A nine-year experience in securities medicine and medicine, where you have been a core member of the new wealth team.
The researcher’s own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The financial and intellectual sources of the east, the Cullen Pharmacy Industry (002422). The profit ring has improved significantly, and the efficiency gains of Kawaning have been significant, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.