Company issues equity options to reduce asset-liability ratios and optimize Jordji, research assistant Lee Ying-hee.
▪ Event: The company issues a plan for the public distribution of securities in 2019, which is intended to be distributed to all shareholders at a rate of not more than 1.4 shares per 10 shares. The total amount of funds to be collected by the unit does not exceed RMB 2 billion (including distribution costs) and is fully used to pay off the distribution costs.
There is also interest-bearing debt and replenishment of liquidity.
Increasing, companies raise their assets and liabilities through a variety of financing methods, such as business accumulation, bank borrowing, and bond issuance, leading to continued high asset-liability ratios. Growing interest-bearing debt in recent years has led to higher financial costs and an impact on corporate profitability.
The company ' s interest payments for the period 2016-2018 are 46.5%, which seriously affects the level of corporate profitability. The total amount of the equity fund raised does not exceed the population ' s benefit in reducing the size of the company ' s liabilities, reducing the asset-liability ratio, optimizing the capital structure and increasing it further.
The company's portfolio is gradually enriched and will effectively boost performance growth in the long term: the company's formulation plate continues to grow and will be held in 2019 as it moves towards the levels of its Pareshub, Kavin, Kuaai, etc.
In 2012, the company began a change in its research and development system, with a research and development strategy called “Modification for innovation, innovation for the future.” All major areas of disease, such as anti-cancer, sugar, urine, liver, intestinal nutrition, post-operative pain, mental illness, etc., are covered in the study.
Since 2013, the company has invested more than 3.8 billion yuan in R & D and 1,114 million yuan in research and development in 2018, and now there are more than 470 projects in the company ' s category a.  The fluid and raw material tablets are stable and continue to contribute to the company ' s cash flow: in the area of fluids, the company has already made a contribution to the project.
A steady growth of the raw material tablets, access to research and development, full industrial upgrading, competitiveness with both high-end manufacturing and new materials, harvest period, 62 per cent faster than expected
For reasons such as the overall increase in the concentration of the fluid industry, the continued optimization of the company’s product structure and the return on investment in quartz, we believe that the fluid plate 2, the colent medicine industry (002422); the formulation board.
The two-digit growth is expected to continue in 2019. The Tunning environmental problem is resolved, its environmentally sound products are listed successively, and the Tunning contribution is clear. We believe that the company's raw material tablet is expected to remain at its 2018 level and remain public.
Profit, fluid block efficiency, corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the company to become a net owner from 2019 to 2021.
We believe that long-term companies are still better growing, so we maintain an “upscaling” rating. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMS), Dong Oo has an investment advisory committee on securities.