Collon Pharmacy (002422).
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which generated $8,922 million in revenue during the reporting period.
10.55 per cent below the same ratio; 1.5 billion yuan net operating cash flow, an increase of 35.18 per cent over the same period.
The production, new drug industry and the future growth of the company are ten) and a large number of consecutive approvals have led to the branding and clustering of Colon’s pharmaceutical plates, and future collides are expected to make a sustained profit through large areas, multi-species, serialization, and grouping.
In addition, the company has been operating rapidly, laying a solid foundation for the subsequent replication of the drug variety. For example, Crash, Dot, Domón, and Domónite, after last year’s bid entry, began large-scale sales this year, with sales of $224 million, or 692.39 per cent more than in the previous reporting period; and multi-chamber products (Dot, Dot, Dot, Dot).
With $179 million worth of sales, an increase of 458.52% from the previous year, the supply of multi-bag products is now out of order, and the additional production lines will accelerate the increase in multi-bag sales by the end of the year. The spillover effect of the volume purchases is gradually reflected in the fact that corporate consistency evaluates the stock of products and ranks ahead of schedule.
As the company's first 4+7 winning product, it quickly covered more than 200 level-III hospitals in the city of 4+7 with sales revenue of $168 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 95.46 per cent.
It is expected that the first 4+7-band purchases will continue throughout the country, with further increases in the speed of the Boloth. 11 oral varieties of the company are now evaluated through consistency, with great potential for later release, and among the top sex evaluations of injectables, according to the Insight database, with 22 injections delivered by the company.
As a leader in domestic counterfeiting and development, whether declared or approved, Colon is among the top players in the market, without a large marketing team, relatively unchallenged price competition, cost advantages are highlighted, with a higher chance of winning the bid in the competition for bulk purchases, and promising significant profits to companies.
The financial and intellectual sources of the East, the Cullen Pharmacy Industry (002422).
The company’s research and development platform now covers the middle-downs of new drug research and development, with two systems of innovation around small, innovative, and biomagnostics. New drug research and development has grown rapidly over the reporting period, leading to a steady increase in the market share of soft plastic products, a rapid release of the company’s gastrointestinal nutrients, a steady overall increase of $5,179 million, an increase of 10.14% over the previous reporting period, and a positive push by the company.
The market for high Maori soft-plastic products has sunk, the product structure has been optimized, and the Māori rate has increased by 0.68 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Trunchin, who is suffering from the effects of raw materials medicine and income tax, is expected to improve in the coming year.
Prices for varieties such as 6-paa have fallen since last year and have affected profit release: (2) The boom in March 2019, which hit the chain of sorghum complexes (the leader of Shubattan, the power of the schubatan complex, which has been reduced), downstream plants have reduced production, the demand for the sorghum intermediate 7-aca has decreased, upstream producers have not delivered enough, and it is now expected that in the short term there will be oversupply for some of the product production in Kawaning, which has affected the market situation and profits, and that the country ' s environmental protection will be strictly checked over the long term, and access barriers have been raised.
High, low-performing output speeds up clean-up, prices are expected to return to stability, and corporate profits are expected to improve. The above-mentioned increases in generic drug sales and in the 4+7 variety, a significant increase in the profit ring of 2019q2 and a significant increase in cash flows are the result of an outbreak of growth in products such as Correte, Doreshu, and a reduction in the repayment period following the release of the Bermuda (4+7) q2 net profit of $411 million in 2019.
A 13.5 per cent increase in ring q1 (q1 net profit 362 million) and a significant increase in operating cash flows. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect companies to earn 19.459 billion yuan in 2019, 22.572 billion yuan in 2021, 25.958 billion yuan in business returns, net profit returns to mothers, sources of Eastern financial and intellectual booms, etc.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Cullen Pharmacy Industry (002422).
You have a long history of tracking the raw materials, medical equipment, blood products.
The research assistant’s profile covers the areas of raw materials medicine, chemicals, preparations export, etc. The researcher’s own views.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.