Performance meets expectations, life circle media networks expand - 2017 Quarterly Reviews 2018
The company issued its first quarterly report in 2018, and in the first quarter of 2018 it achieved operating revenues of $2.96 billion, an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period in the previous year, while the company expected a robust growth in its performance and a strong leader in net profits in the first half of the year.
By the end of the quarter, the company had formed a life-cycle media network covering about 300 cities.
Some 313,000 television media, covering approximately 93 cities and regions and 15 income structures (2017y) in the country, and about 11,000 television media outlets in allied elevators, covering 30 cities and regions of the country;
There are about 1286,000 self-employed elevator poster media covering 117 cities across the country, external purchase of cooperative elevators, 145 cities covering more than 224,000 media outlets, and over 1750 cinemas, 37 cooperative lines, over 11,800 screens covering about 300 places across the country.
Over the last six months, equities have been compared to 300 deep, and high-quality client resources have covered a wide range of industries.
(1) Media advertisements in the world of life, as opposed to traditional media, Internet media advertisements, create a mandatory view of the closed scene, a form of advertising with a higher rate of effective arrival and recollection, which coincides with developments in the industry. (2) Divisions are in the area of advertising in the building elevator media and in the pre-screening of Chinese cinemas.
The founder of the company, with its super-high market rate, strong market pricing and bargaining power, has taken full ownership of the sector’s markets. (3) Ali, Tanteng, Kyundong, Bounty, United States of America, Farmer Springs, Golden Dragonfish, Mercedes, BMW and General Motors are thousands of brand names.
Large, high-quality clients tend to be strong, credible, well-known, risk-resistant, big, sustained and steady increases in advertising budgets. Companies will combine the public with changes in stock market prices during the buyback program and the buyback implementation period.
The repurchase plan shows a firm’s confidence in its future prospects and a high degree of recognition of the company’s value.
Corporate risk includes, but is not limited to, macroeconomic volatility risks, changes in media resources leasing, increased competition in the market, stock restrictions and reduced exposure of financial investors. Listed companies in the advertising industry forecast a market gain of 19.90 times the median for 18 years, company valuations and transmissions.
The average for the media advertising industry is equal. As a leading advertising company for buildings, companies have opened up areas consistent with the trend in the advertising industry, and early entry has allowed companies to accumulate a great deal of resources, gain strong bargaining power and monopolistic profits.
We appreciate the fact that companies continue to exploit overseas markets while maintaining existing areas of advantage while maintaining the DG's “deprivedly increasing” rating.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.