Net profit of $1,207 million (oy: 9.1 per cent) and net profit after deduction of $1,068 million (youy: mediamanmenthong konglicited)
1. Business efficiency continues to improve: companies achieved 33.6 per cent growth in net profits after deduction in 2018. Market expectations are due mainly to stable growth at the end of the harvest, while costs are effectively controlled, with revenue growing by 17.63 per cent and operating costs increasing by only 8.53 per cent, with the largest share (the share)
Media rental costs increased by only 8.45 per cent on a year-on-year basis compared to 75.27 per cent, reflecting the company ' s greater bargaining power over upstream media resources, and the fact that the company ' s management costs and sales costs grew less rapidly throughout the year, at 12.10 per cent and 2.73 per cent, respectively, and continued to improve operating efficiency.
2. Elevator advertising works well, and the future of cinema media will be much better: in 2017, the building media increased by 22.7 per cent in operating costs, mainly because of the fragmentation of the domestic cinema market, pre-screening advertising, the early stages of development and the company ' s current expansion of media resources in the lead-up to the screening, subject to rental costs.
A faster increase will gradually release the marginal benefits of the pre-screening advertising business as the advertisers approve the pre-screening advertising market. Ten thousand, more than 24,000, were added, the largest expansion in recent years, with elevator television wide.
Large, well-positioned, cost-effective and resource-only; 1.211 million self-employed elevator poster resources, 53,000 more and steady growth compared to the previous year; elevator advertising out of the sea; company already at 18 Maysan Road, Hefu City, Anhui Province, China
The country's market has gained some 20,000 elevator television resources, covering 15 major cities in Korea, a company, the Angé International Finance Center, a national dollar bond, which responds positively to the country's “one-way” development strategy and will continue to “export” elevator advertisements abroad.
The expansion of corporate advertising media resources, which will soon be located in Singapore and Indonesia; 1610 licensed cinemas, with a cooperative screen of $11,680 (an increase of $1680). The expansion in the volume of resources augurs well for the expansion of advertising capacity and a strong business growth base.
The $400 billion buyback program highlights corporate confidence and value: on April 24, the company also released its stock buyback plan, which is intended to buy back the company’s stock with no more than $3 billion of its own funds at a price of $13 per share, within 12 months of its approval by the shareholders’ assembly, and will be used as a priority for the company’s employee equity incentive, not excluding the cancellation of a portion of the stock on a case-by-case basis.
The Division’s stock buyback program, which involves large amounts of money and may be linked to employee equity incentives, highlights management’s and staff’s confidence in corporate development. Profit forecasting and valuation: we think the company’s media resources in the elevator market are absolutely ahead, secure, and working together.
Competitors are hard to shake; companies have long-term deep-ploughed advertising markets, are familiar with the needs of advertisers and users, and the ability of advertisers to recruit is beyond the reach of their peers. We look at the value of the company as a community of life under the line, with annual revenues of $14.56 billion, $17.696 billion and net profits of $6.552 billion, $7.94 billion, ps.