We reiterate our commitment to the advertising industry (especially in the area of brand advertising, i.e. in the area of segmentation, in the same way)
Practicing No.: S03005160001 on the understanding of the effects advertising, e.g. mobile games) business model, size, barriers, leadership, brand advertising?
High brand loyalty corresponds to a steady and steady cash flow, and the central demand of advertisers in this category is the suppression of competition, i.e., that their brands win the hearts of the target clientele and that the maximum range of coverage targets be eliminated.
These advertisers’ natural partners are market-share leaders who can cover the mainstream population, and the Matthews effect is evident. The success of relying on traffic-based barriers to challengers depends on how well they succeed.
Whether or not to meet the core demands of advertisers, as well as shareholder background (with at least one industrial resource and capital) and shareholder tolerance for profit, is currently engaged in some 7-8 national advertising companies similar to the public, none of which are of a market size.
The consumer theory shows that when a market share leader exceeds the second 15 percentage points, he has the right to set the price. The current target market for the new tide is located in a small area, which is different from the crowd. We think the main problem is whether or not to cover the population.
Whether the owner, as a private place, is willing to access commercialization of this type after working hours, and whether the sale of regional resources to advertising companies is decided by the property ex parte or by the executive board (on behalf of the owner).
Source, success stories in related areas, etc. Profit forecasting and investment advice The market is caught in irrational competition, competitors have a high tolerance for profits, business expansion is not as fast as expected.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.