The company issued its 2017 report and its first quarterly report in 2018.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company achieved income of 2.960 billion, an increase of 22.28 per cent in the same year; achieved net profit of 1.207 billion, an increase of 9.1 per cent in the same year; achieved net profit of $1.068 billion, a growth of the same year; and proposed to launch a buyback plan of no more than $3 billion to demonstrate firm confidence in future development.
The company intends to repurchase the shares on a priority basis for the employee’s equity incentive, without excluding the cancellation of a portion of the shares, as the case may be.
Income growth has increased significantly, and the client structure has been further optimized. To benefit from the reheating of the advertising industry, the media recognition of buildings has increased, and the growth of corporate revenue has increased at a significant rate, with the growth of the 2018q1 company.
The top three sectors remain the Internet, consumer goods and automobiles, with a 22.85% share, a decline in concentration, a clear warming of consumer goods and a further optimization of the customer structure. Markets have been more concerned with the impact of competitors in the recent past.
The fourth screen and the fifth screen, which is represented by placards, have significant flaws in the business model (high television costs in the ladder and low degree of certainty in exposure; low cost and low visibility of placards).
Competition is not a new issue, and competitors cause some business disturbance on the one hand. On the other hand, competitors can stimulate the growth of companies, sharpen the overall quality of the company's sales team and the building development team.
Power to stimulate greater growth potential. 1.20170830_Building media continue to grow at a higher rate and raise the Māori ratio to add costs.
Advertisers sank in demand, competitors produce catfish, companies are expected to sank at a higher rate, controlling profitability is further enhanced, and net interest rates are further raised under business leverage.
3.20180301 _ Net profits for the year are in line with expectations, q4 q4 growth continues to accelerate.