The Māori rate for elevator media advertising continued to rise, and shareholder return schemes highlighted management confidence - further improvement in the Māori rate for the core main business in the public media, and continued improvement in cost control:
• New tide media price wars are not sustainable, and shareholder payback schemes highlight corporate executive confidence: new tide media burning money for price wars is unsustainable, is a short-term disruptive factor, and group media have accumulated over the years in the elevator media industry, with strong media attributes, marketing platform brands and industry monopolies
The company releases to the market the idea of a long-term, sustainable development for its management, taking into account the company’s current position in the industry (one of the largest markets), by publishing shareholder returns plans and investing in investment funds.
We keep an eye on the firm’s continued steady growth in its future performance. The company’s strengths are highlighted, and net profits are expected to grow at an all-year rate.
• The industry has a strong leader, who continues to deep-plough the river, maintaining a “recommended” rating: the same rate is the highest in the industry, and we look forward to the company's build-up of a “recommended” rating over the years in the elevator media industry.
According to the annual report and the quarterly report issued by the media on the evening of 24 April, the company ' s real operating income in 2017 was RMB 12,014 million, an increase of 17.63 per cent over the previous year, resulting in a net return to the mother of RMB 6,005 million, and an increase of RMB 2 per 10 shares for all shareholders. The company ' s operating income was RMB 2,960 million in the first quarter of 2018.
This represents an increase of 22.28 per cent; a net return of 1.207 billion yuan, a 9.10 per cent increase over the same period.2 The combination of the two main camps has led to a further increase in the Māori ratio.
There has been a marked increase in operating income for both the main businesses of cinema and cinema media; the Māori rate for core businesses has increased by 3.11 per cent compared to the previous year, and the overall Māori rate has increased by 2.28 percentage points to 72.72 per cent compared to the same period the previous year.
At the cost end, the company's overall cost was properly controlled in 2017, when it accounted for a percentage of the principal operating income, mainly the impact of interest payments on the company's participation in investment projects through loans made outside the country.
The ratio of R & D investment to R & D investment increased by 35.80 per cent over the same period last year. The price of the new wave media was a short-term disruptive factor, with less long-term impact on companies.
Price wars in the area of media advertising, which we believe to be unsustainable, short-term disruptions, and eventually a return to normal market prices, have accumulated over the years in the elevator media industry, with strong media attributes, marketing platform brands, and a monopoly of the industry, which has built the media.
As an absolute leader in the area of media, the media have a high degree of monopoly on the industry, and account for most of the city’s share. Currently, elevator television covers more than 80% of the mid-to-high-end office buildings; according to ctr, ipso.
The three main agencies of the Sino-Sung River study the market for elevator posters, which accounts for more than 70% of the total. The mass media reach 500 million urban mainstream people daily, covering 70-80% of urban consumption. 5 - Participation in the establishment of investment funds to integrate investment projects in their own right
On the evening of 24 April, the company issued an announcement in conjunction with its annual report stating that the wholly-owned subsidiary was willing to invest 50 million yuan in the investment fund and to invest 10 million yuan in the establishment of the investment fund, the second phase of which was set up by the company through “Inner Growth + Outward Merger and Purchase”
Further entrenching the industry's ecological layout, and actively investing in the M & As and another of the good ones. In recent years, the distribution media flow + equity model has generated considerable investment gains for companies, with financial advantages, multi-year branding, marketing experience and user-guiding capabilities, and is expected to boost their performance by integrating quality projects that are acquired and acquired through their own advantages.
Increase in the value of long-term and targeted corporate equity.6 Issue shareholder return plans to demonstrate management confidence in management Specific shareholder returns planning, mainly to establish cash equity priorities, cash equity distribution and current available profit distribution
By doing so, the company releases to the market the concept of long-term sustainable development of its management, taking into account the company’s current position in the industry, which is unique, with a market share of more than 70%, and the real business situation, which is both the level of increase in the Māori rate and the ability to control the cost rate.
The company’s leading role in the elevator media industry is strong, and it is also the highest in the cinema media market.
We look forward to the company’s build-up of a “recommended” rating over the years in the elevator media industry. The macroeconomic downside risks, and the advertising owner’s budget, fall short of the expected risks.