Performance is in line with expectations of a strong industrial leader, who is consolidated as China's largest online media platform, and the company has become a central online media platform close to the city's consumer life and an integral part of the city's consumer life.
By the end of March 2018, the company had formed a life-cycle media network covering more than 300 cities, of which approximately 313,000 were self-employed elevator television outlets, covering approximately 93 cities and local cities and regions of the country; and about 1286,000 self-employed elevator poster media, covering 117 cities of the country, outside.
During the reporting period, over 1,750 cinemas and more than 11,700 screens were contracted by the cinema media, covering more than 300 sites throughout the country.
In 2017, the cinema media industry achieved a total of 2.33 billion yuan in operating income after deducting value added tax, an increase of 14.14 per cent.
In the long run, the Quality Client Resources Stability Corporation has accumulated large, high-quality clients and established long-term, stable partnerships with large, high-quality clients. Ali, Tanteng, Kyoutung, Pocahontas, Unilever, Farmer Springs, Golden Dragonfish, Mercedes, BMW, General Motors, etc.
Profit forecasts: In recent years, elevator media, cinema video and the Internet have shown a marked increase, leading the entire media industry to an increase in advertising with a greater advantage.
At the same time, the industry has further consolidated its position as an absolute leader. We estimate the company's 18/19 ps as Open Source Securities Inc., 5th floor of the City Gate.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.