(g) Promotion of the ecological layout of the industrial chain by consolidating the leading role of the media in the life cycle;
In the first quarter of 2018, the company issued a report on operating income of $2.96 billion, an increase of about 40 per cent over the same year, and the advertising of buildings and cinemas grew steadily and consolidated its leading position.
Incorporation of the shop operations into the building media business, resulting in revenues of $9.38 billion, an increase of 15.99 per cent over the same period, and an increase of between 3.11 pct and 76.7 per cent in the Maori rate; and the cinema media business, a gain of $2,333 million. At the end of March, the company had approximately 313,000 self-owned elevator television outlets covering approximately 93 countries.
In 15 cities and regions, as well as in South Korea, there are approximately 11,000 combined elevator television media covering about 30 cities and districts, and self-employed elevator poster media about 1286,000 pieces covering the entire stock/flow (millions of shares)
Ten thousand media outlets; more than 1750 cinemas, 37 cooperative cinema lines, 12 months of maximum/minimum screens, over 11,800 screens, covering some 300 city viewers in the country.
Increased investment in technology research and development, and continued promotion of the ecological layout of the industrial chain by endogenous + extension. During the reporting period, company R & D costs amounted to 224 million, an increase of 35.8 per cent over the same period. The R & D projects included a new generation of smart advertising machines and associated broadcasting, surveillance, operating platforms, automatic identification and double screens.
In addition, during the reporting period, companies have invested their own funds in the creation of stars, the creation of niches, and the creation of niches.
The Golden Rudd, the Euphoria Investment Fund, which is mainly directed towards entertainment, smart manufacturing, and large consumption, helps companies to accelerate the construction of the industrial conglomerate. Profit forecasting: As consumption rises and media channels sink further, let’s assume that the corporate sector is in business.
The media (002027): consolidate the leading role of the media in life circles and promote the ecological layout of the industrial chain.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.