Events: 31 October 2020, three-quarter financial reports issued by the company, achieved in the first three quarters of the company.
The company is China's leading Internet and cellular security product and is an Internet security technology.
Design, R & D, operation, and cybersecurity-based products by 41.40%. Internet advertising and services, Internet value-added services, smart and hard
The company provides free Internet security and mobile safety products and a secure Internet for users.
In the first three quarters, the company realized $7,974 million, a 16.26 per cent reduction in the same year, and achieved net profit return activity access points and information content. As a result, the company accumulated a large share of the shares held by the company last year and recognized the proceeds, which led to its departure.
The second is that this year, affected by the epidemic, the company's related business orders, advertising and services, Internet value-added services, smart hardware.
The development and implementation of the project have been delayed, and companies are expected to return to normal as the epidemic is under control. In the long run, such business areas as long-term, companies have been built to be driven by core technologies, see, the importance of cybersecurity is growing, and policies are being put in place at the national level to emphasize the importance of cybersecurity.
Internet security, backed by product systems and secured by commercialization, will be an important part of future computer Internet deployments, and the inputs will continue to grow.
Industry growth is growing steadily over the long term. Political and urban safety operations, followed by project orders 360 political and business security groups supporting and empowering countries, governments, and enterprises, were the first to get involved in the country.
One of the safe businesses in the field of tob has been working with 90% of the ministries, 72% of the company, 100% of the big money, fast-tracked over Chongqing, Tianjin, Qingdao, Chengzhou, Chuhai, Shanghai, crane wall, Suzhou, Changsha, etc. at the city level, with security orders totalling over $1.3 billion, and company revenues continue to grow.
There is still plenty of room for the total equity/flowa unit (millions of shares). In addition, the new crown epidemic has exposed the current urban emergency response, analytical research, circulationb/h (millions of units)
There is still much room for improvement in the areas of command and decision-making, integrated governance, where companies, together with local government authorities, can build new numbers by building urban digital twin platforms that provide comprehensive real-time preventive early warning, controlled disposal and retrospective after-action analysis by building a safe urban brain.
The City of Wirtschaftsprüfer and Wisdom provides one-stop, full-scale, and full-scale urban-level safety and protection services. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company’s net profits for 2020-2022 to remain “recommended” for the future development of companies that lead in the area of cybersecurity, respectively.
The first three quarters of the company's Māori rate was 61.46%, a decline of 3.61pt and a net interest rate of 20.66%, a decrease of 33.59pt.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports 3600 (601360): Political and business information security operations are on their way and long-term performance is steady.
He's a rich and resourceful source of wealth in the East, and he's a member of the E.T.S.S.E.C.T. team, organized a team dedicated to research: cloud computing, I.N.S., medical information, industrial software, a.i.
The research assistant provides an overview of his research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Thirty-six (601360): Political and business information security operations begin, with steady long-term performance and no guarantee that the information and advice they contain will change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.