The semi-annual review in 2024: the harvest is relatively robust, the core system is continuous, the research assistant, Lo Woo-Kang.
(a) The concept of quality and sustainable development of companies. 1) The ratio of revenues from the management of scientific and technical services is between +9 and 720 million yuan, and the increase in income is mainly due to the iterative upgrading of investment trading systems and sustained strategic cooperation.
The same rate of revenues for S & T services + 4 per cent to 550 million yuan, and the increase in income is mainly due to the increase in the winning rate for products such as ta and valuation. 3) The same rate for S & T services - 17 per cent to 550 million yuan, mainly due to the slowdown in demand for existing products in the market, the incomplete release of demand for IT products and increased competition. 4) Risks and platform S & T services/data services
The core strategy of bio-focusing on top-of-the-art products is to secure resource inputs in key areas, focusing on the business opportunities of ai for financial science and technology, and constantly promoting the upgrading of new technologies and product renewal. In April of this year, text-generation algorithms in the Hesten Lightgpt financial field and the suppliers’ constant sources of convergence were applied to finance.
The Gil-gpt large model algorithm, which generates the scene of the information dialogue, will facilitate the normative application and innovative development of the financial sector into the form of a local service. 2) The core trading system continues to overlap. In May 2024, companies officially released the uf3.0 and the new generation solution for the investment trading system, o45.
The uf3.0 off-site trading order system has been successfully upgraded, with complete client-wide, business-wide, full-link letter-making and production single-tracking, and the o45 system, with the core advantages of a fully automated liquidation process, will drive the entire industry to a more efficient and safer direction.
The company and the China Foreign Trade Trust have entered into a new partnership to launch a project to promote the upgrading of technology in the management business; and the Sunshine University of the Ministry of the Interior has built a platform for intellectual research and development for the country's investments.
“Yiresearch” provides a number of intellectual energy to the financial sector in support of rural revitalization.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company is a leading domestic financial integer, and has been on the top of the 100-year list of full-scale Fintech 100 for 16 years, ranking 22nd in 2023 and first in China. But in the short term, Heung Seok Electronic (600570): Triannual Report 2022
Review: Recovering high returns and cost-control effects: Figure 2: Permanent Electronic Profit Forecasting Table (collected as at 23 August 2024) East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.