Technology performance is strong, and equity incentives highlight long-term confidence.
Events: The company released its semi-annual report for 2024, which generated 2,836 million yuan during the reporting period, the same body remained stable and, despite some market fluctuations, the company worked hard to adjust its management rhythm and strength.
Improved product quality and efficiency. Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies decreased considerably in the fair value of financial assets as compared to the same period last year. Moreover, the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies netted off non-recurring gains and losses were about $136 million, a decline in the same period.
The introduction of equity incentives highlights long-term growth confidence: companies introduce employee equity schemes and equity incentives Planning mechanisms, with 34 million stock options to be awarded to the incentive audience, about 1.80 per cent of the total corporate equity at the time of the announcement of this draft incentive.
There is a strong growth in the portfolio of S & T services and a multi-sourced configuration: the company's main business line branches include wealth, S & T services, operation and institutional S & T services, risk and platform S & T services, data services operations, innovation business, corporate funds, insurance core and financial infrastructure S & T services and other operations in place
Eight categories. During the reporting period, the growth and decline in business lines was uneven, with a decline in the share of wealth science and technology services, 16.99 per cent, affected by the slowdown in market demand and the incomplete release of the demand for information technology products; and a 9.17 per cent increase in capital and technology services, with strong performance, as a result of companies in the area of investment trading systems.
Significant progress; modest growth of 3.51 per cent in the operational and institutional science and technology services section, with a high performance of ta and valuation products; risk almost equal to that of the Platform ' s science and technology services section, with a slight decline of 0.25 per cent, and progress in risk monitoring and anti-money-laundering products; challenges to the data services business section, with a decrease of 3.51 per cent, but the base
Data products and smart investment products continue to be optimized; the innovation portfolio has grown steadily by 3.03 per cent, benefiting from a significant increase in wealth management services for Saas; the corporate, insurance core and financial infrastructure science and technology services have fallen by 3.96 per cent, but the independent operation of subsidiaries has laid the foundation for future development; and the other business units have developed.
The company ' s new generation of investment trading systems /45 successfully winning trusts and important projects of the bank finance subsidiary, the investment management platform Fusionchina, with ibor at its core, has focused its outreach efforts on ibor.
Market recognition. A successful national-level policy hit by the banking finance management system summit, a project that sets a new standard for innovative practices in financial science and technology. Online and upgrade of the system.
With stability and user experience, the continuous iterative nature of the Fusionchina platform provides a more intelligent period of growth for clients, and large-language model enabling product end-use research and development solutions that can be individualized and personalized.
In the first half of 2024, the company achieved significant results in the use of artificial intelligence in the management of the science and technology services section. The Division pursued the concept of “only making first-class products” to achieve technological breakthroughs through the uf3.0 system and the new contracts for the o45 system, as well as the development of the ibor investment management platform.
With the Light technology platform, companies have developed industry-led low-time, fast-moving business delivery and high-efficiency data-weaving platforms. In the area of telecommunications, permanent electronics provides a one-stop financial innovation solution, with products such as o45, ta6 certified by an exchange test, and
I am committed to producing this report in an independent and objective manner, in a spirit of diligence and professionalism, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.