Signing a memorandum of understanding with Audi to open a new joint venture.
Keywords: #Export Orientation#New Products, New Technologies, New Clients
The upper steam will take full advantage of its technological advantages, work with Audi to develop products, start a new chapter in joint ventures, and create a new win-win model for mutual benefit. The company signed a memorandum of understanding with Audi to explore new paths of electric intelligence.
Co-development: The upper-carbon group and Audi will jointly develop and quickly and efficiently launch a new electric vehicle model for the Chinese market, expanding the product mix of high-end market smart-net combined electric vehicles.
Launched in 2022, the Nebula Nebula has been upgraded to develop the concept of gradient, scalable, euphemistic, global market compact, medium-sized, medium-sized, luxury and sedans, running vehicles, suv, mpv, etc., with a multi-grade, multi-purpose, full-scale product using three-axis power-driven, two-high-pressure platform layouts.
A wider range of performances. Current models based on nebula platforms include mgmulan, solutions that will be developed through four main product lines: smart car operating system zos, smart-dried computing platform zpd, smart-cell computing platform zcm, cockpit computing platform zxd, step-by-step and split.
The stage of achieving programme output will take the lead on the upper-end pure electric intelligence brand smart model. A zero-banded full-barrel 3.0 will halve the number of domain controllers, five times the bandwidth, 30% the length of the wire, 70% the speed of the ota, and the eco-deepness of the iot.
Learning, self-evolvement and self-empowerment to achieve a continuous experience of intelligent scenes.
Upper Steam Group (600104): June Wholesale  Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: New Energy Three Systems + Smart Software Hardware at Corporate Core Technologies + 1.23%
This time, further collaboration with Audi will highlight the combined power of the company in the field of electric intelligence. We, The Upper Gas Group (600104): Wholesale rings in May.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.