Medicine: In-depth report (000661), March 13, 2017.
Deep-farm growth hormone markets, enjoying exclusive advantage and an age dividend, cover all growth hormone products, with water needles and long-acting agents as exclusive domestic products that take over the market on their own, with the needles accounting for about 30% of the market share. At present, the domestic growth hormone market is very large.
The ceiling has not been reached: (1) domestic market penetration is about 4 per cent, well below the market penetration rate of 30 per cent in developed countries; (2) second-child birth surges raise the population base of children of appropriate age; (3) growth hormones are highly consumer-goods-dependent, and companies increase their outreach efforts to expand the market.
The ovarian hormones are the largest share of assisted reproduction, divided into urinated ovarians and recombinant ovarians. The urea product was replaced by all imports in 2015 and the recombinant product was imported.
The policy of “full second-child” has led to a rapid increase in the number of older mothers, which will facilitate a significant increase in the market size of the assisted reproductive sector. The company’s restructuring has pushed the price of ovarian hormones below the price of Sheleno.
The growth hormone industry, with its advantage of quality and affordability, is expected to re-establish import substitution.5 The gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry seeks to match capital markets to enhance corporate performance.5 The company's core subsidiary, the gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry, has issued an announcement declaring its stock conversion successful and, in due course, launching a new trinity.
We expect the subsidiaries to be better off than the listed companies after the new three boards are successful. For two reasons: (a) the gold-spill industry and the capital market have been docked, and the company's performance will be linked to capital market performance, which will increase managerial motivation; and (b) the gold-spill industry will be well-placed.
The market value of listed companies is released, and the market value of listed companies is raised. 5-line 2 products are very competitive, perfectly replenishing the company's product lines. 100-gram organisms are growing by 34% this year and profit by 40%.
In addition, Essena is in the process of being marketed, with a high probability of production review and approval of a platform for the development of a mucous vaccine. The company’s product lines are heavily configured and are expected to be phased out over the next three years.
1. Long-acting growth hormones and reorganisation of the ovarian market have performed less than expected: 2, the branding of the prime pharmaceutical industry, the new three-board dilution of the stock holding ratio of listed companies; 3, slow progress in researching products and huge investment, etc. Changchun was founded in 1993 as the first listed company in the northeast.
The government held 22.36% of the shares in the company’s actual control. The company was founded with a majority of the local industry, and has gradually developed into a medical firm based on the sale of genetic engineering drugs, high-end vaccine technology platforms and Chinese pharmaceutical production.
The company currently has more than 30 products on sale, the main ones being polyethylene recombinant growth hormone fluids, recombinant growth hormones (polycerine and water pin types), injection of recombinant human ovary hormones, etc.
Freezing of dry water pox, rabies vaccine, blood pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary tablets, silviculture schizophrenia, saps, etc. End-marketing networks covering the country’s major and central cities have been established, and there are no plans to build or co-operate in the construction of 50 children’s hospitals or co-clinics.
With the implementation of the company's “full-channel” market development strategy, market coverage of whole-line products is bound to expand even more.
The company's business portfolio is divided into pharmaceuticals and real estate, with the pharmaceutical sector being broken down into genetic engineering drugs (Kingsai), biovaccines (100 grams of biology) and Chinese medicine (Hachacon medicine). Since the company's listing, the successful incubation of innovative projects has initially established the country's leading position and life in the genetic engineering pharmaceutical industry.
The company’s controlling subsidiaries, the Golden Race Pharmacy, the 100-gram Biology, and the Huakang Pharmacy, have a strong competitive advantage in their own medicine subdivisions. Over the last three years, the company’s pharmaceutical plate has achieved about 80% of business earnings and net profits, with the remainder contributing to real estate operations.
Of the subsidiaries, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry has contributed more than 40 per cent of their annual revenues over the past three years, with a net return of about 70 per cent, with a Māori ratio close to 90 per cent, which is the core guarantee of the company ' s annual performance.
In 2016, the gold-track pharmaceutical industry expanded the market for growth hormones and recombinant human ovarians, with a significant increase in the number of new development hospitals, newcomers and drug use times.
The marketing team is actively promoting the re-engineering of ovarian products, and the company is involved in the bidding process for public hospitals, which has been completed in six provinces and cities during the year and has been marketed.
100-gram organisms overcome the adverse effects of the Shandong vaccine incident early last year and return to normal delivery in the second half of the year. Pepsi vaccine grew back under pressure, with 4.3 million batches issued at a higher rate than in the industry. In addition, 100-gram organisms were developed on the international market.
Breaking through, the registration and bulk export of the Indian market was completed, and Indonesia’s registered testing plant was completed. The stability of the rabies vaccine production process in the Mayonu pharmaceutical industry was resolved, the number of issuances increased, the application for an extension of the product to 18 months was approved in January 2017, and the market bidding process was launched.
New product development has increased significantly, nasal influenza detoxification vaccine 1 and 11 has been completed and successfully entered into the first phase of clinical trials, herpes detoxification vaccine has entered the hysteria clinical phase, and the freezing of dry rabies vaccine is ready to enter the second, deep-cultivated growth hormone market, enjoying an exclusive advantage and an old-age dividend.
In 1996, Changchun Goung, in collaboration with Dr. Hae-kyu of the University of California, established the Kim Jing Pharmacy, which began with the development of the recombinant human growth hormone series. Before returning to the country, Dr. Kinjing was the world’s largest bio-system.
The pharmaceutical company Genentech Protein Engineering has developed genetic engineering for growth hormones and has become the first Chinese to win the Klein Prize (the highest prize in United States biology). The gold-spill industry finally developed it in 1998 after tackling a number of technical problems such as high-expression seed construction, high-density fermentation, high-activity product preparation, etc.
Since then, the Golden Race drug industry has created a non-crystal protein stabilization technology, solved the problem of the instability of the human growth hormone water solution, which was marketed in 2005 for water pin growth hormones; created a peg-modified long-acting agent, which started in 2014 for the mayor ' s growth hormones.
The gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry now includes human-promoting ovarians, aromatics, trauprins, growth hormones, and restructuring.
Human cell irritation factors and reorganisation of human cell cytocyte irritation factors, with growth hormones of corporate weight, pounds of product, which account for about 80% of the overall income of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry. Growth hormones are a protein hormone of the pre-folate glands of the human body, with 191 amino acid groups.
It's the most important growth agent in the body. The growth of children's height is mainly due to cellular colonization in the cartilage between long bones and bone bulges, and growth hormones are a significant contribution to the colonization of this cartilage cell. When they enter youth development, growth hormones are associated with sex hormones.
It causes a rapid increase in height. When a child suffers from congenital or acquired diseases that cause lack of growth hormones or inoculation, it causes shorter body sizes, even shorterness, and slow growth of various organ tissues throughout the body. Artificial gynaecologists restructure growth hormones and growth hormones from human cerebral nucleotide.
The use of gene-restructuring human growth hormones as an alternative supplemental treatment can significantly contribute to the growth of the height of small-deficit children and improve the growth and development of their entire organ tissues. After several generations of technological innovations, growth hormones currently exist in the domestic market in three categories: pink needles, water.
The combination of needles and long-acting formulations. Reassembled human growth hormones have different forms of powder and water needles, which are exactly the same for bed treatments, with no distinction between advantages and disadvantages, but each has its own advantages and disadvantages in the use of both types of agent. The greatest advantage of the dry powder type is that the conventional conditions of transport and storage are good.
To ensure drug activity and efficacy, drug preservation periods are longer, but needle injection operations are vulnerable to secondary contamination and dosage is not easy to measure with precision; water needle solutions are less stable and subject to changes in their structure and effects due to temperature, shock, etc., but water needle types are easy to use, do not need to dissolve processes and are localized.
Skin irritation is small and not easy to produce hard knots. In terms of prices, water needles are more than twice as high as a pink needle. The long-acting-type rationale is to change the structure of growth hormone molecules and extend the half-life of the drug in humans, thereby achieving an extension of the efficacy.
The 2016 annual report revealed that the company ' s Golden Race pharmaceutical industry had achieved revenues of 1,379 million, an increase of 29.85 per cent over the previous year, and net profits of 496 million, an increase of 29.84 per cent over the previous three years. We expect that the gold racing pharmaceutical owners will be able to produce more than 30 per cent growth in long hormones over the next three years, mainly due to the following three factors:
High market coverage and high technical barriers to products are not expected to be challenged by competitors over the next 2-3 years; 2, Long-acting formulations are marketed and growth hormone adaptive, allowing for growth hormone market cakes; and 3, due to the fact that growth hormone market penetration is far lower than in developed countries, coupled with the emergence of second-child fertility trends, future markets are expected to occur
Figure 9: Performance of the Golden Race Pharmacy 2 and Corporate Level - The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is the leading industry in the country's growth hormone series.
After the initial price was put on the market, the gold-supplier industry faced severe pressure to import the Swiss market for herbino products. After the initial price, the gold-supplier gradually introduced import replacements using exclusive water pin formulations, rising from less than 30% in the city a decade ago to about 65% today.
In terms of sub-products, companies now account for about 30% of the domestic market for needles, split with Ancobi and Union Sal, while the market for water needles and long-acting preparations, and the gold-track pharmaceutical industry are exclusive products, with an expected one-to-two-year exclusive advantage.
Long-acting growth hormones were selected for the iv clinical trials in 2016, most of which were delivered by gift and did not yield performance. This year, the product will be marketed on the market, opening up high-end markets and further expanding corporate growth hormone revenues. First, long-acting growth hormone half-life, one week.
Patients are more dependent and treatable; and secondly, while long-acting recombinant protein products are more expensive than short-acting products (long-acting growth hormones cost $450 per person per day, far-high water needles cost $120 per person per year, at about 180,000 per person per year, and above water needles, at about 60,000 per person), recombinant protein medicines are listed according to past patterns
Instead of crowding out short-acting product-type sales, long-acting products are listed in the market to the extent that the market size is favourable to overall consumption; finally, long-acting products with high technical barriers, which are now exclusive to the market, competition is still expected to take place for three to five years, and the gold-track pharmaceutical industry is able to take advantage of market heights.
3 - Industry — Three factors suggest that the current market is far from being as big as the ceiling, and that, apart from the growth hormones of the gold-spill industry itself, the current domestic growth hormone market is far from saturated and has great potential to increase.
About 7 million of them, 4-15-year-olds, are treated for growth hormone drugs, and about 2 million are treated for growth hormones. (Dwarfs due to low thyroid function, bone hysteria are completely closed, but are still small, family-specific hypothermia phosphorus pathologies, etc. are not suitable for treatment with growth hormones).
The number of people treated is less than 1 per 1,000 of the small population, estimated to be 200,000 to 300,000, with market penetration rates of about 4 per cent, well below market penetration rates of 30 per cent in developed countries; moreover, the onset of a second-child birth will significantly increase the population base of children of appropriate age.
According to the data, 186.4 million newborns were born in 2016, an increase of 11.5% over 2015. With 5 million women of childbearing age falling, the number of newborns has risen significantly, and the effect of the second child is evident. The number of new newborns is expected to peak in the next 2-3 years, owing to policy lags and selection problems.
The company expanded its market in 2016, increasing the number of sales workers from about 700 at the beginning of the year to more than 1,000 at the end of the year, and set up a management company to build 50 children's hospitals or co-operative clinics over 3-5 years to expand the market.
In addition, growth hormones will be of concern to a growing number of parents as the standard of living rises. Taking into account the current size of the domestic growth hormone market, which is about 1.5 billion yuan, the biggest market rule is expected to be three, the quality of the ovarian blisters is excellent, and a large single dose outbreak is expected.
In recent years, as the age of women at birth and the “age” of the two-child policy have increased, more patients want to seek assisted reproductive technology to reach pregnancy.
For four treatment processes, including “reduce regulation”, “provocal ovulation”, “inducing ovulation” and “yellow support”, assistive reproductive medicines can be classified into four broad categories of decomposition drugs, provination drugs, ovulation drugs and yellow ovulation drugs.
Degenerative drugs include Caprilyn and Cicric, which mainly control the stimuli cycle and prevent early ovulation: ovulation drugs include ovarian hormones, safrole hormones and Cromol, which act to promote the growth and development of ovarian bubbles; ovulation drugs, which include velvets, which act to promote the generation and maturity of ovarian bubbles.
ovulation induced by physiological conditions is simulated; yellow support drugs, including yellow and ground draught ketone, are used to prepare the intrauterine membrane for the embryo's bed.
The market share is 43.74%. Pulse is one of the most important hormones in both sexes, regulating growth, growth, adolescent maturity, and some reproductive-related physiological processes. In female ovarian nests, ovarians stimulate the growth of premature ovarian bubbles, and in male testicles, ovarians can be mentioned.
High male hormone binding protein levels play a crucial role in the formation of sperm.2 The market for ovarians has expanded gradually, and recombinant ovarian hormones are expected to become another weight in the gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry.
Female urine is extracted, and recombinant ovarians import coded ovarian genes through genetic engineering, and hamster ovarian cells produce biochemically pure ovarians of more than 99%.
The domestic market for ovarians is currently about 2.5 billion and the market share of re-organizing products is about 3.3:1. The urinary-promoting ovarian product will be fully replaced by a fully imported product, which is the exclusive product of the Leather Group. The market for re-organizing products is dominated by imports, of which Merk Shelleno is the leader of the market.
About 82.78 per cent of the total, about 15.83 per cent in Meshadong, and about 15.83 per cent in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry as new entrants. The current market share in 2011 was 10.1 per cent of all maternal births, with women aged 35-39 accounting for 8.3 per cent and older women aged 40 and 1.8 per cent above.
With the introduction of the “Single Two Children” policy, there was a slight increase in the proportion of older mothers in 2014, accounting for 12.2 per cent of all births, which was implemented by the end of 2015, and 19.9 per cent of all births in the first half of 2016, including a significant increase over the age of 40.
This particular “era dividend” will promote the market for assisted reproduction, as shown by the announced competition for recombinant reprogramming ovarian hormones six provinces and cities.
A decade ago, the Golden Race drug industry squeezed Snowfield as a domestic growth hormone tap, and, with its high and low-cost advantage, we predicted that the Golden Race drug industry would be able to re-institute the market for ovarians. Reorganise ovarians are expected to become another billion-grade heavy-pound product in the Golden Race medicine industry, 2017.
In 2016, 100-gram organisms achieved revenue of $346 million, an increase of 34.31 per cent over the same period; net profits of $75 million, an increase of 40.53 per cent over the same period.
The rabies vaccine has been reissued after process improvements (274,000). The vaccine will continue to benefit from the overall market expansion (two doses of increased preventive effect), while overseas operations are expected to accelerate.
Ethena is in the process of producing a review and is expected to be on the market next year. The pink rabies vaccine is in the process of being studied.
The company's product lines are well-structured and are expected to be phased in over the next three years, opening up the high-five, the gold-track pharmaceutical industry to be listed on a new three-board scale, releasing the value of the good-listed companies, and the gold-stock drug industry, a subsidiary of Changchun's new core, has announced its intention to launch a new three-board listing.
A subsidiary’s success on the third board does not dilute the share held by listed companies, but rather benefits more than listed companies. The reason is that: (a) the gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry and the capital market will be interfaced, and the company’s performance will be linked to capital market performance, which will increase managerial motivation and enhance the overall competitiveness of the gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry;
In order to reflect more objectively the market value of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, we are restructuring the proteins in the current market, a market price of which is now a product, in order to provide a more objective picture of the market value of the gold racing pharmaceutical industry.
The reason for the selection is that the main business of the same area in the northeast is a reorganizationr, insulin, with short and long-acting agents similar to the growth hormones of the Kinsey Pharmaceuticals industry;2 and the biggest expectation of the same industry is that three generations of insulin will be marketed in 2017, and this business will be comparable to that of the Golden Race Medicines industry.
Reorganizing ovarians is now 50.42, assuming the market values for recombinant proteins remain unchanged, and next year the gold racing pharmaceutical industry will grow by more than 30 per cent (more than 20 per cent more) and the gold racing pharmaceutical industry will be equally valued by 50 times.
Based on the foregoing assumptions, we use molecular companies to calculate market value, in which the market value of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry continues to be complemented by biopharmaceuticals, the health industry, and real estate development. The main reason for the performance growth during the reporting period is the increase in profits from the Golden Race Pharmacy industry.
A series of reforms will be introduced to boost economic dynamism, promote enterprise development, and create a sound business environment. Companies, as the only publicly listed companies with direct ownership of new zones, will have unprecedented opportunities in biopharmaceuticals, niches, incubation of high-tech technologies, investment in innovative industries, and companies will be able to do so.
In the areas of regulatory governance, project management and industrial development, new thinking and initiatives have been actively pursued for the core subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, which has begun the path of huge import substitution and performance surges since its first water needle re-organisation in Asia in 2005, and for the last three years, the Golden Race Medicine industry has contributed annually.
Looking back at history, the growth rate of operating revenue for listed companies slowed in 2014-2015, mainly because of the negative impact of the Changsha incident on the growth hormone products of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry. Through the aggressive marketing strategy adopted in 2016, the company gradually moved out of the shadow and the Golden Race drug industry resumed about 30% in 2016.
The net profits of listed companies increased from $7.52 million in 2007 to $485 million in 2016, and the net profits grew about 65 times over a decade, with a composite growth rate of 60%.
In addition, the company has phased out some of the lower-than-prevalence Chinese pharmaceutical products, increasing the weight of group proteins and biovaccination products. In recent years, with the growth hormone water needles in the gold-spill industry, the company has been able to produce a new product.
Substitution is complete, subsidiaries contribute close to 70% of the profits of listed companies each year, and listed companies are expected to maintain a net profit growth rate of more than 20% for the next three years. Ping, 47.72%.
The Division sought to replace the import of products, which led to a clear listing of three costs, eventually three or four years ago, the gold-track pharmaceutical industry, which is now fully imported, and the marketing management model is becoming more mature, with three rates decreasing from year to year.
In our view, the company’s current investment logic is three main points: the continued good performance of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, the sharp performance of second-line products, and the new three-board plan of the Golden Race Medicines industry. The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry’s performance is high.
The gold track drug industry is doing well, with a 30% increase in revenue and profits in 2016, which is expected to continue for the next three years. The logic is essentially two: 1; the gold race drug industry is a growth hormone; the domestic flagship; and the growth hormone market is far from the ceiling; 2; and the reorganisation of the prognostice is expected.
It will be the next billion-grade heavy-pound product. In addition, the second-line product performance and the new three plates proposed by the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry also add a lot of imagination to the company. (1) Long-acting growth hormones and reorganizing ovarians are well marketed and growing.
A 30 per cent growth in the performance of veggie needle formulations is maintained; (b) the brand-new three-boarding of the diamond industry is well under way; and (c) the development of second-line products is well under way, with continuous replenishment of the company ' s product lines.
Long-acting growth hormones and recombinant ovarian market performance were lower than expected, the gold-track pharmaceutical industry had a new three-board dilution of stock holding by listed companies, the slow pace of research and the gradual increase in inputs.