The company's depth report, the pharmaceutical biology industry, has entered the new fast-changing long-term bioheadings - the depth report of the long spring highs and highs.
Characteristics and core logic of the report: This report provides an in-depth study of the trends in the development of existing/understood pharmaceutical products and domestic and foreign market patterns, as well as a detailed analysis of the history of the development of similar products abroad, demonstrating the future performance of Lee Ping-hoon
On the one hand, we have combed the pathologies, diagnostic criteria, and treatments for child dwarfism, proving that growth hormone treatment for non-resilient diseases leads to a “only drug” character. The company’s growth hormone technology lead industry, with peg-based long-activants, being the exclusive species of the country.
The history of the development of long-acting drugs on the market has demonstrated the ability of the growth hormone long-acting type to take its share of the market. On the other hand, we have organized treatment mechanisms, commonly used drugs, and market patterns in the field of assisted reproductive medicines, confirming the great potential of ovarian hormones in the field of assisted reproduction.
It fills a gap in national production and will benefit from the expansion of our market for assisted reproductive medicines, contributing to elasticity of performance.2 Genetic engineering medicines are organized around growth and development and assisted reproduction, with product technology leading and market potential. Long hormones is the only drug used to treat the small size of non-resilient bodies.
Less than 1%, and the market space is vast. Kinsey's growth hormone product is well-lined: new applications for water needles are moving faster, with single-parent clinical completion and expansion of marketing channels will significantly increase the rate of child-inflicted treatment and product penetration, and help to accelerate growth hormone growth. The market for assisted reproductive medicines in our country will increase and expand with infertility rates.
The company’s restructuring of ovarian hormones, which fills a gap in national production, is actively pushing the bidding process to achieve a breakthrough in its performance.3 The vaccine industry is in a state of shock and is entering a new stage of development.
The 100-gram vaccine was the least affected by the poison vaccine, and after the first batch in 2016, which validated the high quality of the year’s negative events, a six-month extension of the process modification product was completed, with a frozen dry powder powder in development, the performance will continue to improve. At the same time, the company will be brought into line with the international frontier vaccine technology to develop non-injecting vaccines.
The company’s research and development investment in new medicines has always been relatively high, and many new drugs/adaptation are currently in the research and development phase. We think Esseina’s water needles were approved in 2017.
It is hoped that the market for diabetics in the glp-1 class will be launched as the country’s best model. At the same time, we are looking at 100 grams of bio-connected international cutting-edge technology to build a non-injected vaccine platform through nasal flu vaccine and mucous vaccine technology.5 Corporate investment suggests that companies are the domestic biopharmaceutical leader, and that genetic engineering drug performance will accelerate growth: growth.
The re-engineering of ovarian hormones to fill the national production gap and hopefully lead to import substitution; the company’s vaccine business is entering a completely new phase of development: the chickenpox vaccine is on the move to international markets, and rabies vaccine will be upgraded through process adaptation and agent-type upgrading.
We believe that the future growth of high corporate performance has been determined, with projections of 2017-01-25: the biological leader of accelerated growth.
2017-02-28 Long Spring High New Year Report: Vaccines perform better than expected, biochemistry leads 1 and growth hormone monolithic advantages combined with the expansion of marketing channels to accelerate growth. We believe that companies grow.
The growth rate of hormone performance will accelerate: (1) growth hormones have a “sole” attribute and have a low penetration rate in the country. Growth hormones are the only medicine used to treat non-suppliers with small sizes. We have more than 7 million children with short-deficit conditions, but less than 1% of treatment, and we measure that growth hormones in the country treat only over 11 billion yuan of the ghd market capacity and are far from saturated. (2) Water needles and long-acting agent shapes the public.
Water needles can maximize drug bioactivity, the current growth hormone performance is largely due to needles, and two of the new applications for adaptive disorders have entered the iii clinical phase; long-acting types can significantly increase patients' dependence, and the iv bed is now well under way and is expected to be completed in 2017. We have combed the history of long-acting drugs, and we have discovered that they have been upgraded.
The company’s paediatric sales team, which already covers the first developed city, will continue to expand in the future to cover the county level in the advanced regions. And the company will use the Sea’s Child Hin Hospital as a template to set up and promote a full-scale model for child growth and development and to steadily promote the development of the growth hormone product pipeline.
2. Reorganizing human-induced ovarian hormones to fill gaps in national production, with potential for import substitution. We believe that corporate restructuring has huge market space for ovarian ovarian hormones: (1) ovarian hormones are the dominant drug in the domestic field of assisted reproduction, and the market for future products will expand. Evonic hormones represent more than 40% of the domestic market for assisted reproductive medicines, and will grow and become full over the years due to infertility.
We measure the market capacity of about 6 billion yuan, well above the current market size of 2 billion yuan. (2) Imports, recombinant products dominate the domestic market and there is an import substitution space. In recent years, the market for urinary-promoting ovarian hormones has been shrinking, and reorganizer-promoting hormones have been monopolized by the foreign companies of Cherano and Ocanon, with a market share of about 70% and a more import-substitution space.
The company's products were the first to be recommenced and sold in six provinces and cities, and the bidding process will be actively and orderly in the future, leading to a breakthrough in its performance.3 The vaccine industry is in a state of a state-of-the-art phase.
Essentially eliminated, we believe that the company (1) has a very good quality vaccine and continues to release it on the international market. The company’s vaccine is the least affected by the poison vaccine incident and bears high-quality attributes. Registered and exported in India and elsewhere in 2016, it will continue to expand international markets. (2) The rabies vaccine is undergoing process modification, and the dry pollinator model is under study.
The problem of the canine vaccine process has been completely resolved and has been extended for a period of six months with a frozen dry agent model, and performance will continue to improve.4 After a rich product ladder, the company has been able to maintain a high level of investment in new drug research and development, and is currently in the research and development phase with a large number of new medicines/resilients.
Access to mucous vaccine technology for the development of new non-inoculation vaccines is also expected to be on the market at the earliest 18 years. (2) The Ai Sena water needle is expected to be approved in 17 years, becoming the country’s best model. The imported drugs now occupy the domestic glp-1 market, and the company Eisenau is in the process of declaring new drugs for approval and is expected to enter the glp-1 diabetic drug market as the country’s first model (3).
The development of the rest of the products is progressing well. The development of frozen vergo rabies, golden past anti-injection fluids, herpes detoxification vaccines, AIDS vaccines, acetic traline microballs, acetic acetyllite microballs, and so on is progressing well.
We have detailed the pathologies, diagnostic criteria and treatments for child dwarfism, and have demonstrated growth hormones as the only attribute of treatment for non-resilient little drugs. Long-acting growth hormones are a strategic product of the company, and although clinical progress is slow in IV, more than 2,000 clinical data can build up high-quality material, laying a solid foundation for product promotion and advancement in the European and American markets in the country.
And in the case of insulin analogues and particle cell stimulators, historical data show that the products will quickly take up the market share when they are upgraded; and that the expansion of the company's marketing channels in the field of paediatric growth and development will soon begin to grow in volume, and we have studied in depth the therapeutic mechanisms, commonly used drugs and market patterns in the field of assisted reproductive medicines, which support ovulation hormones.
The company will contribute to the elasticity of performance by restructuring ovarian hormones that successfully fill the gap in national production and that will benefit from the expansion of our market for assisted reproductive medicines. The company is the domestic leader of biopharmaceuticals, and we believe that the performance of genetic engineering medicines will accelerate: new applications for growth hormone water needles will be adapted.
Rapid progress, long-lived clinical completion and expansion of distribution channels will boost higher product growth. Reorganizing ovarian hormones to fill gaps in national production is expected to lead to import substitution: the company’s vaccine business is entering a completely new phase of development: the chickenpox vaccine is on the way to the international market, rabies vaccine will be lost through process modification and agent upgrading; the company’s middle-manufacturing performance is expected to overcome the negative impact of industrial policies.
Small growth; corporate real estate will continue to grow steadily. We believe that the growth of the company’s future high performance is largely determined, and the catalysts for stock price performance are: the expansion of growth hormone distribution channels, the restructuring of human-driven ovarian hormones for import substitution, the accelerated internationalization of water and pox vaccines, and the approval of the Essena pin.
Main risk factors: less than anticipated long-acting growth hormone iv clinically, less than expected recombinant human ovary hormone market, vaccine safety risks and policy risks, less than anticipated new drug development.
(i) State-owned holdings dominated by the pharmaceutical industry
As one of the first companies to be listed in the Northeast, shares were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in December 1996. The company combines research, development, production, marketing and services, and insists on drug production and marketing as its main business, complemented by a real estate development strategy.
More than 30 products, mainly engineering medicines, vaccines and intermediate drugs, are sold, covering areas such as child growth and development, assisted reproduction, endocrine, cardiovascular, and urinary systems. Corporate marketing networks are well developed, with more than 1,800 marketing personnel, autonomous marketing networks covering all the country’s central and central cities, and vaccine products are radioactive in regional markets such as Asia and South America.
In the area of arms and medical services, full-source market development strategies will be accompanied by a greater development of full-line products. Figure 1: The new stock structure of the Changchun and the new stock structure rapidly grew into a biopharmaceutical leader and contributed to high growth in corporate performance.
In 2007, the company received 410 million dollars, or 63 per cent of the company ' s total revenues, and in 2016 it reached 2,318 million yuan, or more than 80 per cent. In recent years, the company ' s share in the company ' s pharmaceutical operations has increased its contribution mainly to biopharmaceuticals, mainly based on genetically restructured medicines and vaccines.
Companies value new research and development, and R & D inputs are still higher than ever. For many years, companies have insisted on science, technology and innovation as the first priority for development, and the share of new drug R & D investment has been increasing to provide safeguards for drug research and development.
A genetic engineering industry platform, a biovaccine industry platform, a medium medicine industry platform, etc., has been developed and developed in an autonomous or cooperative manner to increase the project’s stock. The development of new medicines/adaptations is progressing well: clinical trials for growth hormones declaring new adaptive conditions are progressing well, and the iv phase of long-lived growth hormones will be completed.
Clinical batches are expected to be obtained in the first half of 2017; clinical batches are obtained for rabies vaccine against single and frozen rabies; clinical trials i and ii are completed for herpes with tape; clinical trials iii are expected for nasal inflammation vaccine; and Essena water needles are in a state of new drug approval and are expected to enter the market for diabetic drugs as the country ' s first generic drug and to take their share of the market.
(ii) The main pharmaceutical subsidiary covers the fields of genetic engineering medicine, vaccines and Chinese medicine.
This year, it was co-financed by Dr. Kim and Dr. Changchun, who held 70% and 24% of the shares, respectively, and who held the post of Managing Director. Since its inception, the company has focused on the field of child growth and development.
After 20 years of development, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, with its excellent and effective management capacity, has grown into an absolute leader in the field of human growth hormones in the country. At the same time, the company has expanded to the reproductive field, and in May 2015 the company's reorganizers made the ovarian hormones market, successfully filling the national production gap for the same product.
The government has supported the introduction of the new three boards of the Golden Races, but there is still uncertainty about whether the interests of large and small shareholders will be the same.
While promoting the independence of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry from the capital market, the Golden Race drug industry is currently on the third board, but there is uncertainty about the process. If the gold race succeeds in implementing the central State Department’s initiative to revitalize the old Northeast industrial base, it has received the attention and support of local governments.
The company is required to communicate with the exchange in accordance with the rules of the law, in order to achieve the gold race. The Changchun New District Council sends a letter to the Hong Kong District Council stating the position of the local government.
Listed companies promise not to lose their shares in the gold race, and their holdings and controls will not weaken. If the gold race is followed by financing, the company will be involved in the same proportion. The only possibility for future dilution is to create equity incentives for the management of the gold fortress, but at present there is no pressing need for equity incentives for its employees, so that the equity held by listed companies is minimally diluted.
The industry has no equity commitment to its employees, so it has no expectations. The current system of production in the industry does not have a significant impact on the business performance of listed companies, and on the motivation of the management of the industry.
In March 2004, a company funded by the listed company set up the 100-gram Institute of Drugs (100-gram precursor), a high-tech company that collects, produces and sells a single package of biological vaccines.
In the month, the 100-gram Institute of Medicine was officially renamed 100-gram organisms: in May 2007, the company spent $40 million on the acquisition of the Macintosh organism, and in August of the same year, the rabies vaccine (vero cells) was used by people who were produced by the Maifeng creature to obtain a gmp certificate; and in June 2008, the company produced a frozen dry water pox to detoxify living vaccines that were officially placed on the market.
In 2016, the company’s rapid growth in rabies was mainly due to higher market occupancy, cost control, price increases for some regional products, and bulk exports to the Indian market. The company’s research and development technology for the production of verbs was advanced internationally, and in 2016 it was toxic.
At the time of the vaccine incident, when the total volume of the domestic market for the vaccine dropped by 33% on a year-on-year basis, the bulk issuance of company products fell by only 13%, the market occupancy rate was 32%, and the quality of the company’s vaccine product was confirmed. The company’s seedlings have now entered the international market, completing registration in India, Nigeria, Guatemala, Bangladesh, Turkey, Thailand, etc.
The country is in the process of registering. The company ' s vero rabies vaccine has been improved: at the end of 2013, multi-patient injection companies completely resolved the problem of the rabies vaccine process, the product was approved for a six-month extension in 2017 and is currently actively involved in the bidding process, and business is expected to improve continuously in 2017. Meanwhile, frozen rabies vaccine is an important research product for companies.
Clinical trials are under way. In addition to existing products, companies have multiple vaccines in the research and development phase. In February 2012, the company signed a cooperative project with Biodiem for a nose-infested influenza vaccine, which is now in the iii clinical trial phase and is expected to be marketed as soon as possible in 2018 and will open up the country.
In April 2014, the company invested in the Dutch company Mucosis to acquire mucous vaccine technology, which allows the company to develop rsv and other new vaccines based on the minipath technology in China and Asia.
The company’s main product is in the field of cardiovascular and urinary system diseases. The Chinese market’s Huacon pharmaceutical plant was established in 1990, the Chinese market’s Huacon pharmaceutical plant was established in 1993, and in March 1998 it joined with five companies, such as Changchun Gaoxing and others, to establish the Long Spring High Huagang pharmaceutical company. The company’s main product in the middle-class medicine sector is pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary, silver urinary venomous sterilizers, etc.
The hysteria pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary tubes, etc., which are developed twice on the basis of the blood strung pulmonary pulmonary capsules and are now protected for the country's health-care species.
Inflammation is undergoing a clinical trial in the iii period. The performance of listed companies prior to 2003 was dominated by the Chinese medicine of the HALDE industry, and the company’s performance has increased slowly, owing to such factors as the increase in bid prices since 2016. The company is currently working to expand product market coverage through upgrading marketing patterns and through the development of channels, and to continuously increase the streptoccal pulmonary pulmonaries.
The company has several varieties at the research stage. The Chinese pharmaceutical research and development team focuses on phenogens, Xiyangbi chemicals, and their biology.
Activism studies have made a major breakthrough in the deep development of man-trapped soaps, mastering techniques for the synthesizing and splitting of human-coated soaps, using structural modifiers, hand-made synthesizing and splitting techniques, synthesizing a series of man-made soaps, such as pseudo-couplesgos, and the scale of the process, which has reached a moderate test level for anti-cardio-muscular lack of blood, and have now obtained a ii/ii series of clinical study batches. In addition, the company has a coronary heart disease.
The rash tomato capsule used to regulate haemorrhage is undergoing a ii clinical trial in the field of irritation. II. Water needles and long-acting-type relays to maintain high growth hormone growth. (i) Inconsequential hormone treatment has a "unique" properties, internal seeps
Child growth is influenced by multiple factors such as genetic factors, neuroregulation, hormone regulation, growth factor regulation, nutrition and the environment.
The long process is controlled by growth hormones (grovethhormone, gh), insulin sample growth factor 1 (insulin-likegrothfactor1, igf-1), insulin model growth factor combination proteins (igfbindingprotein, igfbp), and growth hormones play an indistinguishable role in the process.
The basic physiological function of gh is to stimulate the growth of all tissues, increase the size and number of fine cells, affecting almost all organizational types, including bones, fats, immune systems, and reproductive systems. The main role is to stimulate the growth and fragmentation of bones, cartilage cells, and there is a correlation between multiple cell growth factors, especially the igf-1.
gh works in two ways to regulate vertical growth, metabolism and bone transformation of bones: (1) via the igf. gh stimulates the liver to release the igf, which is used by the igf to promote growth in the cartilage cell. (2) directly. gh-tight combines with the ghreaths on the surface of the cartilage cell and stimulates growth.
The types of diagnosis involved in the diagnosis of the diagnosis of the diagnosis of the diagnosis of the diagnosis of the diagnosis of the diagnosis of the disease are probably divided into questions about the history of the disease, medical examinations, laboratory examinations (conventional examinations, bone age determinations, special examinations, etc.).
Then, by analysing the information and data obtained from medical history inquiries and examinations, it is easier to identify non-endocrine defects caused by malnutrition, psycho-psycho-psychotic, family-specific shortness, and smaller than the child’s birth age. Finally, a special examination of the hypothalamus-gh-igf-1 axis should be carried out in cases where there is a suspected lack of birth hormones.
The lack of dysentery or cerebral nuclesiastic growth hormones can be treated using growth hormones. Figure 9: Diagnosis of the causes of Dwarf Disorders shows that there are about 7 million children with Dwarfs in the country, with a treatment rate of less than 1%.
According to the U.S. Institute of Endocrine Genetic Metabolism, 3% of the population suffers from hypochondriac diseases. The total number of treatable dwarfs between the ages of 4 and 15 is currently around 7 million, but less than 300,000 patients are treated each year.
The lack of growth hormones is one of the most dominant causes of dwarfism, accounting for more than 40% of the cases. The disease is complex, and it is common to have growth hormone deficiency (grovethhormondefiency, hd) and epigenesis (idiopathicshortstature).
The precise distribution of the causes of hypothermia in the country is not clear, and according to our study and compilation of public information, growth hormone deficiency accounts for more than 40%, the most dominant cause of the disease;
The growth hormones are the only drug used to treat subdisorders caused by non-resistible diseases, and the treatment window is 4-15 years of age. The growth hormones are 4-15 years of age: growth hormones in children around 4 years of age and thyroid hormones are largely formed.
Eating and sleeping habits are also gradually emerging, and there are physical defects; bone hysteria is closed after the age of 16 and loses its potential to grow. Therefore, clinically, children younger than 4 years of age are small and generally not treated with growth hormones, whereas in the case of childhood diseases diagnosed as growth hormone deficiencies, they can only be promoted by injection of growth hormones.
Child growth: If non-growth hormones, such as turner syndrome, epidemiology, prader-willi syndrome, are diagnosed as lacking in physical body and are found to be small, the effects can be increased by injection of growth hormones, although they do not lack growth hormones; for secondary diseases, such as primary decomposition, kidney inflammation, and nephrotic acid poisoning, growth can be restored by treating height.
Figure 12: The treatment of Dwarf Physics: Growth hormones have evolved over almost 60 years, forming the form of recombinant growth hormones, water needles, and long-acting agents. The first generation of growth hormones, the human pituitary growth hormones, was extracted in 1958 by Raben from the recently deceased human cerebral locomotives for the treatment of children ' s dwarfs.
Confucianism, the first to be applied clinically, is the growth hormone. Due to the low production of human pituitary source growth hormones, their low relative purity, their high number of bioresistants and their vulnerability to feeder viruses, and the persistent reports of their leading to Kayas disease (neurological degenentechosis), Genentech developed a recombinant growth hormone containing 192 amino acids using the macrointestinal entomersal encapsulation technique.
(met-rhgh), one more amino acid at the end of n than natural growth hormones, the disadvantage of which is that the process is complex, pollution-prone, antibody production high, purity and activity low, and is gradually phased out. In the mid-1980s, the use of colitomole gene expression techniques synthesized 191 recombinant human growth hormones containing amino acids, compared to natural growth hormones, although, in comparison with natural growth hormones,
In the late 1980s, life hormones containing 191 amino acids were synthesized using mammalian cell recombinant techniques, and the product structure was closer to natural growth hormones, but animal cells were growing at a slow rate, received low rates and stored.
At the beginning of 1990, synthetic growth hormones were used using genogenic expression techniques based on genogenus, which are consistent with the composition and structure of natural growth hormones and have high product activity, purity, absorption, safety and stability, and are now widely used as growth hormone production techniques.
Late in the year, by combining the techniques of coliclastic expression with the techniques of protein water stabilization, the human growth hormone water has been recreated. The water pin type avoids changes in the protein spatial structure caused by the needle during the freezed dry process and further reduces the incidence of antibodies. In the twenty-first century, people tried to apply long-acting technologies such as peg chemical modifiers, microballs, transparent acids, etc. to heavy weight.
Group growth hormones can reduce the frequency of injections and increase patients' dependence. Reorganisation of growth hormones has a remarkable effect and high safety in treating dwarfs. We have read five nationally published literature evaluating the effects of restructuring of human growth hormone treatments, and the testee has significantly higher heights in the back of treatment than before treatment: it has a clear effect on ghd.
After a year of injection, the average increase is about 10 cm; the treatment of siss is also good, with an average increase in height of about 8 cm in one year. Grow hormones are used as a hormone, with minor side effects, and a sharp contrast to the larger side effects of thorium hormones.
Study of study, ncgs, Australia and New Zealand Growth Database (australianandnewzealandgrovethdatabase, ozgro) and Pfizer International Growatabase, kigs) on restructuring human growth hormones, with a low overall incidence of adverse reactions, such as sodium sodium retention and healthy cranium stress (1.2 per cent), and reduced insulin sensitivity
(Recovery over time after drug cessation), type ii diabetes early (0.34 per cent), male breast growth (0.32 per cent), spinal baboons (0.2 per cent) and skating of femurs (1.57 per 1,000), among others, resulting in a better overall safety with recombinant growth hormone treatment. (ii) Slow growth in the international market, which is far from saturated in the domestic market.
1. The growth of international markets has slowed, and the market share of Nord and Nord has continued to grow, and the global market for growth hormones has been stable in recent years. Reorganizing growth hormones has been covered globally in more than 60 countries, and the market is dominated by five companies, Pfizer, Nord and Nord, Rhodes, Reilly and Sherano.
Market size grew from $2.07 billion to $3.13 billion, with a compound growth rate of 5.07 per cent. Between 2013 and 2015, the global market for growth hormones remained stable at around $3.6 billion.
In 2005-2010, the international market was dominated by Pfizer’s genotropin products. Since 2011, Norditropin has been the world’s largest in terms of growth hormone sales, with a steady increase in sales of $1.304 billion in 2016, an increase of 12.1 per cent.
2. The domestic market is far from saturated, gold-sales products dominate, the effects of the Changsha incident are eliminated and growth hormones are returning to high growth. According to the pdb database, the high rate of growth in the country from 2008 to 2012 was high, the rate of growth in 2014 affected by the Changsha incident declined significantly, and growth hormone production from the Changsha incident began in 2016
The negative impact of the products has been eliminated. In the first three quarters of 2016, sample hospital growth hormones were sold at $210 million and recovered to 30%. Figure 17: Total growth hormone sales in sample hospitals in the first three quarters of 2005-2016 (billion dollars) and the growth rate. The size of the domestic growth hormone market is far from reaching the ceiling. In the first three quarters of 2016, sample hospital growth hormones were sold.
The market is still far from saturated: according to epidemiology and population, there are about 7 million patients with short-term illnesses, with 4-15-year-olds as a treatment window.
According to the latest statistics, the proportion of potential patients is approximately 2.8 million. Treatment programmes are 0.1 - 0.15 iu/kg.d, children ' s average weight is about 30 kg, and the powder type is 15/iu, and the watering agent type is 41/iu. According to the latest statistics, the urban and rural population account for 57% and 43% of growth hormone production, respectively.
In urban and rural areas, the penetration rate is 20% and 10%, respectively, and the ratio of treatments in urban areas is 6:4, in rural areas, the ratio of treatments in the form of needles and needles is 9:1, while the market for growth hormones exceeds 11 billion yuan.
Growth hormones are also commonly used, the above-mentioned adaptive conditions in the United States have been approved by fda, the country is in the clinical trial phase of new applications for adaptive conditions, and the market capacity for growth hormones is expected to expand further and the market is far from saturated.
Domestic growth hormones have been replaced by domestic growth hormones, and the gold-raced pharmaceutical industry has become a market powerer based on water pins. In the domestic firm, the pharmaceutical industry has three types of needles, needles, and long-acting products, all of which are marketed only on a powder-type basis. So domestic growth hormones and needle-type competition are intense, and imported products do not compete with domestic manufacturers because of their small profit margins.
In China, the "Shin" growth hormone powder was approved in 1998 as the first listed country to produce long hormones, followed by Ankobi's "Assume" and United Sal's "Jean" powder, which was approved in 1999.
According to the pdb database, the market share of Sherano and United Sal was not significantly different in 2005, at 36% and 33% respectively. After sherano was bought by Merck kgaa in 2006, the market share of Sherano rose rapidly to 46% through its well-established marketing network.
It's a “backlight” and, because of the high competition for the powder type, the “sense” is less profitable as an imported product, and the “supplier” water needles were approved for sale in January of that year, and the “ging-up” long-acting growth hormone injection was a deadly blow to the products that are known for being imported. In 2014, the “shin” officially withdrew from the Chinese market, while the gold-spill industry was expanding its market by using the “water pin” type and marketing channels.
By 2015, 65 per cent of the market share was already in place, with other market shares dominated by Ancobi and Union Sal. (iii) Water needle + long-acting relay shapes corporate growth hormone dominance.
High barriers to water needle-type processes allow for the highest degree of bioactivity of pharmaceuticals. High technical barriers to water-based needles: Genetech’s growth hormone needles were marketed on the face of 1985 and in 1996 the water-based needles were marketed. It was not until 2000 that Nord and Nord became the second company in the world to have the technology of growth hormone water-based needles, which is an indication of the high technical barriers.
And it's more operational than a pollinator: the powder type uses freezing dry technology that, to some extent, destroys the natural structure of proteins, and is prone to polymeric reactions, creates high molecular proteins, increases the incidence of antibodies, and operates in a cumbersome manner that can easily become secondary contamination.
In addition, the water pin type is easy to use and precise. The gold pin will accelerate growth by sinking the channel.
Ancient organisms withdrew their applications for water pins in early 2016, and according to their third quarterly report in 2016, their bioequivalency of water needles is being studied for clinical sample testing, statistical analysis, and preparation for declaration of production. Meanwhile, Nord and Nord growth hormone needles have been approved for entry into the Chinese market and are expected to be marketed in 2017. But Kinsey has a well-placed marketing channel for paediatric growth and development.
It now covers a large number of developed cities, and will continue to expand in the future to cover the county-level municipalities in the developed regions. We expect that the growth hormone water needle-type of the gold fortress will grow significantly with a well-developed channel layout. 2. Long-acting iv clinical progresses well, laying a solid foundation for the market entry of products.
Polyethylene diol is a synthetic polymer approved by fda for internal injection, which significantly reduces the drug’s half-life and extends the drug’s long-lasting effect. Polyethylene diol modifier technology is a combination of active polyethylene molecules with protein molecules, because polyethylene diol is toxic, immunopathic, good biocompatibility and increases the relative molecular weight of the drug.
Space barriers are created around the occasional drugs, so pegification avoids the rapid decomposition of the drugs in the kidneys, leading to prolonged half-life in the body, increased efficacy, reduced toxicity, and the identification of the drug by the immune system. Professor Frankdavis of the University of Rutgers of the United States introduced pegification techniques in the early 1970s, beginning with Enzon in the 1980s.
Peg-modified proteins are being studied. Peg-modified drugs from internationally recognized pharmaceutical companies such as Anjin, Rhodes, and Preym are on the market at the end of the 1990s, and anti-polycerine antibodies are currently available, including pegasys, neulasta, peg-inf, peg-g-csf, peg-intron, etc.
The company polyethanol reorganizer growth hormone is the world’s first peg long-growth hormone, which can significantly increase dependence, and the failure to release it will further increase the market share of corporate growth hormone products. In August 2014, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry launched the world’s first peg long-lived growth hormone – polyethanol recombinant growth hormone – reducing the frequency of injections from daily to weekly.
The long-acting type is significantly higher than the water and powder type, but has the advantage of reducing the number of deliveries, increasing the duration of clinical treatment, reducing the pain with which patients are treated, increasing the dependence of their use, and maintaining a high growth in the auxiliary growth hormone performance. The company’s rival Anko Bibi's three-quarterly report for 2016 shows that its long-acting type is in progress in ii, ii.
Historically, the upgraded long-acting type must take up a market share quickly after it has been marketed. We illustrate the inevitability of the long-acting type’s share of the market through the example of the g-csf of insulin, which is the world’s first long-acting insulin analogue, with a daily injection frequency of one in 2000.
Lantus, first listed in Germany and Sweden, landed in the United States in 2001 and now covers the world's major pharmaceutical markets, followed by products of the same kind - Nor and Nord's insulin-levemir and Devin-sulin-tresiba products. The market share of long-acting insulin-like products has been growing, with global mainstream producers selling insulin-like products amounting to over $18 billion as of 2016.
G-csf is mainly responsible for the growth, partitioning, and activation of blood cells in the mesocellular system. Clinical treatment is mainly used to prevent and treat leukemia caused by neoplasm or chemotherapy, and to treat bone marrow-based blood functions.
Barriers and bone marrow growth anomalies, prevention of potential infection complications from the reduction of white cells, and recovery of the reduction of neutral particle cells caused by the infection have accelerated. The reintroduction of g-csf products dominated the market in absolute terms. Its neupogen was marketed in February 1991 as the global first recombinant g-csf product, with sales in 2000 amounting to $1.26 billion.
When the peg-long-acting type of neulasta was approved, it showed up and quickly seized its share of the market. In the third year of listing, the share of neulasta sales was close to 60%. In 2015, neulasta sales amounted to $4.715 billion, or more than 80%.
Accumulated clinical data and accumulated material for academic promotion. Long-acting agent types are listed as strategic products, and reliable clinical data are being accumulated for domestic markets and advanced markets in advanced European and American countries through the iv phase of clinical trials, as well as for academic purposes. The company plans more than 2,000 samples for the iv phase of clinical trials, with an average of six months of treatment.
The Department has completed more than 1,000 clinical trials of patients, and we expect to complete all iv clinical trials in 2017, laying a solid foundation for product extension and advance to the Euro-American market, and further scaling up of growth hormone products.
Water needles and long-acting types will strengthen the market position of products through new adaptive disorders. By comparing growth hormone disorders in China and abroad, domestic products are mainly used to treat the lack of growth hormones in children, while foreign products are used more widely.
According to the information disclosed by the listed companies, the Kinsai pharmaceutical industry's "sibling" needles and "sibling" long-actors are also developing new adaptive conditions and are at different stages of clinical research.
The disease is at the stage of clinical ii research. Thus, from the perspective of adaptive conditions, the domestic growth hormone market still has the potential to grow, and the diamond growth hormone product can consolidate the market position of the product through new applications for analytic conditions and further promote the release of the product. (iv) Sales channels expand the volume of the aid product.
The company will continue to expand its paediatric sales team to cover the county-level municipalities in the developed regions, and to accelerate growth of growth hormones. Kinsey growth hormone products have achieved coverage in the first-line developed cities and are in absolute dominance in the market. The company growth hormone sales team, with more than 600 people in 2015, expanded to more than 800 in 2016, is filling up growth hormone sales with an increase in sales staff.
In the future, the company will continue to expand its marketing team to cover the county-level municipalities in the developed regions, and the growth of the hormone product will accelerate. Chongqing and Shanghai Children’s Children’s Hospitals are functioning well to facilitate patients’ access to health care.
Ali Tefou, Shanghai Xieng, co-financed the Kimba High Hospital Management Corporation to increase growth in growth hormone products at the end of the process by self-built, acquired, or controlled child growth and development hospitals, while avoiding the risk of marketing in large hospitals.
From the existing Chongqing and Shanghai Children’s Children’s Hospitals, there is a significant contribution to the prescriptions, and the patient’s access to the hospital is evident. The company will use the model as a model for the establishment and promotion of a fully-fledged diagnostic model for the growth and development of children.
In the future, Kinsey will use the Shanghai Children’s Hospital to tangle and develop a fully fledged diagnostic model for growth and development of children, and to deal with a range of developmental issues, such as early sexual contact, autism, etc.
Reorganisation of human ovarian hormones to fill gaps in national production and import substitution periods (i) ovarian hormones are the dominant drug in the field of assisted reproduction 1. ovarian hormones dominate the domestic market for assisted reproductive medicines
The future of the market for assisted reproductive medicines, influenced by the increase in the incidence of infertility and the policies of children. According to WHO, infertility affects 10-15% of the world ' s population. The incidence of infertility shows a marked rise and rejuvenation due to environmental pollution, the rapid pace of life and high work stress.
Nearly 40 million people, or 12.5% of the population of childbearing age, are well above 3% in the 1990s. The main methods of infertility are assisted reproduction (in vitro infants, artificial insemination), surgical treatment and drug treatment, among which the most widely used.
At the same time, the full liberalization of the two-child policy will facilitate the development of the drug market. According to statistics, there are about 140 million married women of child-bearing age who have had one child, and the policy of two children in late 2015 has been fully liberalized, with 18,46 million live births in 2016, an increase of 11.5 per cent compared to 2015, with two children and more accounting for one.
According to the pdb database, in 2015, the sample hospital supported the sale of reproductive medicines to a total income of 1,365 million yuan, of which 41.3 per cent was ovarian hormones (as a proportion of the total ovarians).
43.4%. Elevated ovarian hormones act as a catalyst for the growth of ovarian bubbles, and can contribute to ovulation in conjunction with yellow-generated ovulations. The ovarian ovarian hormones (fsh) are hormones from the alkaline cell partitioning cells in the prostate, which are sugar-based protein hormones whose physiological effect is to stimulate the growth of premature ovarian bubbles in ovaries until they mature into grafts.
Further studies show that ovarian hormones can regulate growth and development, adolescent maturity, and a range of reproductive-related physiological processes, and that ovarian and yellowized hormones play a crucial role in the synergy of reproductive-related physiological processes.
Reassembled human ovarian hormones have a series of advantages with high technical barriers and high psychological acceptance of patients Reorganised with no significant differences in efficacy compared to urinated ovarian hormones, but with high technical barriers to production and easy to accept by patients.
Reorganizing ovarian hormones expressed by mammalian cells, the urea-source product derived from the separation of ovarian hormones from the urinary fluids of menopause women. While there are no significant differences in the efficacy of the recombinant products, the production process is complex, the technical barriers are high, there are qualitative controls, stability, low pollution risks, and patients have a higher psychological advantage, thus enjoying higher pricing.
The main products are Gonaphs (gonal-f) in Mercherano, Preygon (puregon) and Kanon in Eastern Europe. The main products of the urinary ovarian hormones are Reshembo of the Leather Group and Ford Monk in the Swiss ibsainstitutbiochimique.
The price range is $123~143. (ii) The domestic market is not saturated and there is an import substitution space for the re-programming product.
The global reorganizer market for ovarian hormones has been monopolized by Gunnofen and Plycan. Gonal-f is the reorganizer for ovarian hormone alpha produced by the Italian company Celano. Since the beginning of 1997, the sales of Gonafine have increased from 504 million euros to 685 million euros, with a combined annual growth rate of 6.3 per cent, with a market share from 6.3 per cent.
56% increased to 67%. Puregon was a reorganizer listed by the Dutch company Ocanon in 1997.
:: US$ 760 million and US$ 383 million respectively, or 67 per cent, were sold in Gonafin in Sherano and Pulicon in Ocanon, respectively. Figure 28: Sales of Gonafin (million euros) and acceleration. 2. Extension and import substitution space for ovarian hormone products by domestic reorganizers.
The domestic market for ovarian hormones is dominated by the Sherano, Ocanon, and Leather Group, which now has import substitutions for their products. The main products of the domestic market for ovarian hormones are the imported reprogramming products, Gonaphine and Pricom, as well as the urinary source product, Lishembo.
According to the pdb database, the total sales of ovarian hormones in the sample hospitals in 2015 amounted to $560 million. Of these, Lishen Po is competitive on the basis of a price advantage, accounting for 22.8% of the market share. The import restructuring products of Shelano and Ocanon account for about 70% of the market share and have considerable import substitution opportunities.
Figure 30: Competition patterns in the domestic market for ovarian hormones in 2015 The share of urinated ovarian ovarian hormones has been shrinking and the share of reorganised ovarian ovarian hormones has continued to grow. According to sales of ovarian bubsters in pdb sample hospitals, urinated ovarian bulge hormones were growing at a high rate from 2008 to 2014, with an average annual compound growth rate of 44.8 per cent.
Reorganizing the Reorganizing Man's Booster sales remained stable at an average annual compound growth rate of 9.5%. In 2014, urin made up 38% of the market share, reaching a peak. From 2015, the sales of urinary origin products decreased significantly, with a market share of only 24%. Reorganizing the Reorganizing Man's Pulse hormones increased at a rate of about 75%.
The domestic market for ovarian hormones will be magnified by a year-on-year increase in the incidence of infertility and full liberalization of the two-child policy. Currently, the domestic market for ovarian hormones is about $2 billion, leaving the ceiling untouched.
The pdb database shows a market share of about 22.8%, thus reversing the fact that the domestic market for ovarian hormones in 2015 was close to 2 billion yuan. As a result of the year-to-year rise in the incidence of infertility and the trend towards rejuvenation, and the total liberalization of the two-child government, the domestic market for ovarian hormones will be expanded further.
According to the Chinese Population Association, the number of patients in China is close to 40 million, accounting for 12.5% of the population of childbearing age, which is much higher than 3% in the 1990s. We account for 25% of the total infertility cause, assuming a 20% osteoporosis penetration rate, with a ratio of 7:3 for patients who choose to restructure and urinate products and 130/75iu for reorganizing products.
The course is four weeks, and the domestic market for ovarian hormones is close to $6 billion. At the same time, with the full liberalization of the two-child policy, the Commission anticipates 90 million new couples, of whom over 40 years of age account for more than 50%, and will further expand the ovary (iii) gold races, which have successfully filled the national production gap in recombinant ovary hormones and are expected to achieve import replacements.
In May 2015, the re-organizers of the gold-supplier industry successfully filled the national production gap in the re-supplanted product. In 2016, the product sales team, by actively participating in tenders for public hospitals in various parts of the country, was lucky.
In 2017, the company will continue to make an orderly bid for the provinces, which will be sold in the future through self-employed and proxy mergers. We believe that the reorganisation of the company is expected to replicate the successful model of growth hormone import substitution.
Fourth, the vaccine industry is in a state of disarray and entering a new stage of development. (i) The country's vaccine market is promising, and the poison vaccine incident has accelerated the development of industry norms.
As a large country with a large population, our vaccine industry has been boosted by the demand for strong disease prevention caused by rising standards of living. In 2005-2015, our vaccine market grew from 6.5 billion yuan to 24.5 billion yuan, a year-on-year average. The expansion of vaccine varieties will further develop its market potential, and our vaccine market is expected to rise to 50 billion yuan by 2020, five years.
In March 2016, in Shandong, a series of illegal vaccinations was launched nationwide, with a large number of children and adults being transported for sale to 24 provinces and cities without a strict cold chain. In this context, in April 2016, the State published the State Council Decision on the Revision of the Vaccine Flows.
The decision on the regulation of vaccinations and the prevention of vaccinations has resulted in changes in the regulations governing the circulation of vaccines in the country, particularly those in category II, and has strengthened the supervision of the vaccine industry through a number of measures. The new policy no longer allows pharmaceutical wholesalers to operate vaccines, and the change in the policy has led to a huge increase in the entire vaccine distribution system.
In addition to the changes, there is some impact on vaccine-producing enterprises. Figure 33: Changes in vaccine circulation routes before and after policy changes The negative impact of the poisoning vaccine incident has been phased out, contributing in the long term to the development of industry regulation and regulation and upgrading of the country
In the short term, this vaccine accident affects the trust of the inoculations in the country’s vaccine production. In the case of second-type vaccine production enterprises, the re-routing of second-line seedlings has led to the disqualifying of vaccine conduits, the return of the disease seedlings produced in the previous quarter of the production enterprise, and the subsequent failure to press on the suppliers of the inoculations has led to the production firms to actively reduce their output in a short period of time.
As per capita spending on health care rises each year, national demand for disease prevention will grow. This incident has triggered national regulation of the vaccine industry, which will lead to the development of norms in the vaccine industry and raise national confidence in vaccine consumption.
In 2016, 100 grams of organisms were released from the adverse effects of the poison vaccine incident, which led to a decline in the distribution of public vaccine batches, but less than in the market as a whole, and the quality of the company ' s vaccine product was validated. In 2016, 100 grams of organisms achieved $346 million (+34.31%) in net profit of $75 million (+40.53%).
The higher rate of increase was due to cost control of the vaccine, price increases for some regional products, bulk exports from the Indian market, and increased market occupancy. Meanwhile, the problem of the rabies vaccine production process was completely resolved, with the product being granted an extension of six months. (ii) The rabies vaccine entered the international market, and it is expected that the rabies vaccine will lose its profits.
The vaccine is the only way to prevent the infection. The infection is characterized by skin rashes, which spread to children in spring autumn, and more than 90% spreads among children. It is mainly transmitted by air, direct contact and vertical transmission of mother and child.
In 1971, Japanese scholars at High Bridge separated the zillion patients from their herbs to receive the zillion-trash virus (varicella-zostervirus, vzv) and shared human embryonic lung cells, guinea pig embryo cells, and double human cell culture.
The strain became a poison strain recommended by WHO for use in the production of a live water pox vaccine. In 1995, Merk’s water pox vaccine was first approved for children under 12 months of age, and the pox vaccine was widely used in the United States. It was widely used in our country after the twenty-first century.
Between 2010 and 2015, the total number of vaccinations issued increased from 1.35.6 million to an average compound growth rate of 8 per cent per year. In 2016, the outbreak affected the vaccine industry as a whole.
There is still room for growth in the market for chicken pox vaccines. According to WVI, the total number of newborns in 2016 is about 18,67 million, and the number of newborns is expected to exceed 17 million per year in the future, one dose (0.5 ml) for children under the age of 1 and 12 and two doses for children over the age of 13.
Since 2011, the market has been monopolized by long-lived organisms, 100-gram organisms, healthy organisms, and Shanghai, and the amount of company products issued has been consistently distributed.
The 100-gram life vaccine for freezing dry water pox has been selected as a production cell using the mrc-5 human double cell recommended by WHO, the oka poison strain has been selected as a production device and has an autonomous intellectual property right to the bh-2 dry protection that can be effective in addressing the problem of high drop-down stability of the pox vaccine, which is technologically advanced at the international level and has a preservation period of 36 months (higher than the product of the same kind).
18 months) is the world’s longest-serving vaccine for chicken pox. In 2016, under the influence of a toxic vaccine, the total volume of the domestic market for pox vaccine has fallen by 33% over the same year. But the bulk issuance of corporate products has declined by only 13%, and the market share has risen to 32%, reflecting the high-quality properties of the company’s pox vaccine.
Registration in countries such as Nigeria and the achievement of bulk exports to India, Guatemala, Bangladesh, Turkey, Thailand, etc., is under way, and it is hoped that future product release through international markets will sustain steady growth in performance.
The rabies vaccine is an effective way to prevent rabies. The rabies are usually transmitted through sick animal bites or scratches. They are the most common acute infectious disease, with an almost 100% death rate in the event of an attack. Thus, rabies vaccination is the only way to prevent rabies.
Emergency post-accident immunization treatment and pre-exposure vaccination for persons at risk of exposure to rabies are the most promising rabies extinction vaccine. The development of rabies vaccine has gone through roughly three generations: neuroorganic vaccine, the avian embryonic vaccine age, and the cell culture vaccine age.
While the avian embryo vaccine has reduced neurological paralysis, the level of antibodies is less than that of neurological tissue, the birth of avian embryo vaccine accompanied by cell culture, and the phasing out of its use. Cell culture vaccine is divided into three categories: human double-cell vaccine (hdcv), intergenerational cell culture vaccine, and intergenerational cellular vaccine.
Hdcv has a high immunogenesis and tolerance, but the cost of vaccines is very high because of the difficulty of developing double-cell cells, the complexity of the process and the relatively low drop-rate of the virus produced. The original culture-cell vaccine includes the dosage renal cell vaccine, the dog kidney cell vaccine, and the chicken embryo cell vaccine. Its advantage is that it does not have to freeze to save cell strains, but each batch of vaccines needs to be checked before production.
The number of animal organs is an important factor limiting the industrialization of the original vaccine. The transgenic cellular vaccine, vero cell vaccine, is a new technology developed in late 1984, and the vero cell is a kidney cell of African green monkeys that can be developed with microcarbular techniques.
From 2010 to 2012, the market for rabies rose steadily, with rabies passing 80 million vials of rabies in 2012 and about 16 million through the issuance of rabies in 2012.
In 2016, as a result of the poisoning of vaccines, the volume fell to less than 60 million bottles. Currently, about 15 million people are scratched or bitten by cats and dogs every year, while, as the number of domestic pets continues to increase, the overall demand for rabies is expected to exceed 20 million doses, with batches of about 100 million vials on average.
The price is 40 yuan/subsidiary, and the market size of the rabies vaccine is about 4 billion yuan. According to the distribution data for the last five years, the vero rabies are dominant in the market by virtue of their high cost, stability and low side effects, accounting for more than 90%.
The manufacturers have large, long-lived, non-nician, biological, eugenic and ecstasy industries, with larger organisms taking a larger share of the market. In 2015, 3.916 million bottles of rabies were issued, yielding $824 million and a Māori rate of 86 per cent. The market for rabies in the ecstasy industry was low: a serious shortfall in the use of multi-patient injection companies ' rabies vaccine at the end of 2013
In 2016, the company completely addressed the issue of the rabies vaccine production process, which was extended from December to 18 months in February 2017, and the sales are expected to continue improving. Meanwhile, the frozen vergo rabies vaccine is an important research product for the company, and clinical trials are under way.
Refrigeration rabies are produced by rabies producing giants, ogres, eugenics, and long-lived organisms. The frozen vero rabies are more stable, with lower local injection incentives, lower post-injection negative response rates, and easier transport, and are becoming market-oriented. According to data from the domestic rabies vaccine market in 2016, the frozen vero rabies are issued.
(iii) International front-line technology, with a large number of projects to enrich vaccine product lines, and in addition to frozen dry vero cell rabies vaccine, the company has a large number of vaccines in the research and development phase, which will add more vaccines to the future market.
In September 2012, 100-gram organisms were authorized by the Australavia Biolidiem Vaccine Corporation (AUSVI) for influenza virus mitigation (laiv), a platform that includes two different methods of vaccine production: chicken embryos and cellulose breeding. This agreement will use chicken embryos to produce seasonal and pandemic influenza vaccine techniques.
The technology will fill the gap in the country’s nostril injection route for influenza vaccine. As of 2016, the product was reported to have entered the iii clinical trial, which is expected to be completed in the first half of 2017 and will be marketed as soon as possible in 2018.
There is no patent dispute over the company’s nostril flu vaccine technology. The nostril flu vaccine technology allows the strains that produce the vaccine to acquire the properties of preventing the current epidemic, cold adaptation, and detoxification.
Biodiem, a company that uses traditional natural reprogramming techniques, acquires viral strains. The American technology of medimune is acquired through the acquisition of aviron, and the product flumist uses anti-genetic reprogramming techniques.
Corporate products have been approved to fill the gap in the national nostril injection route for influenza vaccine. The influenza pandemic is an acute respiratory infection that is a serious threat to human health. According to WHO, influenza affects 10-20% of the population at the time of the outbreak. That is, it also causes 3 to 5 million serious cases and 250,000 to 500,000 deaths in a non-exposure year.
In contrast to the traditional influenza vaccine, the nosin influenza vaccine has no muscle, for example, the product was the world’s first-ever nosin influenza vaccine, which was marketed in the United States in 2003 and in the European Union in 2011. Flumist sales have been growing steadily since it was marketed, reaching $295 million in 2014.
The main reason is that in June 2016, the United States Center for Disease Control ' s Advisory Board on Immunization (Acip) considered the flu to be ineffective and recommended that its use in the United States be discontinued, resulting in sales in the United States of only $33 million a year, or 84 per cent less. We believe that despite the fact that flostmit ' s global sales fell in 2016, the company stated that it had lost its share of the flu.
Our own research data and the statistics of other national public health authorities contrast sharply with those of the United States CDC on the efficiency of prevention (50% vs. 3% efficiency), so we are still looking forward to the use of nasal inflammation vaccine technology. If approved, 100 grams of bioproducts will close the gap in the country’s nostrils.
2. Investments in mucosis, access to mucous vaccine technology Investments in mucosis, the company could develop rsv and other new vaccines based on miniopath technology in China and Asia. In January 2014, 100 grams of biology and mucosis signed an agreement with Mucosis and the company acquired mucosis
Mucosis works on the development of mucous membrane vaccinations against infectious diseases, such as nasal, oral vaccinations. mimopath particles have the full composition of bacterial cell walls, their size and shape are identical to that of the original bacteria, and they can be swallowed by the organism, especially.
It's a mucous membrane, which effectively induces immunopathy, especially mucous. The first flugem vaccine developed using mimopath technology entered the i-clinical research phase in Europe in 2011. The syngem vaccine, based on mimopat, is used to prevent infection with the respiratory syndrovirus (rsv). Respiratory syndrovirus infection is an infectious virus.
According to WHO, every year rsv is infected by about 64 million people worldwide, with over 160,000 deaths. 100 grams of life can develop new rsv vaccines in China and Asia, as well as other new vaccines based on mimopath technology, with huge market space.
The Chinese pharmaceutical business is expected to overcome the impact of industrial policies and achieve a small increase (i) the efficacy of the pharmaceutical treatments in the company’s main business is the national priority, the treatment effects in the company’s main camp are the national priority, the blood hysteria and the silver flu are the national priority.
The main products in the field are hysteria pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary tablets, ceremonary pulmonary pulmonary tablets, and silver pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary urinary diseases. The second development of cerebral pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary capsules is now a national health insurance category A species.
(ii) Increased secondary development investment to tap into the market potential of existing products. Medium medicine operations are expected to overcome industrial policy impacts and achieve low performance through expansion of marketing channels and secondary development of existing varieties.
Since the 2015 health-care control policy was accelerated, Chinese medicines have been affected by a decline in bid catalogues, large price reductions, and more pressure has been placed on them, and sales will continue at a slower pace in the coming years. But company-owned products, such as hysterectomy, silver-policing, and coronary pulmonary tablets, are precisely therapeutic varieties, and the price reductions have been found to be modest.
At that time, the company made efforts to expand the market coverage of its products through upgrading marketing patterns and full-source development, and continued to increase its investment in secondary development of existing products, such as strangulations and silver-chips, to fully exploit its market potential. In 2016, spending on secondary development of existing products, such as silver-chips, streptoccal pulmonary pulmonary tablets and twig capsules, totalled $13.3 million, an increase of nearly 80 per cent.
The company’s pharmaceutical industry is expected to grow slightly over the next few years, despite the negative effects of industrial policies. (iii) At the advanced stage of clinical research, the company has some drug reserves.
Sex research has made a major breakthrough in the deep development of man-trapped soaps, mastering techniques for the synthesis and splitting of man-capped soaps, the use of structural modifications, hand-made synthesizing and splitting techniques, the synthesis of a series of hand-made man-soaps, such as pseudo-couples, gq, the scale of the process, the medium-test level, which is used to combat myocardial amplitude, and the ii/ii series of clinical studies that have been acquired. In addition, the company has coronary heart strung.
In the area of pain, the iii coronary ecclesiastes are undergoing clinical trials, the rash tomato capsules used to regulate haemolyte are in the course of the ii phase, and the Essena water needles are expected to be approved in 2017 (i) glp-1 drugs are rising faster than in the global market for diabetic drugs.
According to idf and WHO, the global number of diabetes patients was 108 million in 1980, reaching 366 million in 2011 and exceeding 415 million in 2014. The number of patients is expected to reach 552 million by 2030, with a 33 per cent increase in diabetes patients over the next 15 years, and diabetes will be the seventh leading cause of death in my country.
Diabetes is even less promising, with idf accounting for the highest number of adult diabetes cases globally in 2015, with 109.6 million patients and an estimated 154 million by 2030. Insulin is the dominant drug for diabetes, with a marked increase in the glp-1 group of drugs.
The size of the market for medicines is about $60 billion, of which the market for diabetics from mainstream global pharmaceutical manufacturers is close to $40 billion. Statistics show that between 2010 and 2015, insulin remained the dominant drug for diabetes, accounting for nearly 60% of the total, but the market for glp-1 was growing rapidly, with sales increasing from $1.1 billion (4.5%) in 2010 to $3.9 billion in 2015.
glp-1 is a new drug for type ii diabetes, and mainstream drugs include Lilalupe and Essena. glp-1 plays an important role in the development of type ii sugar urinary disease, which helps diabetic patients to reduce their post-dinary blood sugar and maintain their blood sugar at constant levels. glp-1 is a glucose hormone that is glucose-based and glucose-based.
This is done in the form of insulin beta cells, promoting transgenic transfer of insulin genes, increasing biosynthesis and secretion of insulin; stimulating the growth and separation of beta cells and curbing the death of beta cells, thereby increasing the number of insulin beta cells, curbing the spread of insulin, and reducing the appetite for cooking and eating, and slowing the emptying of stomach contents. The main drugs currently in the glp-1 market are Lilalupe and Essena.
Victoza was launched in 2008 by Nord and Nord, and Ethena (byetta) and Ethena (bydureon) were developed by amylin, which were listed in 2005 and 2012 respectively, and acquired in 2012 by Aslicon and Minami. Byetta and Victoza were listed in China in 2009 and 2011, respectively. Byetta and Victoza were listed in China.
The largest market share of thugs, with sales of approximately $2.68 billion in 2015, was close to $900 million during the same period. Figure 44: Global market size for glp-1 drugs ($ billion) 2010-2015: (ii) Esseline is expected to be the first domestic market for diabetic drugs of the glp-1 type
Imports of Essena and Lilalu are split equally between the domestic glp-1 drug market. According to the ims, the main type of glp-1 drug in our country is Essena (byetta) and Victoza (victoza) in Assilicon and Nord, with sales of about $140 million in the first three quarters of 2016. Essena sold $6.326 million, an increase of 30.4 per cent, compared with Lilalupine's sales of 7717.
Ten thousand yuan, a 36.2 per cent increase over the same year, shows that the pattern of competition in the country ' s glp-1 competition is slightly different from the global pattern: the global sale of glp-1 drugs is overwhelmingly dominated by Lilalupine, who accounted for 68.5 per cent in 2015, while the domestic market, Lilalu and Essene, accounted for 55 per cent and 45 per cent respectively.
As the number of diabetic patients and drug penetration increases, we believe that the market is about $2 billion.
Essena is expected to become the country’s first generic drug, thus entering the market for diabetics, using the first advantage, with companies focusing on genetic engineering medicine (Kingsai medicine), vaccines (100 grams of biology) and Chinese medicine (Hahcon medicine). The fast progress in the adaptation of new applications for growth hormone water needles, the completion of long-lived clinical iv in 2017, and the expansion of distribution channels will help.
Reorganizing human-induced ovarian hormones to fill the gap in national production and have the potential to import alternatives. We expect the gold race to be resilient, and the rabies vaccine is expected to lose its profits through process improvement and agent upgrading. The expected increase in 100 grams of life is 15% between 2017 and 2019. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry has been affected by the low state of the pharmaceutical industry in recent years, but the treatment of corporate fists has been accurate.
Family-level priority varieties, which are expected to grow slightly over the negative effects of industrial policies, are expected to take over from 2017 to 2019 in the Huacon pharmaceutical industry, where we believe that the performance of genetic engineering drugs will accelerate: faster progress on new applications for growth hormone water needles, long-lasting iv clinical completion and expansion of distribution channels will boost the growth of products. Reorganizing people to fill ovarian hormones in the country.
There is a gap in production and a promise of import substitution: the company’s vaccine business is entering a new phase of development: the rabies vaccine is on the way to the international market, and rabies will be lost through process modification and agent-type upgrading; the company’s pharmaceutical performance is expected to overcome the negative impact of industrial policies, resulting in a modest increase; the company’s real estate business will also continue to grow steadily. We believe that the growth of the company’s future high performance is largely determined.
Long-acting growth hormone iv clinical failure, restructuring of human ovarian hormone market failure, vaccine safety risks and policy risks, new drug underdevelopment, company in-depth reporting/pharmaceutical organisms