iii. Double profit growth in computer cloud infrastructure services, deep-farming industrial Internet/intellectual manufacturing
During the reporting period, in the first half of 2023, the company achieved operating revenues of $5.677 billion, an increase of 14.40 per cent over the same period in the previous year, a net profit of $1,162 million, an increase of 17.27 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and a Māori rate of 39.46 per cent, an increase of 3.29 percentage points.
Point software enterprises, national enterprise technology centres, cutting-edge technologies, creating innovation engines, and perfecting the R & D system. Full use of China's BMI Internet Research Institute, China's BMW Data Centre, leading the way in industrial networking, industrial software, autonomous and controlled industrial control, robotics, data centres, big data, cloud computing, and manual work.
The company combines industrial software techniques with industrial know-how, autonomous research and development of industrial Internet platforms (xin3plat) and upgrades, no.
It was improved to form an innovative set of demonstration applications and continued to be part of the national “twice” platform, with the Chinese Academy of Sciences’s weekly Interconnectivity Weekly, 2023 Industrial Internet, which is more than 500 (ranked third), actively building an enabling transformational brand.
Lee Hongtao is expanding, and the role of the "Additional Business Strategy" is highlighted. The industrial eco-sets are now being scaled up, with a network of integrated, intelligent office-related generic components being built online; the industrial interconnection package, i.e., iplat, focuses on production site pains.

On June 20, 20, 2022, China launched a campaign to mobilize tens of thousands of Polos, giving them a big responsibility. The Polo is a bottling robot.
In addition, the company actively planned the construction and market expansion of the Treasure Windc base projects.
A micronet project to explore the green energy layout and continuously optimize the energy structure of the idc. Further intensifies the consolidation of the cloud network, integrates the new infrastructure infrastructure infrastructure base, upgrades the platform ' s operational capability, and creates a holistic solution to the deployment of the Treasure Cloud to the Saas service battalion: a continuous construction of the national intelligent web based on one+ platform, exploring one+
At the core of the large plc, the company builds a national lead automated integration technology. The company owns the country’s leading steel full-flow, full-level and life-cycle automated integration technology, with the plc product at its core and is fully autonomous.
Industrial control of hardware and software products matrix. The company's succession optimizes the new generation of multi-nuclear plc-controlled products, further focuses on the development and innovation of core industrial control software, achieves the scaling-up of a number of priority projects, step-by-step upgrading of alternative capabilities within the steel industry, and leads to the creation of domestic industrial control software and systems for home-grown ecology.
Companies can provide clients with full process digitalization monitoring, full process intelligence bridging, complete process unmanned operation, full factor intelligence production, region-wide energy-saving and carbon-reduced transformation solutions in terms of integrated plant control, smart edge computing and data innovation applications.
Investment proposals: The company is in an industrial Internet, industrial software track, and the company is doing exactly what it wants to do. Given the company's vanity and scarcity in the field of smart manufacturing, we believe that future companies will have one, profit forecasting core assumptions.
We have chosen as comparable firms the industry companies that have similar business structures, such as servers/drivers, Sasakawa technology (plc, etc.), and medium-controlled technology (scada, etc.). The companies are in industrial Internet, industrial software, and match the country’s intelligent manufacturing direction, taking into account the company’s vanity and scarcity in the intelligent manufacturing domain, we believe that companies will continue to develop steadily in the long term.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data