The net profit of q2 rose significantly, the same rate of gross profit increased in the first half of the year, the net return profit of the second quarter increased significantly in the same year, and the operations grew faster. According to the company announcement, the revenue for the first quarter of 2023q2 was 3,154 million yuan, an increase of 28 per cent for the same period.
A 25 per cent increase and a significant increase in q1 compared to the rate of increase (2023q1 with a 0.99 per cent increase in the rate of growth), and by operation, $3.998 billion was generated in software development operations in the first half of 2023, a year-on-year increase.
Ongoing breakthroughs in areas such as robotics, plcs, process models, and so on.
Practice No.: s50052100002 for new product development and first set-up, constantly improving core competitiveness in robotic operations; e.g., optimisation of the new generation of multi-nuclear plc-controlled products leading to the creation of domestic industrial control software and systems for national production
Ecology; clear direction for the break-through of the process model technology biosphere, and explore an industrial networking platform based on the UIF, based on artificial intelligence, to build a knowledge map of the process-wide, whole-line process control model, and to form a core technology platform structured around a tool bank, model library, database, casebook.
High-end brain-manufacturing locomotives make the depth report of the Treasure Software: reading the long-term certainty of the new capital dragon from three prognosiss.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In the area of the industrial Internet, the Pyramid industrial Internet platform has gradually moved into industrialization and scale-up, the industrial eco-sets have moved into scale-up, the web-based management and intelligent office-related generic components have been built online; the industrial interconnectivity package iplat focuses on producing site pain points, solving the problem of the industrial control software “cricket” and introducing a real-time, fully integrated, light-weight approach to real-time scenarios.
IFDP iplat4j-smart; large industrial data package xdata continuously upgrades the use of water for all categories of business users; provides one-stop data eco-research and development design tool sets; artificial intelligence package xai achieves an efficient build-up management of the ai model, which has deposited multiple core industrial smart algorithms libraries; and application-based development package xdev releases low code components and goes online
The company’s ability to innovate, industry status, and brand image continue to be consolidated and enhanced. The Federation re-elected to the 2023 industrial national “twice” platform, maintaining the country’s first-tier team, surrounded by the Chinese Academy of Sciences’s weekly Internet Journal, 2023 Industrial Internet (third place); and won the Chinese Software Industry Association “Investment of the 2022 Software Industry Internet Area”
“China Software Integrity Demonstration Business 2022-2025” “Specific case of the software industry in 2022”; many Chinese Standard Innovation Contribution Awards, second-class; electromagnetic metallurgy project won the first prize for technology invention in Shanghai in 2022.” In a two-carbon era, the company, as a provider of information high-tech companies and nationally produced software under the flag of China, went deep into “New Capital”, “Producer”
National strategies such as Business Chain Security, “Autonomous Control”, around the challenge of national production of key core technologies to replace and break industry “crickets”, continued to increase investment in research and development, fully advancing the scale and industrialization of nationally owned and controlled high-end control systems, increased Maori rates in the first half of the year, and high-end automated operations are expected to lead to increased profitability
\triangleright Integrated layouts are constantly expanding, with smart manufacturing at the core of automated, industrial Internet platforms expected to provide greater scope for corporate software development and Māori performance, while, under a two-carbon policy, the core parts of the company have scarce resources in the idc engine room.
It is becoming increasingly evident that profitability is expected to continue to improve.
High-end automation is a strategic future priority for companies, which are scarcely home-grown firms that introduce large autonomous plc control systems, have strong integrated competition in hardware and software in the area of high-end automation, and the “three core growth logics” drive companies to self-motivate their business open up vast development space. Companies are actively expanding robotics with large plc automated industrial software at their core.
Automated products, such as plc, scada industrial software, developed autonomously with Treasure Letters, with the ability to move into large dcs (dcs=plc+scada) control systems, continuously extending the automated capacity boundary and hopefully growing into three core growth logics of domestic corporate automation: 1) product sequence expansion: companies will expand from large plc to medium plc
(b) Increment + stock replacement logic: the two-carbon age + national production replacement scenario, where the process-based industry, represented by the steel industry, is “necessary + capable” to invest heavily in smart manufacturing of capital spending;
Large plc/dcs will gradually begin to move into a new stock replacement cycle; automated products are more standardized, with full potential for expansion across industry; and) the Māori rate rise logic: the higher Māori ratio of automated products is expected to lead to an overall increase in profitability.
\triangleright attaches great importance to the development of the industrial Internet, the autonomous research and development of the industrial Internet platform Xin3plat and the artificial intelligence center, etc., and the layout of the industrial Internet, while opening up new growth curves for the company, is expected to enhance the corporate intelligence manufacturing core.
Competitiveness. In the two-carbon age, the high-energy-consuming processes, represented by steel, metallurgy, petrochemicals and chemicals, face the urgent need for “reduce, efficiency, lift”, and the intelligent manufacturing of new technologies, represented by the industrial Internet, will play a central role. The process industry is “capable + demand” for capital to drive industrial Internet development.
Internet platforms, as the core base and building blocks of the digital economy, continue to be strongly supported by national policies. Corporate industries. Internet platforms xin3plat, which for many years continue to enter the “two-way” platform of the Department of Craft, have steadily increased their rankings, opening new growth paths for future development; in the long run, automated products such as plc have become clouded, while industrial Internet platforms are becoming more powerful.
The foundation for dynamic product clouding is the solid foundation for automated clouding, which is expected to help the company to achieve a turn-over, and to keep the corporate intellectual manufacturing industry in the vanguard. Bo United 4.0 is the company’s technological reserve based on more than 20 years of industrial software research and development, which has been under way for many years.
The industrial eco-eplat package, 4.0, has entered the scale extension phase, which is quick to meet user needs, enhance user viscosity, tap user values, and promote platform scale promotion; the industrial connection of the iplat package, 4.0 supports the nationalization of industrial and controlled software, addressing the problem of industrial and controlled software "crack necks", based on the "Boloyan" project.
(b) The data ecology package 4.0 continuously upgrades the level of use of data for all categories of industry users by providing a one-stop collection of data eco-research and development design tools to support the data development of business users;
Applied development package xdev package 4.0 actively explores and improves the build-up and delivery-of-application capacity of low-code and developers’ communities. “Bolo” robotic applications go beyond steel, and the future industry expands space.
On June 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20,
In 2026, we will achieve the overall goal of exceeding 10,000 Bolo. At present, there are a variety of Bolo robots, which can be classified by location into three broad categories: industry, services, specialties, and industry, which has achieved such functions as tagging, sampling, bundling, injection, masonry, iron and water transport; service to Bolo, which is primarily a virtual service robot, which meets customer needs immediately; and special Bolo, which includes applications in mines,
Robots such as port terminals (full automated loader, heavy load agv, etc.), professional transport robots (waterway patrol drones, high-altitude inspection drones, etc.), and inspection maintenance robots.
Polo robots can effectively replace 3d jobs in the steel industry, namely, dangerous (high risk), dusty (poor environment), difficult (difficult) and solve the difficulties and pains of many industrialization scenarios, effectively reducing the labour intensity of the workforce and the shortage of labour in the manufacturing sector.
Beyond the iron and steel automated production line, three types of boars also cover transport, mines, ports, customer counselling, and others are also being customized. According to the Ministry of Corporate Robotics, companies are expected to move out of the game in the future, promoting robotic applications in other industries, and continuously helping other firms to improve industrial competitiveness and productivity.
Robot Report, 2021, our manufacturing robotic density reached 322, 000 people, compared to the highest in Korea, 6.7, 000 in Singapore, 399, 000 in Japan. By the end of January 2023, the density of priority industries in Shanghai had reached 383, and the planned robotic density had reached only 260, 000.
We believe that, in the midst of the digital transformation of companies, the demand for industrial robots is or will continue to grow, with companies accompanying the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BMW, the space for the development of information businesses, and the strategic wind of the intellectual transformation, multiplied by the powerful platforms, and the company's informationization as part of the BMW Group's “one-base-five-dollar” strategy.
Keystones, intelligent manufacturing cores, coupled with the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BMW and the development of space for information. Companies are industrial software firms that can do from lo to l5, with mes, bis, wms, moms, etc., of which mes products have been ranked first in recent years in the ranking of domestic firms and have been used in a number of industries.
With regard to the development of the steel industry, the requirements of “a major effort to develop intelligent manufacturing”, “accelerating the merger restructuring”, and “a strong ban on new steel production”, the BMW Group, as the largest steel group in the world, is accelerating its M & A restructuring, which will take place on four fronts: “Renewing information systems and replacing industrial Internet platforms with deeper layouts and automated control systems and new requirements and cloud computing deployment requirements”
The company’s traditional software business has also been extended to steel companies other than the Treasure Group, as well as to non-soldier sectors, and there is much room for future growth. The idc supply and demand pattern has evolved well, and the company’s idc business has entered a new life cycle.
Short-term supply and demand patterns in the idc sector have evolved well, and companies will benefit from a wholesale idc tap, while the idc industry will enter a new release cycle with promise of a profit + valuation double-click on Davis. In the short term, the state has become more restrictive about energy consumption, electricity, safety compliance, etc., with a large number of old, non-compliant rooms being shut down, and demand going to the core area on a large scale & greenidc
In the long run, demand in the idc sector will continue to grow as new applications break out. The "Resources+Industrial Software Capabilities" combined give companies the unique ability to do their business.
Since 2021, some of the new project cabinets have been put on board and will continue to grow in the future as the build-up rate continues. Good management and market-based incentives will guarantee long-term viability.
\triangleright has an excellent management and market-based incentive that gives the company sufficient dynamism and motivation. \The Department, as an executive, has extensive management experience, flexible management systems, and a market-based internal appraisal system.
Market-based incentive programmes, with three equity incentives issued by companies in 2017, 2020 and 2022, have a wide range of incentives, covering company management, technical cadres, business cadres and so on, have demonstrated firm corporate management confidence in the long-term development of the future, while also promising to motivate staff to fully release the dynamism of the company.
\triangleright Treasure Software transmits high-quality genes, deep layout automation, industrial Internet, informatization, cloud computing, four major intelligent manufacturing.
We expect the company to build 2023-\triangleright idc with less than expected, the arsenal to re-engineer, and the 5g with less than expected.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the intellectual manufacturing industry and the cloud computing Idc industry. Chen Guangyi, a member of the Communications Group, a Ph.D. in Physics, Peking University, and a condensed physics major. In December 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications industry, covering, inter alia, the fields of cable & telecommunications new energy, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.