He's a national leader in the industrial software market, the new industrialization core.
From 22 to 23 September, the National Conference on New Industrialization Promotion was held in Kyoto, proposing that the achievement and advancement of new forms of industrialization is a key task of the new era and a system of engineering that combines the building and building of powerful countries with the development of digital finance, industrial information, etc.
Lead firms, the core champions of new industrialization, are expected to benefit significantly from “buy-in” advice. The domestic industrial software champions, with all types of software in the field, are well-placed: the domestic industrial software market has been dominated by foreign firms for a long time, the national production rate has steadily increased in recent years, and the bovine software has been produced in the country.
In the alternative wave, China’s city has long been ranked third and first in the country in the area of mes (workshop implementation level production information management system). The company has also deployed software to other sectors of the industry and other industries, and has now largely covered the management of its operations.
The company continues to shock high-end replacements, and the plc (programmable logic controller) is the core component of an automated industrial control system, the domestic market is largely monopolized by foreign firms such as Siemens, and the company is currently the only domestic provider of large-scale plc programmes.
The multi-dimensional drive for new industrialization and the technological capacity to break down: the new industry at the high-end level, the multiplicity of corporate arrows, the continuous technological breakthroughs at the high-end software, industrial Internet and industrial robotics levels. Large-scale high-end software companies continue to develop and expand their autonomy.
Product combinations Control size; Industrial Internet-level companies, relying on years of experience in the industrial software and steel industries, are building autonomously developed and developed Pyramid Xin3plat platform into an industrial Internet leader in the steel metallurgy industry
The company, relying on its existing background resources, has developed and made a bulk supply to the parent company's Treasure Group, which is expected to make a huge contribution to the company's business as it moves towards the goal of upgrading the "Operational Zero" robot.
On the other hand, new technologies, such as plc, industrial Internet, industrial robots, are mutually reinforcing, with multidimensional advances or a resonance in the new era of industrialization in the future. The second quarter’s performance has rebounded rapidly, and profitability has continued to increase: companies achieved revenue in the first half of 2023.
At the operational level, the company ' s software information-related business in the first half of the year was +14.99%, and the industry in the idc was +13.72%. The company ' s Māori rate in the first half of the year was 39.46%, compared to +3.29 percentage points.
This pattern continues to be optimized, thus driving the growth of corporate overall profitability. The ai+digital economy drives the demand for numeracy, and the company’s perennially deployed idc area: recently, with both the chatgpt and the digital economy at home, there has been a growing interest in numeracy.
The company is constantly involved in the construction of the national computing hub nodes and the data centre industry, and the treasure cloud-related operations are moving forward steadily. Bo is officially working on the North China base in September 2022, with a total project size of 20,000 8kw cabinets; the Long Triangle Digital Technology Centre has a master plan of 20,000 cabinets and a five-phase master plan for Treasure Clouds.
10,500 cabinets were drawn, and 7000 cabinets were planned for the Treasure Hill base. Meanwhile, according to the company’s latest announcement, on 11 January 2023, the Treasure Mount Data Centre was opened, providing users with 1066 idc services with 5kw-20kw power density, and planning to provide some 6,000 installed machine capabilities.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.