Telecommunications group Smart manufacturing + arithmetic taps, depth benefits from ai landing and digital economy + development
Market value (KWD): $49.00. 1. Estimation of Bosin Software: The Smart One, Multi-a + Digital Economy, $5.677 billion, 14.4 per cent more than the previous year; net profit return to the mother: $1,162 million, same
3. Project Under the Epidemic is delivered on schedule, Treasure Clouds continues to advance - Treasureless software is growing robustly, with improved quality and profitability. Corporate performance has increased significantly in the second quarter, with revenue of $3.154 billion in the first quarter of q2, a year-on-year increase.
Twenty-eight per cent, representing a net return of 663 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 24 per cent over the same period. Businesses have maintained an operating income of 1,621 million yuan for outsourcing and 48 million yuan for system integration.
Automation + intelligent enabling industry upgrades to advance the idc project.
Intelligent development of five packages of multi-dimensional enabling industries, combined with high-end automated business capabilities, increased investment in robotics, plc, process models, etc., to ensure that key core technologies are autonomous.
To build and expand the base of Yunidc projects, micronet projects are being implemented to optimize the idc energy structure. To further strengthen the new infrastructure technology base for the integration of the network, to upgrade the platform ' s operational capability and to create a holistic solution to the Saas service operation.
A pilot application of the one+saas model is explored. Smart manufacturing + arithmetic taps, with deep benefits from the ai landing and digital economy.
The Division announces three phases of the equity incentive scheme, highlighting confidence in long-term development. Short-term Idc market revenues are slowing down, but they remain an indispensable numeracy infrastructure in the era of development and the digital economy for the long term. Companies rely on the power of the treasure to gain the advantage of the Idc position plus energy consumption, while accelerating the progress of the treasure.
The demand for Internet vendor idc is not as high as expected: information spending in the steel industry is not as high as expected.