A steady growth in performance and continuous upgrading of innovation capacity - SIXU software (600845.sh) semi-annual year 2023. A robust growth in performance and a rising Māori rate
(a) The turnover of software development and engineering services (million shares): $3.998 billion and the outsourcing of services $1.621 billion are the result of the third stage of equity incentives implemented by companies and the uncontrollable acquisition of Shanxi Bo-Sin last May.
The increase in R & D costs is mainly due to the implementation of the third phase of equity incentives by companies and the continued investment in research and development of key core technologies and priority products in such areas as industrial Internet, smart manufacturing, big data, cloud computing, etc.
In the course of the year, the Platform has continued to develop and improve its functionality through five sets of multi-dimensional and enabling industries. The Industrial Ecology Package is in the process of being scaled up.
Development of a framework iplat4j-smart: large industrial data package xdata continuously upgrades various business users
Level of data application, providing a one-stop set of eco-research and development tools for data; artificial intelligence package xai-studies of the National Dollar Securities Corporation -- Treasure Letter software (600845.sh) 2022. The presentai model is efficiently constructed and managed and has sunk into a multiplicity of core industrial smart algorithms.
• Actively expand the idc business, strengthen the industrial robotic layout, deepen the company's inventory of clients, expand avenues of cooperation, and actively plan the construction of the Treasure Cloudsidc base projects
"Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation -- Treasure letter software (600845.sh) event review: and market outreach work; micronet projects to explore green energy layouts and to continuously optimize idc use of energy, equity incentives, long-term sustainability and growth", 2022.12.31.
. To further consolidate the new infrastructure technology base for the integration of cloud networks into development and form a holistic solution for the Saas service operation deployment; to continuously build a national intelligent transportation network based on one+ platform, exploring one+saas model pilot applications.
Increased investment in robotics, plcs, process models, etc., to address the problem of “cricket necks” and to ensure that the core technology of the army is self-controlled.
● Prospective and investment proposals for profit companies that have been farming for years in the industrial manufacturing sector, continue to increase their efforts in information high technology research and development and develop new technologies.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent, professional attitude and an independent and objective approach.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.