q2 performance has increased the Māori rate upwards, as evidenced by the semi-annual review of Treasure Software (600845.sh).
On August 21, 2023, Cao Xuant, the second quarter of the camp saw a significant improvement in the rate of growth, and cost-side management and research and development costs remained high.
The company q2 q2 year-on-year increase of 28%, with a much higher speed ring than in the first quarter. We decided that it was due to a certain extent to a relatively low revenue base over the same period last year.
The increase of 12.4 per cent corresponds to the overall rate of increase in sales. Of this amount, $529 million, or nearly seven times that of the same period last year, is associated transaction revenue from the steel industry, which also confirms one of the logic behind the business growth of the Treasure Trust, which is the central release of the information-upgrading needs of the new steel group, which has been incorporated into the BMW.
The management and R & D costs of 23h1 increased by 31.2% and 35.6%, respectively, to a certain extent, slowing up the current net profit increase. The higher management and R & D costs, we believe, are expected to take into account the location of the company’s new equity incentive scheme, and the resulting share payment costs will raise the company’s associated costs.
The overall upward trend in the Māori ratio is clear, and the profitability of the enablers continues to rise. The overall upward trend in the Māori ratio of the company in one season is more pronounced in one dimension. The underlying logic behind this is that it is mainly the maturity and reuse of the company’s software products that we believe are increasing, with the business model being modified to a certain extent by engineering.
Turns to productization. We maintain our judgement on the future trend of improving corporate Māori rates, considering in particular the application of the “Golden” industrial Internet platform and the roll-out of large autonomous plc, which will further reduce the marginal cost of delivering corporate projects.
Investment proposal: We reiterate the recommended logic for Treasurehouse software: the need to integrate and purchase the information upgrades; the continuous release, folding of industrial Internet platforms, plc and the Borow industrial robots as the core intellectuals; the construction of 2.0, which is still viable; and the data centre idc operation, which is resource-based.
The competitive advantage of the dimensions of capital capacity, customer base and professional operations is maintained, and growth is robust. It is expected that Treasure 1 and Treasure 1 will be reported on a quarterly basis: a quarter of a battalion with over-expected iron and steel informatization and idc will continue to double-track.
Demand decreases: Technology advances are less advanced than expected,3 and TreasureS first-time coverage reports: Solid Power Steel. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.