Newtimesecritities share shares are publicly released and capital structures are expected to be optimized - company share plans are evaluated
• The company’s proposed equity financing does not exceed 7 billion yuan to repay the purchase and purchase loan for the acquisition of sqm: one year’s minimum/highest: the bill on the terms of the stock allocation and the programme for the issuance of the corresponding securities.
In the form of shares to be sold to the original shareholders. The total number of shares after the date of registration for the implementation of this equity package is calculated to be the basis for all shareholders to be allocated at a ratio of no more than three shares per 10 shares to repay part of the M & A loan for the purchase of 23.7% of the Sqm stock, depending on the method of repayment.
In addition, the share issue bill is yet to be submitted to the general meeting of shareholders of the company. • Equity financing will ease financial pressure and increase profitability: by the end of 2018, the company had borrowed $1.938 billion on a short-term basis, with a non-current liability of 6.63 per year.
The surge, mainly due to the increase in interest and loss on exchange due to the increase in the exchange rate between the United States dollar and the Australian dollar, resulting from new loans of $3.5 billion made by companies to complete the purchase of sqm 23.77% of equity, will help to reduce the financial cost and increase the company’s profitability by using the equity fund to repay the company’s bank borrowings.
The company has announced long-term supply agreements with ski and ecopro, respectively, for a single year.
In addition, the company has signed a note with ski on the positive performance growth and is expected to benefit from the industry.
The agreement will have a positive impact on the company’s continued profitability.
“Industrial chain layout further, sharing new energy efficiency, taking into account the corporate advantage in costs and resources, and maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating: dividends”, 2019-03-11
The flagship enterprises of Performance Fit, Growing In Order will benefit from the dividends of the development of the new energy sector over the long term, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.