Lithium prices continue to go down, and the cost advantage supports the company's profitability.
Lithium prices continued to drag companies into profit in 2018. The volume of the company ' s lithium compounds and derivative-related products was 3,7656 tons, an increase of 65.25 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 4.16 percentage points in the same year.
The price is close to $79,000 per ton, which is more than 50% lower than the 160,000 yuan per ton at the highest point in early 1818. The main consideration is that a large number of newly created lithium carbonate projects began to concentrate their capacity by 2018. Releases, combined with the expansion of capacity by large foreign traders, have led to a supply and demand relationship in the domestic lithium carbonate market.
In the meantime, the market demand for new energy vehicles downstream in 18 years has shifted to three-dollar batteries, and phosphate lithium is a solid material.
The weak demand for all day-to-day industry (group) materials further pushes down the price of lithium carbonate. Internationalization has accelerated, and companies have a clear cost advantage.
While promoting growth within the company, the company continues to engage in extended M & As layouts around strategic objectives. In 2018, the company successfully purchased 23.7% of its shareholdings and became its second largest shareholder. According to the Roskhill report, sqm is the world’s largest producer of lithium chemical products.
It's easy to further consolidate the company's industrial position and generate sustainable, stable and attractive corporate holdings of the world's largest and best-quality lithium quartz mine, Green Bush, Western Australia. The company achieved lithium by holding the stock of Telison.
The Green Bush mine is fully self-sufficient. With years of mature operation, lithium concentrate production is the lowest in the industry, at around $120 per ton, and the rest of Australia's concentrate production costs around $200-300 per ton.
However, in the medium term, the market for lithium carbonate is in a pattern of oversupply, and the price of lithium carbonate continues to be low. For the first time, the price of lithium phosphate has been increased.
In addition, any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, as specifically recommended or seen in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.