Merger and purchase expansion completed, resource advantage further strengthened - Lithium Tin industry (002466) dictation report published in the annual newspaper Tianqi Lithium 2018: the company achieved annual operating income of $6,244 million, compared with $6,244 million.
During the same period the previous year saw an increase of 14.16 per cent; operating profits of $3.586 billion, an increase of 4.66 per cent over the same period; and product-based industry (group) equity, which was not converted from capital pool to equity.
Each year, the company successfully acquired 23.77% of the stock of sqm. In terms of the distribution of sqm water resources, the sqm stock is shown by a relative depth of 300 indexes, with the world’s largest halogen reserves and the highest grade, and the company’s lithium resource advantage continues to increase.
In the future, the lithium electricity sector will be in high demand and the subsidy downturn will accelerate the pace of the industry: new energy vehicles, the subsidy policy will fall, unskilled, low-quality car companies dependent on subsidies will be eliminated from the market, eventually leading to the elimination of upstream low-end productive capacity.
There are multiple pressures, such as a sharp fall in subsidies, a substantial increase in energy and continuity thresholds, tight corporate capital chains, and the risk of losing out, both in the two- or three-line ladders and in the marginalized power-pools. And, as a high-quality company, the lithium industry.
It is expected to emerge from this wave shuffle. Early layout to respond to future rises in the demand for lithium electricity, performance is expected to increase further: 5g, grid storage, iron tower station, high speed of new energy vehicles, lithium batteries
With a view to rapid expansion, the company is in the process of constructing a two-phase battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line in Quinana, Western Australia, with a total of 48,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide, one of which has entered the phase of detesting and production capacity uphill at the end of 2018; and a 20,000-ton battery-grade lithium production in the Sichuan Siningan settlement.
The aaaday lithium industry line is being built to meet the quality requirements of the top-level positive materials manufacturers in the country and abroad.
It is hoped that profitability and competitiveness will increase further.
Risk factors: less than expected deposits in mines, lower prices for staple products, high development costs, summer sprang safety in mines, less demand for new energy vehicles than expected
1. The integrated layout, both within and outside the country, is expected to continue to grow in the future, with companies achieving operating revenues of $6,244 million throughout the year, an increase of 14.16 per cent over the same period the previous year; operating profits of $3.586 billion, with 10 shares in the east finding a gold dividend of 1.80 yuan (including taxes), no red shares, and no capital fund transfers.
During the reporting period, additional cross-border M&A loans of $3.5 billion were made available to companies to complete the purchase of sqm. By the end of the reporting period, the ratio of corporate assets and liabilities had risen significantly from the beginning of the reporting period. However, in terms of the company’s long-term strategy, the company’s future advantages in lithium resources have been further consolidated and production is expected to rise significantly.
1.1.Sqm's acquisition was completed, and the company's lithium resources were further optimized. The company is the world's third largest producer of lithium compounds in 2017, as well as in Asia and China.
In the meantime, the company’s share in the Tibetan Zhebouje lithium industry’s high-tech company Ltd. indirectly acquired the right to open Zabuye Salt Lake, with 183,000 tons of lithium from Zabuye Salt Lake (in lithium carbonate), which is extremely low and accompanied by a wealth of lithium.
The various elements of potassium, sodium, etc., are among the best sources of salt lake lithium in domestic resources. This is mainly due to increased long-term equity investment as companies complete 23.77 per cent of the equity purchase of sqm and increased construction work to boost productive capacity.
In accordance with the agreement of 17 January 2018 between sqm and the mining concessionaire, Corfo, the sqm had a quota of 349,533 tons of lithium metal available in the area of the salt lake at Tacama and approximately 2.2 million tons of lithium equivalent for carbonate by 31 December 2030.
Upstream business is key to supporting corporate growth as a whole and meeting expected market demand. The completion of the sqm 23.77% equity acquisition on the original resource base has accentuated the advantages of the company’s lithium resources and has undoubtedly contributed significantly to the company’s lack of business growth.
1.2 The lithium electricity industry will be in high demand in the future, and subsidy drops will accelerate the pace of clean-up in the industry as commercial applications of 5g arrive, leading to new breakthroughs in global smartphones. Power grid storage will explode, and demand for lithium ion batteries will expand rapidly. The iron tower has a huge demand for decommissioned lithium ion batteries.
The transition to electricity is irreversible, with new energy vehicles moving in a clear direction, both in China and globally, charging batteries as a proportion of total lithium consumption. According to the initial statistics of the Lithium Industry Branch of the China Non-ferrous Metals Industry Association, world lithium production and its derivatives were equivalent to approximately 2782 million tons of carbonate in 2018; and global production in 2018.
Lithium consumption is about 270,000 tons carbonate equivalent. Lithium consumption will be driven in both the short and long term by industries using lithium batteries, such as new energy electric vehicles, but in the short term it will grow at a milder rate, increasing by 18.9% per year from 2017 to 2022, and then by new energy sources, especially electric cars, in the 20th century.
Lithium consumption in chargeable batteries is expected to increase by 27.2% per year from 2017 to 2027, reaching 1.22 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent in 2027. If the new energy sector grows faster than currently forecast, lithium consumption will have considerable short-term and long-term growth potential.
At the same time, due to the upgrading of the industry, downstream vehicle technology is becoming more demanding, and safety will be the most important consideration. Positive material is the key to the high performance of lithium ion batteries, which directly determines battery energy density, circulation stability, safety, etc., and as a core material of positive materials, the basis for lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, etc.
Lithium products will focus more on the consistency and stability of product quality, which will lead to a combination of high-quality enterprises up and down the chain of industry, strong alliances, with rising concentration in the industry, and high-end production capacity that will continue to fall short of demand. Together with the exit of the subsidy policy after 2020, new energy firms that match market demand and are well managed will emerge from it.
With the deep adjustment of national policies, the power cell industry will continue to increase in concentration. In 2018, firms across the industry chain faced a large decline in subsidies, a sharp increase in energy and retention thresholds, and a tight corporate financial chain.
Pressure, be it a two- or three-line, or a marginalized power cell company, could be eliminated from the game, with high-quality companies that are technologically ahead and of good quality and that are re-emerged into a virtuous development cycle. As champions of the lithium industry, it is expected that the lithium industry will benefit from the industry’s clean-up.
1.3 The early layout to respond to future rises in the demand for lithium power is expected to improve further. The company-owned subsidiary Telison is currently constructing a second and a third chemical-grade lithium concentrate adjacent to the existing plant, which will be completed and tested in the fourth quarter of 2020. The two new plants will make it possible for the Greenbush mine.
To expand the company ' s capacity as a global supplier of top battery materials, the company is building a fully automated plant in Quinana, Australia, for the production of battery-grade lithium hydroxide, with an annual capacity of 48,000 tons after completion and operation, which will enhance the company ' s potential to take advantage of the strong growth of battery-grade lithium hydroxide.
In order to expand the production capacity of battery-grade lithium carbonate, the company is building an annual fully automated production plant in Suning City, Sichuan Province, China, capable of producing 20,000 tons per year. Because of its geographical proximity to the flood-throwing plant, it will help to minimize implementation risks and increase efficiency by using operational synergies between the two plants.
Implementation of expansion plans to improve the ability of companies to produce lithium compounds to take full advantage of the expected growth in demand for lithium products. 2, Profit predictions and proposals for investment. Company products are divided into two broad categories of lithium minerals, lithium compounds and derivatives, with production of 72.40 per cent in 2018, respectively.
Ten thousand tons and 39.6 million tons, respectively, of original stocks of 12.4 million tons and 0.180,000 tons. In 2018, sales were 43.45 million tons and 37.7 million tons, respectively. The sales were 51.23 per cent and 91.01 per cent. The average sales price of lithium mineral products was 0.51 million yuan per ton, while the average sales price of lithium compounds and their derivatives was 1,073,000 yuan per ton.
The company’s performance is expected to increase steadily in 20-21 years, as new capacity becomes available. Given the future increase in demand for lithium power, we assume that lithium minerals and lithium compounds and derivatives will be produced in 19-21 years.
Tons; Lithium amalgamation zone and derivative production amounted to 48.32,57.50 and 64.4 million tons respectively, taking into account the average sale price of incremental supplies of 0.48 million yuan per ton and the average sale price of lithium compounds and derivatives of 100.09 million yuan per ton per mine, lower than expected, lower prices of main camp products, high development costs, safety of mines, new energy vehicle requirements