Deep-cultivated lithium salt industry chain with progressive release of increased production capacity - Lithium Tian Qian (002466) annual report was evaluated and the lithium industry released its annual report for 2018 on the evening of 28 March.
6244 million yuan, an increase of 14.16 per cent over the same period, and 2.200 billion yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 2.57 per cent over the same period; steady growth in main-sector products and a slight decline in the Maori rate; steady growth in the company ' s lithium salt industry during the reporting period.
In the reporting period, as a result of a significant adjustment in the price of lithium compounds, the unit revenue fell by 5.95 per cent, while the increase in sales was offset by a 9.33 per cent increase in business income. In terms of operating costs, the unit cost of lithium mine increased by 11.81 per cent.
The rise in lithium compounds by 1.17 per cent, coupled with a decline in the price of finished products, led to a slight decrease in the overall Māori ratio of 2.53 acquisitions of sqm resulting in upscaling of financial costs, the proposed issuance of debt swaps to ease financial pressure, non-operability, and the acquisition of sqm (23.77 per cent) shares by companies resulting in higher interest payments and higher exchange losses.
The total increase in financial costs was $416 million. The investment project generated $134 million in consultancy fees, delaying current performance.The accounting treatment of the original sqm (2.09%) shares confirmed the return on investment of $512 million, against which the cost of acquiring sqm was charged.
It is expected that the financial pressure on the Taiwan lithium industry will be significantly eased if it is successfully released (considered through the Shareholders Assembly).
Upstream resource capacity continues to expand, with projects in Telison II and III expected to expand from 2019q2 to 2020 Research Assistant Sun Woo-Sun lithium production capacity to 120,000 tonnes/year and 180,000 tonnes/year.
The process production line has also been gradually operationalized, and the two-phase lithium hydroxide projects in Quinana (48,000 tons) and Suining Carbon Acid Research Assistant Xue Shaoyang (20,000 tons) will also gradually release capacity in 2019.
The company’s advantage of deep-cultivating lithium salt industry, high-quality resources, and production capacity patterns has certain pricing rights. As the price of lithium carbonate stabilizes, and the demand for new energy vehicles gradually increases, long-term energy release is expected to increase company performance.
Taking into account the gradual improvement of the company ' s lithium industry chain layout and the gradual increase in the penetration rate of new downstream energy vehicles, the current carbon Jong-chi, the Dean of the Institute of Assistant & Research of the President of the Democratic Securities, and the post-Doctor of Financial Mathematics at Vanderbilt University, Dr. Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts at the University of Gangdan, Sun Woo-Sun, Master of Engineering at Beijing University, joined the Civil Security in 2017 to engage in non-ferrous metal industries and corporate research.
Xue Shayang, Bachelor of Actuarials and Master of Financial Mathematics at the University of Monash, Australia, is engaged in non-ferrous metal industry and corporate research. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.