Gore shares (002241), multiple rounds of investment acceleration, Gore shares track, 24/08/2025.
Events: Gore announces that Gore Optics will acquire 100% equity in Sun Woo Shanghai with an increased share. When it is done, Shanghai Ole will become a fully-owned subsidiary of Gore Optics, Shanghai O'Leaves will hold about a third of Gore's equity, and Gore will remain the largest share of Gore's Optics.
Gore's investment in Shanghai's technology has further strengthened its ability to conduct the aar wave. Soon Woo-lai is an enterprise under the Sun-woo optical flag focused on the args semiconductor optical field. The company is positioned as an "arglass semiconductor solutionr" with a core team of experienced technology.
The team and the excellent technology are competitive. In December 2023, it began production of a 12-inch project of transparent crystallized glass micronose optical products in Shanghai, and completed its installation in mid-2025. Gore opticals combines Shanghai with an increased share in order to gain access to Shanghai.
Ori’s acquisition of the relevant fixed assets significantly eases the financial pressure on Gore’s independent investment in optical science, and helps Gore’s optical ability to accelerate the development of mature production capacity in the relevant areas. This round of M & A investment reflects his confidence in the wind industry’s accelerated landing.
I have invested in Connet, Plessey, Soon-woo, and have completed the technical layout of the mirrors, micro-led, surface-sculpture-diffusion photowaves and other key links. This round of supply chain integration was completed before Meta's first ar-news came to life!
Gore shares (002241); Indirect investment micro-gol achieves full self-sufficiency in the key zero components.
Sunwoo, Plessey, achieves self-sufficiency in mirrors, surface sculpturing light waves, micro-led, etc., core zero components. After this investment, Gore will have full self-sufficiency in micro-led, light wave guidance, optical machines, sip wrapping, acoustic modules! and in each component!
Gore shares (00224): 3-quarter report 2024: performance rating: 3-quarter report more than expected, quality of operation
Gol is a small number of odm companies that work in depth with the industry’s two leading clients.
And as we mentioned in our August 10 evaluation report, Meta bought Plessey's technical authorization as early as 2020. Another company that Gore was about to buy was Mia, an important structural unit in the apple supply chain, which further deepened Gore and Penang.
Gore is one of the few leading players in both the conglomerates and the consumer electronics that have been working in depth to create profit predictions and investment ratings: looking ahead for the next year, there are a number of big plants, i.e. glasses and a new collection of glasses, and the company, as one of the most sophisticated companies in the field of smart glasses, is expected to be intelligent.
The company’s tws headphones and sophisticated zero components are also expected to have three financial forecasts of Gore’s shares.