Gore shares (002241.sz) have improved significantly the profitability of 2025, the profitability of the pick-up, M&A bets on the track has continued to improve, and the transition of old and new products has affected the revenue from the sound system.
huhui2@guosen.com.cn Revenues from foreign exchange derivatives business contracts awarded and remeasured at fair value from non-recurring gains or losses amounting to approximately $420 million, most of which are settled in United States dollars and generally reduce the impact of exchange rate movements through hedging,
The net profit is therefore more reflective of the company’s operating profit performance. By branch of product, 1h25 smart hardware zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn/intellectual acoustic whole machines/precision zero components earned $203.4/83.2/760.0 billion, respectively.
On August 23, companies announced that their subsidiary Gore Optics was going to acquire 100% of Shanghai O’s share through increased shares, and that the deal was currently under way.
When the deal is completed, Shanghai Ore will become a full-fledged Gore optics subsidiary, and Shanghai Oreen shareholders will hold about a third of Gore optics, and the company will hold a two-thirds share, and it will remain Gore.
The first shareholder in optical science. The company in the field of optical conductor, hypersurface device, diffusing optical device, etc., is located in Shanghai. The firm has been able to purchase fixed assets on a scale-based basis for products such as optical conductors.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price increases the firm’s core competitiveness in the field of crystalline circular micro-optic devices, such as optical wave guidance. At the same time, the company is able to provide high-quality customer and project resources to facilitate the synergistic development of related operations.
In 2024, the two companies, with a total revenue of about HK$ 9.11 billion and a significant amount of business, acquired Mia precision and contemplation, and the firm had a solid accumulation of technology in the field of precision metal structures and had long worked with the industry’s leading clients.
In August 2025, the holding company, Goltek, Hong Kong, will be granted interest-bearing loans of up to $100 million in equity gains for the purchase of 100% of the shareholding and the replenishment of the persey, for the purchase of micro-led-related fixed assets and replenishments.
Replenishment of operating funds, which will contribute to the maturity of technology in microled and support the development of company aar operations. Investment proposal: to raise profit forecasts and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Gore shares (002241.sz) - Resurveillance of profitability, full embrace of the alot terminal
Mother ' s net profit is now 34/41/53 million yuan (up from 33.37/42 million yuan), an increase of the same year. Figure 1: Gore shares operating income and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Gore shares operating income and increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 3: Gore shares to the mother ' s net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 6: Changes in Gore ' s share rate
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject