Gore shares plan large equity acquisitions, expand sophisticated structural piece business, and companies issue announcements to plan equity acquisitions, and are planning to acquire excellent enterprises in the field of sophisticated metal structure.
The company plans to acquire the shares of the sophisticated metal structure company at $9.5 billion. On the evening of July 22, 2025, an announcement was issued to purchase the Hong Kong fully-funded subsidiary, Megaprecisiontechnologylimited, with its own funds of HK$10.4 billion (equivalent to approximately HK$9.5 billion).
According to the company announcement, Mia's precision is industry-led, processed in metal/non-metal materials, refined surface treatment.
The Hong Kong Consolidated Business Group was established in 1988 to provide sophisticated metals to high-tech enterprises.
The company focuses on producing items made of stainless steel, aluminium, titanium, silicon, etc. ... 11000 people ... downstream products include smart phones, smart watches, electric cars, etc.
The Division is able to support high-level water, dust and electronics with a longer lifetime using new material technologies; in outward processing, the company ' s micro-arc oxidation technology is capable of finely plating the metal surface with unique colours and shaping deep quality; in manufacturing automation, it can.
At the same time, because of this cash acquisition, it is expected that the company’s current profits will increase directly. We believe that the share acquisition is expected to enhance the business layout of the company’s zero-sum synergies, and that the company is being sharpened.
The combination of competitiveness in the structural areas and the strengthening of partnerships with large clients; while extended acquisitions as a new model of corporate development are expected to accelerate the company’s future growth. But, given the uncertainty about the location of the acquisitions, we expect the company to return to net profits in 2025/2026/2027, despite the uncertainty about the location of the acquisitions.
Macro-market risk, risk of relative concentration of customers, risk of exchange rate fluctuations, risk of loss of core skilled personnel, risk management, risk of tariff policy-driven supply chain, risk of acquisition failure.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations