On August 21st, Gore shares released their semi-annual report for 2025 and the company's 25h1 harvest.
In the first half of 2025, the global consumer electronics industry continued to recover mildly, and new hardware markets, such as smart glasses, continued to grow. At the same time, companies were active.
Taking advantage of the opportunity, business is well under way in a segmented product line, i.e., smart glasses, smart wearables, completing important business expansion, project delivery, business upgrades, etc., the corporate 25h1 overall profit level is clearly on the rise, with the Māori rate rising to 13.47%, yoy + 1.96 pcts.
Some of the items in the plate are affected by product iterative cycles, which have reduced corporate revenue as a whole. The outlook follows, with the rapid development of the i-technology continuing to inject momentum into the consumer electronics industry, and with the further maturity of technology such as light wave guidance, micro-showing, system-level sealing, i-smart glasses and a-ar enhancement of the present.
Real products are expected to grow at a sustained pace, bringing new business growth points to companies. Keep up with the pace of innovation in large clients and seize opportunities for growth in new strategic products.
1. Gore shares (00224.sz) 3-quarterly reporting points in 2024 Strong partnerships, market- and technology-oriented, companies are actively engaged in strategic innovation transformations, and in the technological and consumer electronics industry with new and emerging smart hardware, iwon cosmos, etc.
In the selection of strategic paths, companies follow the pace of strategic innovation among the world’s top clients, optimize strategic resource allocation, support strategic product development, consolidate and deepen client resource advantages, and transform high-quality customer demand into companies.
3. Gore shares (002241.sz) event review: stock incentives, team of good talent to support innovation, core management team to guide the way.
4. Gore shares (002241.sz) were reported in 2023 as having built a pool of highly skilled and experienced technology in science, microelectronics, wireless communication, precision manufacturing, automation, etc.
The University, Shanghai Transport University, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, among other well-known universities and scientific institutions in the country and abroad, have worked together on a long-term basis to build an open and comprehensive technology research and development platform to support continuous innovation in technology and products. Moreover, the company’s core management team has always been robust and efficient.
Challenges such as fast upgrading, high quality, high manufacturing accuracy, short delivery cycles and difficulties in customer certification, managing teams keep up with market changes and constantly change innovation to ensure that strategic management, business management, technology development, precision manufacturing and intellectual manufacturing capabilities of companies remain at a high level in the long term.
Investment proposals: In view of the rapid growth in the company's sophisticated zero-component and smart hardware operations, benefiting from the wave of smartness in the consumer electricity industry, we adjust the company's profit projections to expect the net return profit in 2025-2027 to be sustained in the amount of market products such as automobile electronics, sustained subsequent performance growth and a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.