On the one hand, i.e., technology and intelligence, i.e., technology and intelligence.
The growing convergence of products such as mobile phones has led to an increase in market demand for high-performance acoustic sensors and mini-speaker products, a trend that is expected to expand in the future to more smart hardware products that carry the ai and have voice-interactive functions, opening up new growth space for companies to operate with sophisticated zero components. On the other hand, the ai technology is in the terminal.
The landing side will hopefully lead to a richer pattern of new and emerging smart hardware products and their use, with significant growth potential. For example, the global market for the ai smart glasses, whose main function is smart voice interaction and mapping, has grown rapidly in the first half of 2025, with new products coming out. The future will be accompanied by light waves, microscopic displays, etc.
Further maturity of technology, such as system-level envelopes, and further development of associated software applications, i smart glasses and ar Enhancement of real-life products are expected to grow rapidly and at the same time lead to the growth of related acoustic, optical, sensor, structural and other sophisticated zero-component operations, bringing new business growth points for companies.
The company signed a memorandum of understanding with the parties involved in the transaction to acquire the shares held by the other party by adding them to the transaction.
Sun Woo-Ou Werner Optics (Shanghai) Ltd. and Sun Woo-Ou-Ou-Wen-Ou-Nu-Thai (Shanghai) have a 100% stake in a limited public division (hereinafter "Shanghai-Orei").
In the same field, there have been many years of intensive farming, experienced core technical teams and excellent technological competitiveness, and large-scale fixed-asset purchases and related equipment investments have been made in such areas as Shanghai around products such as optical wave guidance devices.
The core competitiveness of Gore optics is significantly enhanced, further consolidating its competitive advantage in the field of crystalline nunar optical devices, such as optical wave guidance. On the other hand, this Gore optics combines Shanghai with an increased share in order to obtain the relevant fixed assets that have been purchased by Shanghai optics to significantly ease the independent investment in Gore optics.
Gore shares: The expected 24-year high performance is fully beneficial Financial pressures can also help Gore optical to accelerate the development of mature capacity in related areas and to pre-empt the market.
After this transaction, the company will remain the first major shareholder in Gore optical science and will continue to promote synergy between the company and Gore optical operations by combining its high-quality customer and project resources in the whole business area of ai smart glasses and ar enhancement of real-life areas with the core competitiveness of Gore optical in the field of precision optical devices.
There are innovative competitive advantages in fields such as science, optical science, microelectronics, precision manufacturing, and the expansion of electronic car-related business opportunities, leading to positive business progress in sub-directional directions such as sensors, arhud modules and optical devices.
The build-up of future automobile electronics and xr markets continues to grow, providing room for growth in corporate performance. The risk of “empowerment” is maintained, corporate products such as apples are being rolled out at a slower pace than expected, and market competition increases the risk; and acquisitions are not progressing as fast as they can.