Researchchand developmentcenter Deepen the layout of the Digital + Automobile, a high-quality share of the high-growth track
The first-time coverage of the report was by a company with a single electric share (002463), which, on 28th of July, 2023, “Teleton + Car” deepened the layout, with a high-quality share of the high-growth track.
From the stage, he thrived on the mainland and focused on the high-profile track.
The company was founded in 1992 to create Quinsan Electronics on the mainland. The Quin Shan Electronics grew rapidly after it was created, and then turned to the U-Li-Yi family. It was listed in 2010. The company was determined to maintain its profitability and operate to win with stability, not at the expense of Māori.
The market share has been widened blindly, except for the years 2014 - 2017, when it was affected by the company’s new production capacity and the impact of good growth, and the company’s profitability was significantly higher than that of the industry. Financial data indicate a steady increase in operating income and an overall increase in net return earnings.
Business communications: ai-dynamic power, switchboard & server to gold phase. Large models are moving into the gold phase, with a double exacerbation of the "Increased Model + Model Scale Up". ai server technology upgrades add up demand, server-to-server connectivity with high-speed switches, pcb volume increases.
, the general server platform continues to evolve, with a steady increase in the pcb value premium. Universal server: the server platform continues to overlap and pcb becomes more technology-intensive. As the server cpu structure evolves, the pcb material and layer numbers are increasing, e.g. (intel)
In terms of quantity, we estimate that the size of the common server is around 16 when the formulations and loads are not included.
The main applications for pcb are oam, ubb, cpu motherboard, etc.. According to our calculations, the ubb+oam+cpu master plate pcb is about 0.4378 m2.
Switches: A high-priced product from the Blue Sea track, a high-activity catalyst. The overall market pattern of the switchboard is better than that of the server, with leading manufacturers like Cisco, arista, and so on. We think there is less of a catalytic one, first of all: a high-speed rotation of the switchboard as a whole, materials upgrades, engineering difficulties.
Second, the big one has a large flow of data, or accelerated the landing or release of super-high-end switches like 400g/800g. But from the dosage nodes, the big model has a heating node that was limited to the cloud service provider's capital spending plan in the first half of this year.
Capital spending will be tilted to the ai server, and the switcher will be on the rise this year. And with the rapid deployment of the ai server, there will be an urgent increase in the upgrade of the exchange network, and next year, or a significant increase in the company’s business layout, which is more profitable than its rivals. As early as 2016, the company’s Yellowstone I plant.
In 2020, the company had the technical capability to process samples of 800 g exchange products. In 2022, the company ' s products for accelerated modules such as gpu, oam, fpga, and products for ubb, baseboard were approved.
In addition, there has been much success in the 800g exchange of the machine products of Sindh Securities Inc.. The company’s Māori ratio is significantly higher than that of its competitors in terms of profitability.
In addition to the company's own cost control, efficiency and other factors, it's mainly due to the company's technology.
Deeper, business is not a profit-for-share strategy, and there's a strategy to focus on the field of high premium farming. Cars: Electro-Intelligentity continues, Conservatives deepens the layout. We released \triangleright in 2023.
In the depth report, " Consumer electronics base plate secure, car layout is expected to recreate East Mount " , there was a measurement of motor power and intelligence: electric power: components like electric power drive, pcs, etc. are expected to generate 390-440 USD, and fpc, instead of traditional wire beams, is expected to generate 400-600 USD.
Increment, the sensor end is expected to result in a 459.35-car gain, totalling $909.35. Keeping up the rise in revenue, the Māori rate has fallen slightly, showing a more tenacity base.
Risk factors: the demand of the i industry is not as high as expected: the downside risk of electric vehicle sales; the profitability of the csp manufacturers in North America is not as high as expected; the short-term volatility risk of equity prices. pcb industry background: the supply-side industry has expanded significantly in recent years and demand-side consumption of electronics, industry, etc. is weak in the short term.
Earlier this year, pcb’s main downstream mid-winding track had been the number of areas where one pulls and new energy vehicles. The pcb industry was more cyclical, the intra-occupational stock situation was more influenced by the industry’s climate, and the typical pcb industry investment logic was top-down, i.e., the selection of a high-quality share in a high-quality track.
Company growth: Digital + car is the best downstream pcb trial at present, looking at the field of Jørn Al in the Beta track: one is expected to form an industrial revolution with the direct benefit of servers and switchboards. From the evolution of gpt, the advantages of the Great Parameters + Big Data development path have been proven, and the need for arithmetic needs are expected to continue to rise.
In addition, with the success of Chatgpt, the time of model rollout, the speedier layout of models such as Internet manufacturers and others, the time of model training is expected to be significantly reduced.
chatgpt level application or not far away. On the server, the measure dimensionai server needs to form an algorithmic cluster to expand the parallel capacity required for large model training and reasoning; the price dimension gpu rises the technical premium for components such as ubb, oam. On the switchboard, the measure dimension link server gpu brings a measurement gain, and the price the dimension is delivered.
Switching to high-speed overlaps increases the use of pcb layers. The company has been in the forefront of the digital field for many years, and is expected to benefit from the depths of this wave.
The power drive, pcs, etc. are expected to increase by $390-440, and the fpc, instead of the traditional wire beams, is expected to produce a meta-increment, and the sensor end is expected to produce a single car by $459.35, with a combined increase of $909.35. The current new energy vehicle penetration is continuing and the industry is still strong. Companies are actively developing motor power and intelligence in response to the trend of new energy vehicle penetration.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company's capital build-up took advantage of the project, and the layout of the p2pack technology strengthened its competitiveness.
Company profile: Deep Farming pcb Industry, with special focus on the number + auto high-growth track, deep-deep pcb Industry, with a variety of technologically leading products from the mainland, and high-quality plant in the pcb Industry. 1978 Wu Electronics Co. Ltd.
Founded in 1992, with the creation of the Kunshan Electronics on the mainland. After the creation of the Kunshan Electronics, which grew rapidly, the development of Nandi was limited, with multiple stock transfer and recapitalizations occurring between 1995 and 2009, and lost control over the company, which was controlled by the Wu Reyuan family.
The company was established in 1992 and placed on the market in 2010. For many years, it has cultivated the pcb industry, with products covering backboards, wiring cards, servers, antennas, hdi, and so on. The company has now obtained three registered trademarks, two computer software writing rights and 63 patent authorizations, of which 51 are patented, functionally new.
There are 12 patents. Patent technology is currently at a national and international advanced level as a whole. Figure 2: Corporate product matrix, with a much deeper process, multi-programming potential. The company is mainly downstream for the corporate communications market, automobiles, office and industry.
In the fields of preparedness, consumer electronics, the company has accumulated a deeper technological base, along with the company's potential in semiconductor, etc. Automobiles: the main applications are brakes, diversions, power, power management, etc. The company has 2-12 floors of perforated panels, mechanical blinds, hdi, rf/hf press panels, semi-crystal panels, 3-6oz thick copper plates, porcelain plates, copper panels, etc.
Provision of thick copper (3~12oz) plates, up to 20 floors. Computers: mainly used on high-end servers and industrial computers, companies can provide up to 40 floors of perforated board. Telecommunications infrastructure: used mainly for base stations, antennas, filters and power amplifiers, companies can provide 2-64 floors
pcb, with a variety of materials and processes. Core network: for high-end routers, switchhe storage, the company can provide up to 64 floors of high-tech perforation semiconductor: specially designed for chips, the company has multiple presses, hdi, pofv, back drills, 14 floors and above.
Industry: For power control, temperature and humidity control, plant automation, construction machinery, office equipment, etc., companies can provide 2-16 floors of puncture boards with mechanical blindness, hdi, semi-breathing, 3-6oz thick copper plates, etc. Figure 4: Company ' s main downstream and technical capabilities
The stock structure is stable, and the Ng Reeang family is the realist. The Bixin Investment, the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company, the Hong Kong Central Clearing House, and the Association hold 19.60%, 12.85%, 7.89%, 1.04%, respectively. The Bixin Investment Department holds 100% of the company's shareholders, the Wu Reeang family, and also controls some of the company's shares through the Association of Friends, and the Ng Ree-Chung family was able to hold them by the end of 2022.
The controlling company has 390 million shares and is actually in control of the company, and the financial position is steady, the profitability is constant, the operating income is steadily rising, and the parent has experienced an overall improvement.
Rates are well controlled and cost-effectively managed. Sales, management, financial rates were 3.3 per cent, 2.0 per cent, -1.6 per cent in 2022 and have been maintained at 3 per cent, 2 per cent, and 0 per cent, respectively, in recent years, demonstrating excellent cost-control capabilities.
Business is robust and profitable for a long time, with a steady deepening of the layout of the industry, waiting for performance. Companies listed in 2010a, focusing on corporate communications and the automobile market, continuing to deepen technology R & D and the production of capacity, 2014 with the global head of the hfpcb automobile industry, Schweizer
In 2015, the new plant in Kunsan and the new plant in Yellowstone became operational, and then the capacity utilization rate gradually increased and lost in 2016 and 2018 respectively. Following the downward trend of 5g, cloud computing, and new energy vehicles, in 2014, the company managed to make a steady success and made a long-term profit higher than the industry.
Instead of increasing market share blindly at the expense of the Maori rate, the company’s profitability for the rest of the year was significantly higher than that of the industry, except in 2014-2017, when it was affected by the company’s ability to build new production and a good climb. Stock prices were much higher than those of the industry, looking at the increase in the growth of the ai and the car.
In the short term, the pcb industry is expected to be driven by the ai applications and the car-scene breakdowns, both of which are strong corporate areas and are expected to grow rapidly again.
Business communication: A strong one, a high one-stop switch & a server to the gold phase, a strong one-size-fits-all injection, a high-speed growth of the server. Point #1: Large model development accelerates, a rapidly rising demand for arithmetic and a rapidly rising demand for ai servers.
On the one hand, the size of the large model has gradually increased, with gpt-3 having 1750 parameters and a training collection of about 30 billion tokens. The recently released pangu-design parameters exceed 100 billion and the size of the training collection stands at 32 billion.
Tokens. On the other hand, there has been a marked increase in the number of large models, their introduction into intensive periods, the acceleration of domestic science and technology, China, etc., and competition among overseas Internet head producers.
We studied the development of large models in the study " Four Questions, Aggregation of Values of the Chain of Industries " , released on June 18, 2023. In terms of the computational needs of the reasoning stage alone, the researchers Jaimesevilla, Lennartheim, etc., will count in " Computetrendsarosthreerossofmostmachelinelainin " .
Based on the results of a series of linear regression studies, the machine learning algorithms were divided into three ages: the pre-deep learning age (1952-2010): the average 21.3 months doubled; using the results, the average computing requirement for the large training model was 8e+23 flops in 2022, with 9.9 months doubling.
In other words, in 2023, the average training large model computing requirement was 1.9e+24flops; in 2024 it was 4.7e+24flops.
The calculus of large-scalemodelscirca 2015-2016.ai requires server carrying, the internal composition of the ai server is complex, and cpu/gpu is a core component. As a result of large models, it is built into eight British Weddal a100tensorcoregpus.
Point #2: The server platform continues to evolve, with a steady increase in the pcb value premium. From the scene, if gpu is not on board, the main panel pcb is the most used in the general server component. For example, the fosionserverxh321v6, the cpu board has the highest specifications, and the pcb main widget is the main panel, and
Parts such as risercards, ssd cards, memory, netcards, ioboards, management of web portals. Figure 22: Fusionserverxh321v6 Dismantling of server platforms continues to overlap and pcb is more technology-intensive.
The lead, of which Intel has a great advantage, is growing rapidly. Both manufacturers use verylowlos materials in their cpu structures, with 16-20 layers. Four layers have been added to the number of intergenerational layers, and the ccl (copperboard) materials have evolved.
In terms of material, the main panel pcb is most used in general server components without gpu. For example, the main panel is micaowanda1s1ruserver, with 0.055 square metres of 12 floors of ultra, 6 floors of ultra, and 12 floors of ultra.
The icelake processor for intel, cpu for mitece 80201sserver, is amdepyc702 and rome amdepyc703, corresponding to the whitely platform for intel and the zen2 platform for amd. We believe that the intel gelestream platform and the zen4 server for amd are expected to penetrate in the second half of the year and be opened on a large scale next year.
The main board will be upgraded to the 16-20 floor using verylowlos material.
Based on the above analysis, the size of the common server is about 0.23 square metres without including board and board. Of these, the reference thundercxgc79a-b7132 is close to the above-mentioned main plate size, and there are certain limitations in the design of the server due to the data centre rack, so we believe that the single common server pcb has a capacity of about 0.1 square metres.
Calculates 0.23 square metres. ccl materials at pcl 4.0/pcl 5.0 are lowlos/ultralowloses with 12-16/16-20 layers, respectively. Figure 26: specification of thunderxgc79a-b7132
Table 1: Main pcb measurement of common server #3:i server penetration, pcb specifications are steadily up and value levels continue to grow. Opencompoteproject (ocp) was launched by Facebook in 2012 and its impact is gradually increasing.
The construction of the then hardware, called modular architecture, not only enhances the generality of the system, but also allows for targeted research and development of individual modules. The creation of the project and the development and follow-up of white-plate vendors in such areas as servers, switchboards, etc. are significant. In the case of an open architecture (oai, for example, servers, the main uses of pcb are:
UBB: (universalbaseboard): 417 mm* 655 mm, approximately 0.2731 m2 and 30 gultra-lowlosmaterial. oam: (occceleratormodule): 102 mm*165 mm, approximately 0.0168 m2.
Figure 27: Oai system architecture Figure 28: ubb uses approximately 0.273135 m2 cpu master plate, similar to the common server, with material and layer numbers largely dependent on the server platform. Reference to current mainstream
On the ai server, we estimate that the ubb+oam+cpu master plate pcb is about 0.4378 m2. Of these, the ubb, oam, cpu master plate are 0.27, 0.02*8, 0.03 m. High-speed connectivity, with the switch being the key hub
Point #1: The switch is a key hub in the computing network, and with the rise of the data centre, the advantage of the spinal ridge structure becomes apparent. Network equipment refers to a variety of data transmissions, routers, switching equipment, including switches, routers, and wireless network equipment, the most important of which are switches and routers. Network equipment is the most basic physical facility for the Internet.
The use of network equipment in government, business, and business organizations is very extensive, with early realization of Internet functions such as network formation, file sharing, information transfer storage, etc. Now, as internal management informs, Internet+, big data and cloud platforms develop, network equipment is used as an infrastructure for information construction.
The core idea of the clos network is to build complex, large-scale networks with a number of small, low-cost units. The simple clos network is a three-tier interconnectivity structure with input levels, intermediate levels, output levels.
If you increase, reduce the number of mid-points as much as possible. m is the number of input ports for each sub-module, n is the number of output ports for each sub-module, r is the number of sub-modules for each level, after reasonable reordering, provided that r2max (m1,n3), an undisrupted route can always be found for any input to output.
Figure 30: switchfabric Figure 31: closing m\timesm
I don't know what you're talking about.
The k\ge=n switch connects parts of the network to each other and serves as a hub for the data centre computing network. The switch is similar to the controller, allowing different devices to share information and communicate with each other. The traditional tree web bandwidth is scaled up, while the one-size model operates.
The fat tree structure is better served by minimizing the loss of bags. The fat tree network uses a large number of low-performance switches to construct large-scale, unhampered networks.
As the network expands, the weaknesses of this architecture are becoming apparent, namely, that communications between the equipment have to be passed horizontally, which leads to inefficiencies. Leaf-spine allows the network to be flattened, with a leaf switch equivalent to the traditional access layer switch and a spinal switch similar to the core switch.
Switches select multiple paths through ecmp (equalcostmultipath). When there are no bottlenecks at the access port and uplinks on the leaf floor, the structure is unblocked. Since each leaf in the fabric is connected to every spine, the data centre's vomiting performance if a spine is in trouble.
There will be only a slight decline (slightly degrade).
But the ib switch is expected to benefit from deep-seated development. The switch market pattern is generally better than the server, with leading manufacturers such as Cisco and Arista taking a major share.
Rdma (remotedirectmorya access, remote direct memory access) can significantly improve data processing delays and allow high-suffering, low-delayed network communications. There are three types of rdma currently in the mainstream: infiniband, rce (rdmaoverconvergethernet), iwarp.
In June of the year, when using ib switches when infiniband is a network mode, the switch must be good, but costly. Infiniband accounts for 65% if only top 100 is considered. And when the number of machines is increased, the share of infiniband will continue to decline, largely because of its cost. Looking ahead, with the big model of the future.
We believe that infiniband is expected to fast-track into a high-end transition to a high-end exchange, mainly because the transfer cost of each bit of data in a high-bandwidth wide-field scenario continues to decrease.
The average cost per bit is 90 cents, then 60 gb/s is 400 cents for equipment and 120 gb/s is 200 cents for equipment. On 1 gb/s, the cost of switching is about $20 per bit. As a result, bandwidth has increased by 400 cents and the cost of moving is reduced by 33.4 times.
The data centre experienced a high market performance with the Tainet exchange, with a rapid increase in the sale of 200g/400g switches. 2023q1 data centre exchange sales amounted to $435 million on a year-on-year basis +23.2 per cent, representing 43.3 per cent of the total global Ethernet exchange revenue, of which 200g/400g sales increased by 41.3 per cent and 40g sales increased by 43.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Of the approximately 230 million deliveries from the centre at the Tainet switchboard port, 14.8 per cent more than the same year, 200g/400g exits amounted to 2.9 million, or +224.2 per cent, and the data centre switch market is expected to grow rapidly and 800g is expected to penetrate rapidly in 2024.
Dell'oro data, the data centre Ethernet exchange market is expected to grow faster in the future, of which 800g is expected to open quickly in 2024 and to replace the high-end exchange market quickly. Cisco and Arista account for a major share of the data centre high-end exchange port market.
Figure 41: Data centre market size of the Tainet exchange (2021-2027e) Figure 42: Data centre high-end port delivery marketpotentialbyspeed
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Point #3: The switch market is in the abyss and multiple catalytic stacks are expected to be released. First, the switch as a whole is high-speed, material upgrades, engineering difficulties, etc. result in higher pcb values. Second, the data flow in the big one model is large, or super-high-end switches like 400g/800g are either landed or released. Third, the big model is now off the heat node.
In the first half of the year, we believe that, limited to the cloud service provider’s capital spending plan, this year’s capital spending will be tilted toward a one server, which will be able to increase steadily this year. With the rapid deployment of a one server, the exchange network will be upgraded urgently, with a significant release node next year.
Switches are high-end, with a fast increase in the value of single pcb. Switches demand pcb mainly for main panels, cpu panels, fan panels, etc. Exchange market designs vary considerably and specifications such as specific sizes are relevant to the application landscape. But pcb material selection, layer numbers, etc., mainly consider media wear and tear, medium constants, transmission requirements, etc., and are therefore more referencing.
For layers, as 9700-32x for example (32 interface 400g switch), the number of floors is 24, cpu for 12 and fan for 4; for materials, the reference desk electrons are recommended for switchboard/routing products, 100 g for verylowlos, 400g for ultralowloss material.
800g product is extremelowlos material. Figure 43: Photo electrons recommended for switchboard/routing scenario product 100g/nrz
Figure 44: As9716-32x bird viewing, the wave is rising, and the switch needs are expected to be released quickly. On the traditional universal server, cpu assumes the functions of operation and control, but in the arithmetic network, the operation is largely performed by gpu.
Gpu from different servers is connected to provide a robust parallel computing capability to support the reasoning and operation of large models. Since the i server is mostly in the form of an eight-carat gpu isomer, the exchange rate will also be significantly increased. The specific use of the switch is related to the number of switches, the volume of condensation, etc.
The network, i.e. the network, does not accumulate. (No 16 network management switches are included.) Of the dgxa 100 Superpod in Weilda, 140 nodes should match 188 quantumqm8790, of which 166 are for calculation and 22 for storage.
8 sn 4600 and 10 as4610 in charge of Ethernet management. Server: Switch = 1:134. • 127 computing nodes for 64 quantumqm9700 in Yveida dgxh 100 Superpod (no station quantumqm8790, of which 48 are for calculation and 16 for storage).
8 sn 4600c and 8 sn 2201 managed by the network. Server: switchboard = 1:0.50. Figure 49:dgxh100subpod Main Composition Figure 48:dgxh100suppodsurack
1x200gbpsndr 2x400gbpsndr 1x400gbpsndr
Su4 It should be noted that the demand for the switch after dgxa100 Superpod upgrades to dgxh100 Superpod is not due to the reduced demand for data transfer. On the contrary, the ability of individual nodes to calculate is strong.
qm8790 provides 40 200g/s ports, while qm9700 provides 64 400g/s ports. On unit prices, according to the provider of the solution, the qm9700 unit price has more than doubled compared to qm8790.
Figure 50: qm8790 Configuration Figure 52: Mellanoxquantum series reference sales price Company end: large clients, both within and outside the country, leading in a highly technologically profitable industry
In 2016, the company ' s Yellowstone plant specifically designed production lines for servers, focusing on the development of intelpurley platform products. In 2018, the company ' s 400g switchpcb was paid in small quantities. In 2020, the company focused on expanding cloud computing, the development of the ai platform ' s products, and the 800g switch product was available with a sample plus.
In 2022, the company ' s products for accelerated modules such as gpu, oam, fpga and those for ubb, baseboard were bulked and pre-developed for ubb2.0 and oam2.0; in addition, the 800g switchboard products were highly successful.
The company’s competitors in the data centre area are ttmtechnologys, etc. By product structure, the company’s main revenue is from the company’s communications market board, accounting for 66% in 2022.
Data centres and network products account for 42% of the revenue structure of tttechnologys. Figure 54: Corporate revenue structure in 2022 is on a steady upward trend and is more profitable than competitors.
Near, less than ttmtechnologys, but corporate growth has generally stabilized, with a slight decline in 2021 only in the last five years. In terms of profitability, the company’s Māori ratio is significantly higher than that of its competitors, owing mainly to its technological depth, its non-profit-for-share strategy, and its concentration on the field of high premium cultivation, with the exception of the company’s own cost-control, business efficiency, etc.
Automotives: Electro-intelligence continues, power-consumption policies deepen layouts, electric intelligence continues, new energy vehicle penetration continues unabated, price dimensions: the depth report we published in 2023, "Consuming Electronic Basics are secure, car layouts are expected to re-create. "
In the mountains, motor power and intelligence were measured: electric power: components like electric motors, pcs, etc., are expected to produce an increase of $390-440, and fpc replaces traditional lines; intelligence: domain controllers are expected to bring an increase of $450 and sensors are expected to bring an increase of $459.35.
Volume, total increment, $909.35. Figure 59: Value increment of electrodynamic pcb (Teslamodel3) Figure 60:l2 typical configuration (in the case of model3)
The market for new energy vehicles dropped slightly at the beginning of the year, and the entire grid deteriorated. According to the June figures, 665,000 vehicles were sold in the country, compared to +24.2 per cent, and on 12 June, the Ministry of Industry and Informatization, the Development Reform Commission, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, the National Energy Agency issued a document to organize the 2023 campaign.
In addition, Teslafsd is expected to enter China, and the trend toward motor motorization and intelligence is expected to continue. Figure 61: New energy vehicle sales (2021m1~2023m6), citing our estimates for the E-consumption Basics, which are expected to be re-created in East Mount, 2022
The market size of pcb is 48.2 billion yuan and is expected to reach 62.6 billion yuan in 2025, with cagr reaching +9.1 per cent.
Carboard operations have maintained a rise in revenue and a small decline in the Māori rate, showing a more tenacity base. Figure 63: Corporate carboard Māori ratio (2018-2022) Automobile business is progressing well, with the acquisition of winning ideas to deepen the layout.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company was able to build up its own competitiveness with a capital build-up, a layout of p2pack technology.
Figure 64: Advances in the company's automobile business in recent years Enterprise communications market board operations: benefits from increased demand for servers and switchboards under the development of the ai 2023-2025 Office and industrial equipment panels: as macroeconomic recovery progresses, we expect company office and industrial equipment board operations to be available
Taking into account factors such as company business growth, technology advantages, customer advantage, selecting technology for the future, deep south circuits, and winning macro technology as comparable companies, as of the latest trading date (27 July), the need for the petai sector of company 2023e/2024e/2025e is lower than expected: corporate business growth comes from the servers and switchboards at the core of the one, if not the other.
The company’s valuation and profits are expected to take on pressure. The downside risk of electric car sales is that electric vehicles are the direction of important new company layouts, and their growth may be hampered if demand in the electric vehicle industry falls short of expectations.
North American headcsp producers are less profitable than expected: vr/North American headcsp is the lead sheep in the ai field, which may lead to a decrease in the ai’s investment if the profit is not as high as expected after a strong placement. Short-term stock price volatility risk: company stock prices may be subject to short-term fluctuations.
Sub-groups, then joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group in November 2022 to study optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc. Entered Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (GSM) Inc. in September of that year, acting as PVS engineer, joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group in December 2022
Subgroups, which study sophisticated electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment, parts and components, semiconductor processes, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.