Newtime security
30 billion Hong Kong dollars in financing, with new energy cars full of electric front lines - an announcement-point-h share of 133 million shares to raise about 30 billion Hong Kong dollars
On 21 January 2021, Biadi issued an announcement that the company would sell 133 million shares in h shares at a price of HK$ 225/stocks and raise approximately HK$ 29,925 million in fund-raising, and that the share of the port after deduction of commission and estimated cost represented about 4.9 per cent of the current a+h share.
The stock of the pre-sale a+h stock was approximately 2,728 million shares (1,813 million shares and h 915 million shares), and the new energy vehicle was caught in the window and ready for distribution.
Biadi is the vanguard and leader of the new energy vehicle worldwide, selling around 190,000 new energy vehicles in 2020, which will be the first in a row in a domestic car factory for many years. Accompanied funds will capture the window where the new energy vehicle explodes, and hold on to key areas of the new energy vehicle industrial chain, such as batteries, new energy packages, and intelligence.
At the lowest/highest (in yuan) per year, the assets and liabilities of pre-sale companies are approximately 65%, with higher interest costs delaying performance. Reimbursing interest-bearing liabilities helps the company to optimize its capital structure and enhance profitability performance.
* Intubation, full power, full power speed, intruding, intruding, intruding, in January, the company released the dm-i version of Qin, Song, Tang Intruder, at a price of kilometre, opening up a wider market space for plug-in cars.
With the technology of intruding and pure trams leading the way, the company will speed up the process of full electricization. For power batteries, the company will accelerate the production and release of blade batteries, which are now recommenced.
With about 12.8 gwh, the Blade Battery Factory at Guiyang, Changsha and Port under construction and progressive energy release, the blade battery capacity is expected to reach 46 gwh by the end of 2021, providing a strong guarantee for the growth of the company ' s new energy vehicle sales.
Pre-equity prices were 102, 87, 79 times higher, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Business Highlights High, Long-Term Logic Gradual Validation