On March 2nd, the horizon and Biade held a strategic cooperation signing ceremony at Biadey's Biadi headquarters in Shenzhen.
Together with the world's famous chip company, which is driving the process of nationalization of chips, the horizon is the global leader of the peripheral artificial intelligence chip, with leading artificial intelligence algorithms and chip design capabilities. Biadi, as the engine of the new energy vehicle, has the ability to develop and produce the igbt chip autonomously, including the core.
This collaboration, which combines Biadi with the horizon, will explore the depths of intelligent pilot ai processors, autopilot computing platforms, visual perception algorithms, and will jointly contribute to the construction of the basic technology platform "chips+calculation+tool chain" in the long run.
Adi is expected to build on its stronger industrial chain of integration up and down, and use the head technology firm's horizons to achieve production. The unit has developed in tandem with the deep 300 movement of industry, breaking global chip supply chain concentration patterns, and thus accelerating chip nationalization.
The increasing importance of the new energy car competition, the high-calculatory chip that accelerates intelligence \triangleright as the core hardware of the new energy vehicle for intelligent and electrodynamicization, is growing, among other things,
Arithmetic is one of the core competitivenesss of car chips. A car with a high-calculation chip is driving on a road, which is equivalent to a mobile, decentralized computer that collects information on urban roads, pedestrian characteristics, etc. through sensors. A depth analysis of relevant data would facilitate the optimization of intelligent driving systems and accelerate the development of car intelligence.
The autopilot system under the Biadi flag, which can support dipilot, was officially launched in June 2020 and mounted on the Hanev model, with self-adapted cruises, automatic parking, remote-controlled driving, etc. The Horizon, the only technology company in the country that has achieved pre-loading of car-class smart chips, has completed its "smart driver plus smart seat" at the level of 122-l3.
In the future, with the accelerated development of car intelligence, Biadi is expected to work together to further explore the design of high-calculus chips, using its technological build-up in the field of chip and intelligence.
A smart, high-continuing smart network car, gaining a competitive advantage in the battle for new energy upgrades. Investment logic: increase in the volume of single hot sales, increase in the share of dm-i ' s new vehicle type
The company is the lead in new domestic energy vehicles, and in January 2020 the new energy business met expectations, with 1.4 million electric vehicles sold, an increase of 181 per cent, and the plug-in hybrid vehicle sales, about 5,400 vehicles, an increase of more than 188 per cent. Of these, the flag “Han” sold more than 12,000 cars in January, with a cumulative total of 52,659 vehicles sold since it was listed, driving the company's new energy multipliers.
Car sales have continued to increase. With the introduction of the Dm-i supermixed system to the market, the relatively high performance of the new vehicle and its significant price advantage for fuel trucks of the same grade are expected to drive further growth in the sale of cars, capture the share of the fuel truck market, and facilitate the transition of domestic fuel trucks to phev and then to ev.
Biadi, as an autonomous new energy leader, is expected to accelerate its development in the field of smart driving by working with domestic chip-leading companies; the new dm-i model under the flag, in conjunction with the existing best-selling bill, will help sustain the growth in overall sales. Multiply, the company’s current corporate value/income is 4.5 times higher than the industry average, and maintains a “recommended” rating.
1. Biadi: New energy-driven business growth, new vehicle-type sales over time Industry recovery below expectations, new vehicle-type sales below expectations and chip project returns below expectations.
Biadi: dm-i saves the economy, replaces the fuel truck with the civil security.
Jung-ho Wang, Assistant Research Assistant in the Automobile Industry, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, joined in July 2018. Jianyan, Research Assistant, Master of Finance, Illinois University of Technology, joined in 2019.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,