On January 11, 2021, Biadi launched the Dm-i supermix power platform, and the new model started to be pre-sold.
dm-i is a super-low fuel, power-driven, disruptive of traditional hybrid technology dm-i as a fourth generation plug-in hybrid power system, and is the company ' s core technology platform for the next three years.
Technically, 100 km of oil consumption is only 3.8l without charge. The three core components are two-power-ehs electrolytes, high-efficiency engines, and power blade cells. In this, the highly integrated ehs mixes are reduced by 30% in volume and weight, enabling an ultra-high rotation of 16,000 rpm, with a peak power of 160 kw. 1.5 l Atkinson cycling.
The maximum heat efficiency of the engine was around 43%, the highest in the world.
Biadi successfully developed a dm-i super-mixed special power blade battery, using a serial core design, i.e., a single blade battery is made of multiple rolls around the core, with only 10-20 pieces of the entire battery package, and structural simplification has resulted in a reduction of more than 30% in spare parts and a build-up to 65% in volume efficiency.
With regard to thermal management performance, this blade battery is a power cell for the first global pulse-to-heating technology, which controls the battery ' s high frequency charge, achieves self-heating effects, increases the heat efficiency of the battery by 10%, and has a higher level of safety. In terms of charge, the blade battery has communication or a fast flow charge.
Function to meet the demand for charging of different scenarios, with direct flow charging up to 80% of the 30min charge. As power-type blades increase further safety and continuity mileage of the pond, the internal usage rate continues to rise, and its superior performance will bring about new growth in the company ' s power, battery and automobile operations.
A combination of parities and high performance is expected to raise the market ratio of mixed cars \triangleright with dm-i in Biadei, which will be officially marketed in March 2021.
dm-i lost just 3.8l/100km, 100 km at about 7.3s, faster than the conventional fuel truck 2-3s, with a maximum combined range of 1,245km, with a price range of $1538-1758,000. The model is superior to the same fuel vehicle in terms of power performance and experience of use, and allows the replacement of the fuel truck with a flat price. Songplusdm-i is the world’s premiere.
Super-mixed suv, with an ehs power mix, with a 100-km fuel consumption of 4.4l and 4.5l, with a combined range of 1,200 km. s010118807030 Dondm-i as a medium- and large-intelligence super-mixed suv, focused on economic comfort, using a high-intensity steel safety body of 63%
As the number of second-born families increases, seven suvs are better suited to extended family mobility, and will become the more powerful driving power in the future, with the potential to benefit from deeper sales than Addy Dondm-i.
Under this distinction, with clear positioning to meet the needs of different client groups, companies are expected to achieve rapid growth in sales of mixed cars, with the prospect of taking up the share of the fuel truck market, and further boosting the transition of domestic fuel trucks to phev and then to ev. Power-based blade batteries, which combine safety with continuity, are expected to generate new growth in the company’s battery and automobile operations;
The market share of companies is expected to continue to rise in combination with the Dm-i-type parity and high performance. We expect public 1, Biadei (002594): Blade batteries, industry recovery is not as high as expected, new model sales are not as high as expected, and technology development is not as high as expected.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Wang Jingjun, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, joined the Civil Security Securities in July 2018, Johnstin, Research Assistant, Master of Finance, Illinois University of Technology, 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.