Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Research cmbinternational awhollyownsubdiaryofchinamerchantsbank
Biadi Holdings-a (002594ch) benefits from the phosphate of lithium. Biadi publishes excellent December car sales data.
In 2020, the number of new energy cars sold reached 44 per cent. Looking ahead, in 2021, we can still see a number of catalysts for business development in Biadi, including 1) new dm-car models were published and will continue to boost vehicle sales; 2) the roll-out of drop-and-drop-coup vehicles will lead the cycle of renewal of electric vehicles;
3) Power cell energy expansion will support more electric car sales; and 4) semiconductor operations will be split and the new energy source will be sold faster in December. Biadi issued a December 2020 car announcement.
56,000 vehicles sold, year-on-year + 30 per cent/ring + 4 per cent. In December, the number of new energy vehicles was 29,000, year-on-year growth by 120 per cent (of which 28,000 by car, year-on-year + 157 per cent, commercial vehicles 1,247, year-on-year, year-on-year Xiaochuan).
The Chinese market continues to climb, with 12,000 vehicles delivered in December, a 19.6 per cent increase in the ring, and China’s new energy vehicle sales will accelerate in 2021. Looking ahead, China’s new energy and vehicle sales will continue to increase in 2021.
We expect that the penetration rate of new energy vehicles will be higher than previously expected. Specifically, we expect the penetration rate of new energy vehicles to reach 7 per cent in 2021, with an equivalent sales of 1.92 million vehicles, an increase of 57 per cent over the previous period.
In 2021, the company's sales of new energy vehicles increased by 99%. By 2020, Biadi was affected by the outbreak and the late release of new vehicles, and the penetration rate of new energy vehicles dropped to 15%.
New cars will be launched and dropped on Qinplus (based on the latest super-mixed dm-i platform), new models like Songpro dm will boost new energy vehicle sales and will continue to be strong in driving new energy vehicles. At the top of Tob, we expect Biadi and D1 to be on the Net.
We expect 60,000 drops in 2021 to be in the lead in the re-purchase cycle. As we continue to maintain a strong recovery in new energy vehicles, we expect Biadi’s share in the new power-car market to continue to rise to 20%, with a corresponding sales of 364,000 vehicles, a 99% increase.
Considered that Biadi would gradually shift the focus of its operations to new energy vehicles, so that the fuel truck would grow at a rate of RMB 5.3 billion in 2020. Based on the company ' s combination of automobile sales and sales, we increased the public sector ' s profit estimate by 1% to RMB 5.3 billion for the whole of 2020.
Based on the above-mentioned outlook adjustment, we have increased the forecast of profits for the entire year 2021 by 11% to RMB 7.7 billion. Strong demand for phosphate lithium batteries will boost the valuation of battery operations.
The main reason for this is the industry demand for drops in Tesla prices. As a result of the drop in Tesla’s national production, domestic producers are under constant downward pressure, and the future volume of phosphate lithium is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. At the same time, traditional phosphoric acids are expected to grow.
Lithium cells are still short-boarded in range compared to three-dollar batteries. Blade cells, using the advantage of high volume density, can at the same time compensate for the short-plate, and are therefore expected to be the preferred in the dichotomy of phosphate. Biadi Blade cells are still in production slopes, we believe.
The demand logic will support the growth of the output after its expansion. We have therefore raised the value of the Biadi power cell blocks to reflect a more optimistic expectation of delivery. We have adopted 2025e35xpe. (Cf. semiconductor operations will be marketed in 2021.) On December 31, 2020, Biadi issued an announcement stating,
Biadi semiconductors are planned to be marketed. Biadi semiconductor semiconductor products are igbt modules and third generation semiconductor products (sic). Biadi is currently planning its own sic production line, which is expected to be completed by 2021. In addition, Biadisic will be fully replaced by igbt in 2023 to enhance the continuation of the entire vehicle.
It's about 10% mile. We're looking at Biadi's accumulation of technology in the field of semiconductors. The third generation of semiconductors (nitrothal and silicon carbide) has the characteristics of a wide band that is very suitable for high-pressure device applications.
Base stations and microwave radars. The main applications in Biadi's focused area of sic are still in the field of new-energy auto power and charge posts. With the construction of the 5g base station into the accelerator, small base stations (micro-based stations) will be released gradually. The equipment supplier will use the carbonated silicone-based nitrium (gan-on-sic) in the future.
Designed as a power module to achieve a higher power density (to avoid the large amount of heat management hardware that Idmos needs, thereby reducing base station size) to meet the high frequency and high power demand of its base station. We believe that Biadei will be expected to operate further independently, thereby expanding the product matrix to fit its needs.
By the beginning of December 2020, Biadi applied to the Chinese CVM for a new distribution of h shares. According to the rules of the two markets, we believe that h shares are subject to a higher time limit.
Stock prices have converged, and we expect a relatively limited increase in h prices and profit spreads, while efficient fund-raising has helped companies to expand their production to meet the current market’s fast-expanding blade demand for batteries, further tightening the extra-power batteries for logical realization, with the prospect of releasing plate valuations.
The value of the first two modules of the company is much lower than that of new energy cars and electric cars. Based on our adjusted forecast of new energy automobile sales and the continued rapid increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles over the long term, we are expected to be able to do so.
The market sales of new energy vehicles are estimated to be nine times higher, and the power cell block is forecasted to be 35 times higher in 2025. In combination, we value the vehicle plates, power cells, and semiconductors, respectively.