The Sini San Reconnaissance Reporter (002594.sz)
Automobile operations are moving faster, and the contribution of anti-epidemic materials is clear.
83.993 billion yuan, +32.76 per cent; 60.43 billion dollars for cellular parts, assembly, and automobile-related products, of which the proceeds of the mobile parts, assembly and automobile-related products include the receipt of preventive supplies.
In the second half of the year, automobiles have benefited mainly from the maintenance of heat sales in Biadehan, Don, Song, and Qin. In the mobile phone component business, corporate glass ceramics and new smart products have grown rapidly as a result of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic that has driven tele-office demand.
Highest/lowest in the year: Biadehan, which expands the market in high-end areas. July 2020: Bya Dehan, the flagship vehicle with the application of blade battery technology, was placed at over 200,000 high-end pure electricity.
Circulation a/total equity (billions): Type of vehicle, innovative design, 605 km continued, with 40,000 vehicles sold in half a year. Market value of Circulation a share in 2021 (billions):
In February, Bialdihan was ranked third in the new energy vehicle, and as a high-end model, new cars were published, and sales were expected to go to new steps. In the area of system integration, the company pushed out a new dm4.0 hybrid system to reduce the cost of hybrid vehicles.
The dm-i mixer model is more expensive and may become a boomerang model in the future. New energy subsidies continue, and overall policy continues to favour new energy vehicles in the long run.
Moreover, central policies such as “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” and local policies have also been characterized by a preference for new energy vehicles.
Biadi has demonstrated a strong presence from technology to the market, and the new models that have been introduced in recent years have been increasing in productivity and quality. In the future, business profits are expected to increase in 2021 as Biadihan’s heat sales and new hybrids continue to climb.
28th floor of Trade Center, 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, 28th Main Rixie Street, Beijing City, 7th floor of the Interstate Center.
Sansi Securities Co. Ltd. sells new energy vehicles less than expected; macroeconomics continue to decline.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.