In February, sales increased by the same amount, and the new vehicle stock was ready to be released.
In February 2021, Biadi sold a full fleet of about 209,000 vehicles, an increase of 2.8 per cent. In the new energy business, the company ' s new energy vehicle sold about 104,000 vehicles in February, an increase of 269 per cent in the same year, a decline of 48.7 per cent in the ring.
In addition, the sale of company fuel trucks in February was 10 per cent higher than in the same period last year, representing a significant increase of 292 per cent, a decrease of 52.4 per cent, and an overall increase in corporate sales and a decline in ring sales, mainly due to the fall in production and sales due to spring holidays: “According to the Year” policy, which led to a reduction in the demand for vehicles.
Less: 12,000 heat sales in “Hanev” in January resulted in a larger base: the company or initiative to reduce production in the dm3.0 series, compared to the trend of 300 deep, is the new dm-i vehicle that is about to be marketed.
New car flats go hand in hand with high performance, boost the share of power in the mix, and the model of the dm-i supermix power system will be on the market in March. Of this, the most competitive Qin plusdm-i has spent 3.8l/100km, 100 km at about 7.3s, faster than the traditional fuel truck 2-3s, with the highest overall continuation.
The distance is 1245 km, with a price range of $10.78-14.7 million, with a significant price advantage over a fuel vehicle of the same grade, or it will become a hot-market item in a blended series, raising the market share of the helper company. In addition, Songplusdm-i is the world’s first wide-body super-mixing suv, with a 100-km fuel consumption of 4.4-4.5l, with a combined fleet of 1,200 km; Dondm-i as a medium-sized intelligence.
Super-mixing suv, mostly economic comfort, with a dipilot smart driving support system, with a loss of electricity of 5.3l/100km and 5.5l/100km, with a maximum duration of 1050 km. New vehicle flat prices combined with high performance, are well positioned to meet the needs of different client groups, which are expected to drive rapid growth in the sale of mixed cars and further seizure.
The share of the oil truck market, driving the transition of domestic fuel trucks to phev and then to ev.
In the near future, the company announced that it would explore further with the horizons in terms of smart pilot ai processors, autopilot computing platforms, visual perception algorithms, etc., to advance the construction of a basic technology platform called Chip Plus Tool Chain. The horizon, as the only technology company in the country that currently produces pre-loaded smart chips, has advanced artificial intelligence algorithms.
Biadi, as the country’s new energy leader, has a deep build-up in the area of car intelligence, and has the capacity to integrate the chip industry and develop and produce autochips, including igbt, mcu, and so on. In the context of the acceleration of electric intelligence, Biadi is expected to build on its technological accumulation in the field of chip and intelligence, working together to level the ground.
The line further explores the design of high-calculus chips and accelerates the landing of its smart-drive project. As an autonomous new energy leader, the new dm-i model will be listed in conjunction with the existing best-selling singles, which will drive the whole car up and increase its share of the new energy market: working with domestic chip-leading companies is expected to accelerate its use in intelligent driving.
1. Biadi (002594): Associated with the horizon, smart driving market 2. Biadi (002594): New talent.
Source-driven business growth, availability of new models, industry recovery less than expected, sales of new models less than expected, and chip project returns less than expected.
Wang Qingyi, assistant in auto research, Bachelor of Economics, University of Wuhan, Nanjing University, Master of Finance, July 2018, joined the civil securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.