New energy-driven business growth, new vehicle-type sales are time-consuming, and Biadi issued a January production and sales fast spot review. On 3 February, Biadi released a car fast, producing about 47,000 vehicles in January, a 87.3 per cent increase over the same period;
More than 42,000 vehicles were sold, an increase of 68.44 per cent over the same period. Of these, about 20 million new vehicles were sold, an increase of 183.1 per cent; 307 new energy commercial vehicles were sold ... an increase of 171.7 per cent; 22,000 fuel vehicles were sold monthly ... an increase of about 23.2 per cent over the same period.
Corporate whole-car sales have been growing, with cars selling around 42,000 in January, an increase of 68.44 per cent; new energy vehicles, as the main driving force behind the company's overall increase in sales, have grown by more than 20 million in January, about 182.8 per cent over the same period last year, and about 30.0 per cent less than the previous month's ring. New energy vehicles have benefited from the recovery in the car industry and from the control of the domestic epidemic.
A higher sales rate than the same rate of increase is influenced by the subsidy drop-off policy, with a negative rate of growth in the new energy sales ring ratio.
Year after year, the company’s new energy business sold more than 14,000 electric cars in January, an increase of 181 per cent in the same year; plugged in about 5,400 electric hybrid vehicles, an increase of 188 per cent in the same year. And then Biadehan, with its technology, was expected to continue to heat up, and with the dm-i supermixing system, the entire Biadey dynasty was in a hybrid vehicle.
On the market, the super-high performance of the new model and its significant price advantage for fuel trucks of the same grade are expected to lead to a continuation of rapid growth in sales of the company ' s mixed cars, further capture of the share of the fuel vehicle market, and drive the transition from domestic fuel trucks to phev to ev.
A high-end vehicle project is being prepared, brands are on the way to increasing their strategic growth path \triangleright 3 February, the publication of the Biadi organizational restructuring programme confirms the company's plans to build high-end branding projects.
The company already owns a series of low-cost fast-line electric cars, and a series of dynasty cars that locate middle-end customers. As high-end brand projects land, the company is expected to break the entrenched brand image of consumer perception and further strengthen the strategic growth path on the brand; the product structure of the company will be improved and the model will become clearer and cover low-to-medium heights.
At the end of the market, stock sales are expected to continue to grow fast. With company-driven new energy operations driving stock sales to keep growing, with a combination of Dm-i-type flat prices and high performance, the market share of companies mixed up is expected to continue to rise; high-end branding projects are expected to improve brand structure and achieve low-medium-high-end.
The epidemic has not been brought under control as expected, the recovery of the industry has not been expected, and the sales of new models have not been as high as expected. 1, Biadei (002594): carrying blade batteries, 2, and Biadi has published a report on new car-type events:
(dm-i) Energy efficiency, fuel vehicle parity replacement. Summary of company financial statement data projections. Wang Jing Jing, B.A. in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, July 2018.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.