• Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) company published sales data for February 2021, total sales of 20927 in February.
This is an increase of 280%. Of these, 10355 new energy vehicles, an increase of 270% over the same period. The Quality Ring echoes, waiting for new cars.
The main reasons are as follows: 1) industry and company sales were affected by spring events in February. 2) Companies actively mediate the product matrix, preparing for the subsequent roll-on, with the intention of reducing the production and sale of old platform vehicles. We believe that short-term sales loops are matched by industry and industry.
The company’s prices compare to the 300-year-old trend, the strategic impact of the company’s products, and its short-term performance. With the company’s dmi-pound vehicle on the market in March, the company will locate the “price butcher” and move towards a more affordable sale of new energy vehicles.
On March 2, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the horizon to further strengthen the company's ecological circle in the field of intelligent driving. The horizon is the leading supplier of artificial smart chips in the country.
This collaboration, Biadi and the horizon are strongly connected to the intelligent driving market and will form the basic technology platform with the horizon in the Chip Plus Arithmetic Plus Tool Chain, including the smart pilot ai processor, the smart pilot computing platform, the visual perception algorithm,
We believe that Biadi, as the leader of a new energy vehicle, also has a potential for development and a technological base in the field of smart driving. Macroeconomic growth slows: uncertainty about the location and implementation of automobile policies: new energy fuels.
Risks such as increased competition in the car market.
The research area covers passenger cars, commercial cars, car parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t worry: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, USA, six years of lithium research, covering the lithium electricity chain.
Teen Fei: Four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce and Finance, Kedge, France, complex background in electrical engineering and finance, and coverage of the lithium electricity industry chain. Semper: Three years of research experience in buyer industry, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, research area covered wind and light voltage. Using information of legal compliance, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.