Medical Health Research Center Medicines new products increase to the same level as gland, and growth continues to be optimized Company basics (RMK)
On August 23, 2021, the Ambulance Medicines published their mid-2021 report, which enabled the collection, return to the mother ' s net profit and deduction of non-net profits of 16,952 million, 2,482 million yuan and 1,570 million yuan, respectively, representing an increase of 21 per cent, 45 per cent and structural excellence over the same period: the growth of new pharmaceutical products promoted the optimization of the main industry structure, with the ebit going up 21 per cent for the first time in four years.
The company's pharmaceutical plates are in stock of such stocks as Utopia (non-buzza), Bong (peatatin calcium) and, under pressure from declining sales prices, income continued to grow in the first half of the year, product structure continued to improve, mainly from: 1) the contribution of the listing and release of new products: Han Likang (Litossing against Injection)
In the second half of 2020, Han Kuo-Yu, Su Ko-Sin, earned $325 million and $206 million respectively in the first half of the year; and 2) benefited from Mika-Fen.
Glandpharma's operating income increased by 32.08 per cent over the same period; 3) In the first six months of Hong Kong and Australasia, the government inoculation programme was introduced.
The company continues to optimize its marketing channels for its stock of products, with an increase of 60.70% in revenue from the sale of the antomochia (cigine twenties) compared to the same year. Innovation continues: research and development remains high, and China’s first cytotherapy drug, Qaida, has been approved for listing.
3. Review of the performance of the Mrna vaccine for the construction of a re-star medicine - 1.8 billion dollars in research and development of the pharmaceutical plate in the first half of the year, 15 per cent of pharmaceutical sales, 80 patent applications, including 10 United States patent applications and 20 pct applications; 35 patent authorizations for inventions.
In June 2021, Qatar, used by the company ' s joint venture to treat adults with relapsed or incurable large b-cell lymphoma, became the country ' s first approved car-t-cell therapy product.
The forward-looking layout: the international leader of the mrna new vaccine, 2021, or high-elastic profit-making space. 5. Re-Star Medicines Review – Innovative Vaccines International leads.
Innovative drug stick-driven growth, 2021.4.2 Clinical data published by many countries shows that Delta variants are protected during the active period. Many countries around the world are moving forward with the third boost of those who have completed two doses, as well as with populations in uninoculated areas.
If this vaccine is approved in the country, it will provide the company with a higher degree of profitability. Zhao Haichun’s new drug development and marketing process are not as risky as expected.
The impact of policies such as national collections carries the risk of a reduction in the overall profitability of medicines. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, and then an average calculation of the final rating as an average market investment