Mid-2021: Performance met expectations, with innovation and internationalization leading by billions of yuan, an increase of 20.38 per cent in the same year; net operating cash flow of $1,707 million, an increase of 16.79 per cent in the same year. Of this, income from core pharmaceutical operations remained robust and generated business income of 122.48
▪ Innovation results continue to fall and expand, and industry structures continue to optimize: companies are committed to promoting innovation and accelerating the deployment of innovative technologies and products. In the first half of 2021, research and development invested 1,954 million yuan, an increase of 29.73 per cent over the same period. With Han Likang, Han Kuyu, Su Ko-Shin, Henda Far, Qaeda, etc.
A variety has been marketed and sold in quantities, and innovative products have contributed to sustainable growth in performance, including a significant increase in sales in Han Likang, which has accumulated revenues of $724 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 223.21 per cent; Han Kuo-Yu (Calling) and Su Ko-hyun (Malytic Avocupa).
In the first half of the year, $325 million and 206 million, respectively; in the first six months of the country's marketed car-t-cell therapy product, a joint venture company, Sengsu Kai, was incorporated into the government vaccination programme in Hong Kong and Australasia and earned income in the first half of the year.
More than 500 million yuan have also been proposed for supply to Taiwan, China, for which income is expected to increase significantly in the second half of the year, with a further 30% increase in internationalization operations. Companies are implementing internationalization strategies in many dimensions, such as innovation development, bd, production operations, and commercialization.
(b) Enhancing production, marketing capacity in India and Africa through gland pharma and tridempharma subsidiaries; and
The company’s overseas commercialization team is close to Biontech to establish a joint venture.
1,000 people, with $5,198 million in operating income in the first half of the year outside mainland China and other countries, long-term recognition of the mrna new coronary vaccine market, active promotion of internal resource consolidation, initial integration of diagnostics and medical and US operations.
In the field of medical beauty, recovery technology (sisram) is actively expanding its original capabilities.
Into the ground, the medical plate has opened up to new sources of medical beauty equipment, and strategic paths such as beauty dentals, injection fillings, etc. have been introduced.
In the diagnostic section, each individual is identified as a research and development centre, a differential instrument research and development platform, a testing service business platform, a reagent 3, A repeat star medicine (600196): performance, based on the operational focus and characteristics of each subsidiary.
The division of positions between manufacturing bases, etc., meets expectations, and innovative drugs have successfully gone out to sea! 2020-10-29.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: As the volume of corporate products is increasing, the results of research and development of innovative products are on track and research and development inputs are increasing, and the process of internationalization abroad is accelerating, we maintain that Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory board.