The new varieties enter the harvest period, the value of the financial assets increases, and the innovative varieties enter the harvest period, becoming the main engines of company growth.
Han Likang generated revenues of $724 million, an increase of 223.21 per cent over the same period; Han Kuyo sold sales of $325 million (injection of curly beads) and Su Ko-Shin sold $206 million (Maletty Arbopa. It became a new growth engine for corporate income and profits.
At the same time, the first approved car-t-cell therapy product in the country was agreed upon by Quante, the second one of its adaptive disorders was incorporated into the PDA’s breakthrough treatment drug program. During the reporting period, the company invested $1,954 million in research and development to provide strategic planning and lay the foundation for future long-term development.
In March 2020, after researching the biontech, curevac, and Moderna, the company chose to work with the biontech project for a new coronary vaccine and, at a price of $31.63/stock, to purchase an additional stock of 1580777 from the biontech.
348.68 US$ and the historical increase in the price of bntx per share in the respiratory medicine has reached an estimated 1002.37%. The epidemic has intensified and the need for new crown vaccines has continued. Kupta has been included in the Hong Kong and Australasia government ' s vaccination programme, which, as at 20 August, had accumulated 4.34 million doses and 87,000 doses, respectively, in two locations during the reporting period.
At the same time, the company has signed a 15 million-dose sales agreement with a number of Taiwan producers, which is expected to continue to contribute.
Security has been validated by hundreds of millions of doses of global data, while the mixed use of different technical pathways for vaccines has been found in the literature on the overseas species (bnt162b2).
We maintain our earlier profit projections, which forecast net profits for companies in 2021-2023 at $4,473 million, respectively, underdevelopment, regulatory policy risks, product quality abnormal risks, and risk of worsening the epidemic.
Medical biology: biological products