Respiratory Medicine Comprehensive layout innovation is expected to get the first signature of the Mrna vaccine in the country's company announcement that the company's first car-t-cell therapy has been approved in the country.
On May 9th, the company announced that its subsidiaries had re-established a joint venture between the Star pharmaceutical industry and the Biontech company to localize and commercialize the product of the mrna new crown vaccine.
In January 2021, the vaccine's domestic clinical trials were completed, resulting in a second inoculation for all subjects.
On that day, Nmpa approved a listing application for Qatar for the treatment of relapsing large b-cell lymphoma.
Orr reached 79.2% in the experiments on cellular lymphoma, which is highly similar to the clinical and real world of Yescarta. The global sales of Yescarta were about $607 million in 2020, an increase of 33% over the same period.
Continued investment in new medicines, with R & D costs stabilized at around 10%, is gradually approaching the level of international pharmaceutical giants. Many products, such as Adam wood mono-resistance, curvature bead resistance, and car-t-cell therapy, have net debt ratios (%) (2021e)
By the end of 2020, the company had been working on 56 innovative pharmaceutical projects to provide a strategic reserve for long-term development.
Based on the market price collected on 1 July 2021, R & D is not as fast as expected, regulatory approval is not as fast as expected, and the risk of a worsening epidemic is high.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Corporation, Inc.
In 2020, the company achieved business income of $30.307 billion, an increase of 6.02 per cent compared to the previous year; the mother ' s net profit of $3.663 billion, an increase of 10.27 per cent compared to the first quarter of 2021.
On 9 May, the company announced that its subsidiary had established a joint venture with the pharmaceutical industry to realize the original product of the mrna vaccine.
In accordance with the Supply Agreement, if the product is supplied with a new crown of vaccines, the pharmaceutical industry shares the year with the Biontech ratio of 65% to 35%.
Marketing of Māori; if supplied in large packaging formulations, the restar pharmaceutical industry (or its associated companies), biontech shares 60% and 40% of annual Māori sales. bnt162b2mrna vaccine is known as Hupta. In January 2021, the vaccine country’s clinical trial ii completed the vaccination of all subjects.
As of 30 June 2021, Hong Kong had received 2.154.082 doses of the vaccine.
The first quarter of 2021 reported a net cash flow of about 737 million yuan from the company's operations, a major increase of 92.62 per cent over the same year, owing to the receipt of the first instalment of the mrna vaccine from the Governments of Hong Kong, China, and Macao, China, and the net contribution of the related procurement expenditure and the cost of the R & D sales.
On June 23, 2021, Nmpa was approved for listing as the country’s first approved car-t cell product. Qaeda was transferred from the technology of Quild’s scientific control company, Kitepharma.
Domesticly approved adaptive disorders are re-emerging or curable large b-cell lymphoma after second-line treatment and above. The rehabilitation of Kate reached 79.2% orr in the difficult treatment of large b-cell lymphoma for Chinese patients, with a total mitigation rate (cr) of 51% and a partial mitigation rate (pr) of 21%. It is highly similar to the clinical and real world data for Yescarta.
Global sales in 2020 amounted to some US$ 607 million, a 33 per cent increase over the same period. In the first quarter of 2021, sales in Yescarta rose further to US$ 160 million.
Many products, such as Adawood mono-resistant, tradole-resistant, and car-t-cell therapy, have been marketed as new growth points for companies. In 2019, Han Litochon was marketed for the treatment of non-Hoochkin lymphoma, and for new treatments; lymphoma with lymphoma with lymphoma with lymphoma with lymphoma without previous treatment or relapsive/problematic chronic lymphocytes; sales were created throughout 2020.
In August 2020, Han Kuyo was approved for treatment of her2 positive transient breast cancer, her2 positive early breast cancer, her2 positive transferal gland cancer, or adrenaline cancer of the gastric duct. In July 2020, Han Koo won.
The Alliance Committee (ec) approved the listing. In 2020, Sukoshin (acetic aphrodisiac) contributed 140 million yuan in sales revenue.
The company's continued investment in innovative medicines, the cost of research and development has stabilized at around 10%, and is moving closer to the level of the international pharmaceutical giants. Of these, 18 are self-researching small molecular innovations (8 in the clinical phase), and 25 are self-researching bio-innovative drugs (15 in the clinical phase), and so on.
There are possibilities for research and development. Regulatory approvals are not as fast as expected: listing and approval are influenced by policies and epidemics.
The risk of worsening the epidemic: if the epidemic continues to deteriorate and the rate of mutation of the virus accelerates, it could lead to a decline in vaccine efficiency. It also has an impact on the marketing of other company products.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)