Resurveillance Medicines (600196) 2021 semi-annual review: Performance meets expectations and innovation and development continues.
Industry Classification: Pharmaceutical biology Pharmaceutical products are traded for prices and medical equipment operations have increased steadily. Corporate pharmaceutical operations have generated real operating income of $12,248 million during the reporting period, an increase of 22.33 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate is 58.30 per cent, a decrease from the same period last year.
4.20 percentage points less. Medical instruments and diagnostics generated business income of $2.83 billion, an increase of 1.18 percentage points. During the reporting period, non-buzz and pyrotechnics were selected in the company’s pharmaceutical business, sales prices fell, and Māori was pressured but earnings increased.
The rapid growth of pharmaceutical products, such as the so-called anti-injection fluids, the injection of curded beads, the gradual opening of the international distribution network of companies, the steady growth of the medical equipment business, which drove the firm’s overall performance up rapidly, the high growth in research and development costs and the progress of clinical trials for new crown vaccines.
The cost is 156,188,500 yuan, an increase of 29.68% over the same period. The company is currently working on 240 pharmaceutical projects, 72 of which are innovative drugs and 12 projects are entering the clinical phase of the iii. During the reporting period, the Aquilenza fluid of the joint venture was marketed in China.
With regard to the progress of the new vaccine, the company is well on the way to the new mrna vaccine, which has been authorized by the Biontech, and signed 15 million doses of the vaccine sales agreement with the power builder, Honghai, the Young-age Foundation and the Tzu Chi Foundation in July. The company is now working on more projects and will be working on them in the future or gradually.
As the clinical test of mrna’s new crown vaccine moves forward, it is expected that the company’s performance will increase when it is successfully marketed in the future. Equity incentives lock down core talent.
The company is expected to use this equity incentive scheme to upgrade its core core, its core motivation and team cohesion, fully bind its core members ' interests, lock in high-quality technology, its managers, and further enhance its core competitiveness and its market influence.
The restar medicine is the country's leading pharmaceutical research and development company, and the stock market is at risk of entering the market with caution.