23-year-old & 24-year-old Quarterly Review: Profit Sun Power (300274.sz)
Reverser + power station + storage energy operations contributed the most. We measured 23 years of photovoltaic reversals, which directly boosted performance. Twenty-three years of operations, companies increased 130gw by the same 69%, freight charges, reduced raw materials and high exchange rate hedge prices slightly, and the Māori rate rose by 6 pcts.
As many as 39 per cent; storage of 10.5gw, mainly domestic, with high overseas prices, particularly in North America; market progressing well, with Māori rising by 14.3 pcts to 38 per cent; power station discharges falling in the second half of the year, benefiting from components, construction, etc., and Māori rising by 5 pets to 16 per cent.
In the same quarter, the overall Māori rate continued to rise to an all-time high of 36.7%, with a ring ratio of +8.7 pcts/+8.0 pcts. The market + R & D continues to thrive with the negative scale effect of the contract at the end of 24q1.
The 23-year decline in the company ' s four rates ranged from 0.6 pcts to 11.8 per cent in the quarter: companies continued to increase their market inputs, with 24q1 sales rates equal to the ring average +1.8 pcts to 8.9 per cent, a global network of marketing, channels and services has been formed, with clear pre-existing advantages in such channels as Europe and the United States and Australia.
At the same time, companies insist on technological innovation, with 24q1 R & D rates ranging from +2.5 to 5.2%, and companies have successfully joined up with a high-pressure converter in the direct stream of 2000v. Last year, the first 10mwh full liquid cold energy storage system in the world was released, Poweritan 2.0, and technology has been gaining brand power.
R & D lifts the 24q1iv rate by 5.8 pcts to 17%. Profit is still bright after impairment. 23 years of corporate asset/credit impairment loss of $1.30 billion Investment proposal: company is a global photovoltaic reverse transformer, light storage business flourishes and accumulates.
In the field of new power-driven motor systems, intelligent carriers, hydrogen energy, etc., the company brand advantage 1 and the company rating of the new Galactic Power Generations, it's clear that research and development are innovative, global marketing, channels and service network layouts are leading and taking shape.
(300274) The press report concluded in 2023 with an advance assessment of the increase in the expected excess of revenue. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The group won 5th of the new wealth in 2013, the 5th of the Crystal Ball Award, and the 6th of the new wealth in 2012. The Arizona state head office and Beijing branch in the United States of America served as a customer director for financial counselling (ir) and marketing. This report is provided to its clients by China Galaxy Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a guest for recipients to receive this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact with the sales department or customer manager of the Galaxy securities agency, complete an investor-appropriate matching and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All the elements contained in this report are provided to the customer for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to the customer, and are not intended to be a sale, offer securities or other financial worker.
Fair, but it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.