Sunshine Power 2023 and 2024 Quarters report a steady increase in performance, a solid position, a rapid increase in the inverter's output, and a large array of 2,000v system innovations are expected to continue to strengthen the ground.
In 2023, the reverse transformer earned $27.65 billion, or +61% of the year. A year-round shipment of 130gw, an increase of 68.8% over the year-on-year export of 77gw in 2022, with a strong leader position. The year-on-year Māori ratio of 37.9% and +5.5 pt, is dominated by company brand premiums, product innovation, and size.
Total market value/flow effects (millions of yuan) and the impact of lower freight costs and exchange rate gains. Companies are continuously promoting innovation in research and development, with high-power groups of inverters sg 320hx, 1+x modularized reverses
The transformer is widely and deeply used in a variety of global contexts, with 1+x modularized inverters, which have accumulated over 45gw worldwide by the end of December 2023. The direct stream 2000v high-pressure inverters has been successful in generating grid-connected electricity at the Mondo Bay Photovoltaic Project in the Marlin.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from overseas high-value market elasticity: hydrogen “all-power” integrator >--2022-08-27.
The annual Sunshine Power Report (300274) and the quarterly report are the first Chinese companies to deliver goods for eight consecutive years. The annual Māori rate was 37.47%, a significant increase in the same year.
14.2 pct, which is expected to be off-shore, scale effects, and efficiency gains. During the reporting period, the company ' s first 10-mwh full-liquid cold-energy system was released and business cold-water < < Sunshine (300274) annual reviews were conducted.
With systematic access to the world for large terrestrial applications overseas, a photovoltaic reverse transformer with a “three-power mix” continues to lead, storage of power operations at a speed of 2 per cent liquid cold energy storage system, beneficiary industries continue to expand and corporate leadership is expected.
Growth >--2019-04-02 2024 is expected to continue to increase the output of the company's energy storage system.
In 2023, the company ' s new energy power plant development operations generated revenues of $24.7 billion, or +113 per cent. Deep-deep farming. In the field of household photovoltaics, business photovoltaics, storage power plants, centralized photovoltaics and wind power plant development, innovation.
Profit forecasts and valuations: companies as global leaders in the light-storage industry, deep-seated domestic markets, and significant advantages in overseas inverters-storage operations, are expected to fully benefit from a sustained increase in demand.
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report