A new business structure will create a fast-delivering eco-circle, a strategic re-engineering, and a new business structure will create a fast-delivering eco-circle: a circular a net will be recommenced, a circular b net fast, a circular c net heavy load, a circular cold chain and a circular aviation; five main operating boards will be re-combined.
They are independent, and they work together to provide integrated and integrated logistics services to their clients, while buying ahead of international attempts to break through the international market. Design a brand-new image and release strategic targets for the creation of the Express Ecology.
The focus of competition is from “quantity” to “quality,” and strategic re-engineering: the surge in courier market operations in 2017, the rapid drop in cliffs, and the limitation of delivery firms’ booster bottlenecks from the rate of expansion of production to the quality of services.
1. " Growing up in revenue, investment returns contribute to the transfer of profits; and after a high period of development, corporate governance issues were highlighted, leading to low growth in the first half of 2017, after which a series of adjustments were made in line with market changes for the future of the city. "
(a) Attaining competitive advantages in competition: (1) Affiliation of services, stabilization of networks; (2) a focus on information-based construction, enhancing the efficiency of network operations; and (3) a shift in focus from the income to the cost-side, enhancing profitability.
After the year ' s accelerated expansion, the level of mechanical automation was lower than that of other comparable companies, with fewer vehicles per vehicle, limiting the decrease in unit costs, but it improved through the purchase of automation equipment and own vehicles, the growth of productive capacity during maturity periods, the increase in capacity utilization and profitability.
After the management issues were highlighted in 2017, the company made strategic adjustments and reorganized its business structure into abc net plus cold chain, five air sections, and built a fast-delivered eco-circle. The company’s pre-automated mechanical water level and cost improvement space were low; and 2015-16 was an expansion period and was on the verge of becoming productive.
The electricity market is growing faster than expected, with large price wars and unstable conglomerates. Business plates, brand-new image-building express-carrying rings – a round-teleport launch in Shanghai on 7 January 2018.
The ambition is no longer a complete expression of the business layout and management of the company, and the diversification of the business requires a new branding system that creates a brand awareness for the client, conveys a brand war on the company's second business, and the branding system conveys the complete composition of the business to the client, allowing the market to understand the circle clearly.
It's now being built. After combing it, the five business plates float out of the water, corresponding to a new symbol, including the Circus a net, the Circulation b net speed, the Circulation c net heavy cargo, the Circulation Cold Chain, and the Circulation Air. The five operational plates are independent, and they work together as guests.
Households provide integrated and integrated logistics services, while buying ahead of international attempts to break through the international market. Design a brand-new image that unleashes the strategic goal of creating the Express Ecoosphere.
A web-based fast-growing “volume” is more “qualityful,” flat-level management avoids a repetition of the past, while traditional courier operations remain a priority after rounding up the business plate. In 2015 and 2016, the company grew at a fast pace, with a high market share, but with a focus on increasing the volume of business.
The company accumulated a number of management problems, which erupted in the first half of 2017, resulting in a clear business growth rate of 2.26 billion couriers completed in the first half of 2017, representing an increase of 19.1 per cent compared to the previous year, with the city taking over the first half of the year.
It's a significant decline, affecting the company's market position. Questioning the problems of rounding 2017h1, we believe that there is lax control over allocating the benefits to allieds, which results in deviations in the distribution of benefits to allieds, which leads to poor performance and the emergence of points of contact.
In the second half of 2017, the circular conveyor strategy was slightly adjusted, starting to refocus on the alliance.
Business relations continue to be managed in an even-handed manner, with a focus ranging from a system of rewards and sanctions for allieds to the provision of services to allieds, such as management, support for allieds on the int and collating of the price system, which has allowed the growth of traditional courier operations to begin to warm up in the second half of 2017.
After this business block was combed, it was clarified that a web-based fast economics delivery was the cornerstone. The company ' s average effective appeal rate was 6.7 million in 2017, which is 4.6 million fewer than in the same period in 2016, down by 2,593 allies, 37,713 terminals, and the Express services network covers 31 provinces throughout the country.
In the municipalities and municipalities directly under the Central Government, which have achieved almost full coverage at the territorial level and above, and after the fall in the city ' s share in the first half of 2017, companies have also begun to adapt their business strategies, with new demands on the quality of development in view of the expansion of their operations.
The company shifted its focus to the cost end, reducing its operating costs by increasing the proportion of self-employed vehicles, with the former company owning only about 700 vehicles and planning to invest 1,000 self-owned vehicles in 2018 to lower the cost of labour through technological innovation and automation at the same time.
Subsidization will contribute to the stability and motivation of the conglomerates and to the stability of the network ' s operations.
The network will be fully operational. In contrast to the circular a network, which operates in the traditional express delivery business, the network is built on a full-size straight-line model, is completely independent of the current network, recruits independent recipients, uses an independent medium-heart massing and transportation system.
Within 3km, i.e. delivery on demand, within 2 hours; in the same city, in the morning, in the afternoon; and in the provinces, in the morning, in the morning. For immediate distribution, o2o distribution, and warehousing distribution.
For products, a high-frequency urban distribution system has been set up, and the circular commitment to such products has been time-barred, exceeded, and fully refunded.b The products launched by the network are “just-in-time” and have been laid northwards, Hangzhou, Chengdu, six first-line cities, and are already located in Taizhou, Yangzhou, Kanhua, Wenzhou, Nanchang, Changsha, Guiyang, Taiyang.
In addition, it needs to be noted that since network B needs to be fully re-connected, with a higher level of forward investment and a greater current impact on listed companies, the network is now responsible for the operation of network B by affiliated companies in Shanghai.
The Shanghai Tzu Tzu Shanghai and Takubuchi shareholders were entrusted with the management of 100% of the combined Shanghai Tzu Tzu Shanghai shares and concluded a Framework Agreement on Daily Linkage Transactions with which Shanghai Tzu is engaged in high-quality express delivery market operations by leasing round-trip delivery of various sites, equipment and sorting and distribution services.
It is expected that, during the pre-investment phase, the B-net operation will remain out of the company on the market, and that the realization of the surplus and the growth rate of traditional power suppliers will be an important factor in the growth of the network. In 2017, there was a marked decline in the revenue of the country’s excess Express operations, which was only in 2017.
24.7 per cent, but the revenue from the Constabulary Express operation, which is an integral part of it, is significantly higher than the total Express operation, which reached 30.3 per cent in 2017, and is expected to maintain a high rate of growth associated with the cosmodrome O2o, commercial super-distribution, flower distribution, etc.
In addition, the growth rate of traditional power suppliers has begun to decline. According to Irey's consulting projections, electronic access to the congregation market early from 2017 to 2019, looking for new growth points for companies.c The network is geared towards fast-moving heavy goods, building capacity for integrated logistics services.
Since March 2017, the Netc network has been officially launched, moving into the field of heavy shipments. Although, as a result of the rush to expand a business map, attempts have been made to start the network by means of acquisitions to develop integrated logistics capacity in the shortest possible time, capital for time, but the acquisitions have ultimately failed to take place, eventually using self-initiated networks, and
It is not a separate subsidiary, but a common network of express and express shipments.  similar to express operations, the round Express takes the form of a central battalion plus a network. The original express operation itself is still based on land transportation, so express operations are self-initiated and run with express delivery operations.
Public networks, express delivery points only need to purchase equipment such as large-capacity trucks and forklifts, and to divide the fast-moving areas, where route planning, single channels and passenger service can follow the original express service resources. We believe that, in the current cost-oriented environment in the express delivery industry, the fast-carrying industry has been set up using a “combined” approach.
We can improve resource efficiency and lower cost inputs. But with the increase in heavy loads, the “disconnection” model is either a long-term one, because the delivery of couriers and express shipments varies considerably in both the tool and the sorting model, and the “sub-network” is more suited to the operation.
Since it is difficult for the conglomerates to be sure about the timeliness of the prescription product and to be more stable in terms of the number of kilograms, the rounded product is split in the form of a kilogram, without any specific commitment to enter the fast-carrying industry, except for the express-carrying industry at a slower rate.
One reason is that the market is large and there are no big players. The zero-load market is more than a trillion, far larger than the fast-delivering market of about 400 billion, but there are many fast-delivering terminal service providers, only less than 3 per cent of the total, and the express-delivering industry has reached 80 per cent of the total.
▪ Moreover, the current market for fast shipments is highly competitive and, for round traffic, fast forward operations are not profitable, but rather are aimed at building the capacity of integrated logistics services. The logistics needs of a large number of customers extend to multiple types of goods, in particular the penetration of large power suppliers.
With a high potential of more than 30% by 2020, express delivery companies, with the help of the original power source, may be able to form a new growth point.  We believe that the current timing in the area of round-traff forward movement is more appropriate, in terms of clearing and express delivery operations.
Different strategic roles and how to conduct fast-moving operations help to build integrated logistics capacity, rich products, companies reduce business risks and exploit performance potential.
▪ In the face of the demand for one-stop logistics solutions for logistics firms, cold transport becomes an area in which future couriers must enter, while precision in timeliness is an area in which couriers cannot avoid long-term development by introducing circular cold transport in 2017.
The “Six Service Standards” create a one-stop cold chain distribution service system and fully integrate round-to-ground, warehousing resources, taking advantage of the research and development advantages of the National Engineering Laboratory, to provide clients with an efficient and intelligent whole course.
- Cold-chain storage services, round transportation - b2b with the city's cool transport and round with the city's low-temperature housing - b2c with the city's low-temperature housing.  We're now moving cold, with a much larger space and a low concentration of industry.
High, the cold transport industry is growing rapidly, with a 35 per cent increase in the combined storage capacity of cold banks in 2008-2015, and a 22.5 billion yuan cold-chain logistics market in 2016, which is expected to reach $470 billion in 2017. Food is the main target for cold-chain logistics, with a cold-chain flow of agricultural products and water products.
In terms of circulation rates, in 2015, the cold chain circulation rate for vegetables, meat and water products was only 22 per cent, 34 per cent and 41 per cent, respectively, compared with 95 per cent to 98 per cent in developed countries in Europe and the United States, and 100 per cent for meat and poultry, and there is still much room for improvement in the country ' s cold chain logistics market in the future.
The cold-chain logistics industry is characterized by high client demand and low entry thresholds, but, if it is to produce economies of scale, significant forward investment has led to a very low concentration of cold-chain markets. In 2015, the 100-Power cold-chain logistics industry generated a total revenue of $17.3 billion, representing only 10 per cent of the country’s total cold-chain income, and the market pattern was highly fragmented.
With regard to aviation, in October 2015, the cruise fleet officially opened a shipping camp, becoming the second post-soon air carrier to operate air transport operations with a b737 cargo aircraft as the initial aircraft, with a current fleet of 11. We believe that, in order to be more effective, the couriers divide the delivery product into multiple layers.
Sub-services are essential for self-purchase of aircraft. The purchase of passenger/airway abdominal resources is too restrictive at the moment of the flight by the provider and limited abdominal capacity, which is not efficient in terms of the speedier timeliness. So self-purchase of aircraft is a necessary route for express delivery companies to use efficient air transport.
When the effects are felt, the efficiency provided by air transport will help companies to emerge from the traditional courier companies, which, on the other hand, require huge forward capital expenditure and operating costs to buy their own aircraft, which are all of the things that change the focus to cost-end circulars that do not want to transition. And the country’s large airports are resource-scarce at all times.
Express delivery companies may be faced with a lack of time to operate once the aircraft has been introduced. So we believe that circular traffic will temporarily control the size of the fleet and optimize its structure to reduce the negative impact of aviation on profit schedules.
With the catalyzing of cross-border power suppliers, couriers are an indispensable piece of puzzle for the formation of a complete eco-circle. As early as 2008, Heung Fung began to expand international operations, working with local regional power-correspondent platforms, and in 2017 he achieved smooth international operating revenues.
Two hundred and forty million yuan. In 2017, by means of an acquisition, international operations were substantially advanced.  On 3 November 2017, circular circulars were issued in which shares were handed over to the parties to the sale of Hong Kong's listed company, International Logistics Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter “Kinda International”).
After the completion of the delivery, the circular delivery holds an international stake of 61.75 per cent, which we believe will be the first to integrate into the international community, building an international framework of networks based on the international backbone and steadily expanding the map to the global level.
Major international revenue comes from air and sea freight forwarding operations and provides warehousing, distribution, customs clearance, contracts and supporting logistics services through the establishment of 51 offices on a global scale to carry out international logistics, owing to inadequate air and maritime transport requirements in 2016, overpositioning and a lack of traditional freight forwarding operations.
The world has had a difficult year. But, thanks to the overall rise in US express demand in 2017, the recovery of the European market and the increase in the demand for care packages across borders, the first half of 2017 was HK$1,561 million in internationally earned operating revenue, an increase of 24.5%.
During the same period, a loss of HK$101 million was transferred to a profit of HK$20 million.  In the face of the boom in e-commerce and cross-border power suppliers, the international community began to shift its focus towards small parcels and to seek delivery machines for foreign power suppliers’ products.
Seeking cooperation with postal offices in Eastern Europe and the United States, among others, and increasing reliance on science and technology infrastructure to optimize response chain management, warehousing management, and extension of services. When this acquisition is completed, the Circle will have the full capacity for international courier operations and its own well-developed domestic capacity.
Network coverage and rich client resources allow for effective interface with the international transition towards a win-win scenario that provides a solid basis for the integration of the round as the global leader of integrated courier logistics operators and supply chains.
• Summary: In order to create a complete express-transit eco-circle, develop integrated logistics capabilities, recombinant circulars, form a web-based fast, b-net fast, c-net heavy cargo fast, c-c-c-link and c-c-c-c-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S.
With the shift to the cost end, new business developments are expected to move forward steadily.
The express delivery industry has a relatively large size advantage, and during the rapid growth of the express delivery industry, “volume” is the core of the firm's competition: production capacity is the main bottleneck that limits the ability of the express delivery company to access business. We observe that the overall industry grew at a rate of nearly 50% between 2008 and 2017.
By 2015, a round-up of capital spending was carried out, with investments in fixed assets, intangibles, and so on, amounting to about $1 billion a year, and only $500 million for the same period. On the size of fixed assets, the figure reached 1.2 billion in 2015, well over the $500 million and $1 billion.
However, after entering 2017, the growth rate of the industry declined, leading to the emergence of management problems that were overlooked in the rapid development process. In the first half of 2017, circular traffic grew by only 19 per cent per year, well below industry averages, mainly as a result of the early year’s node event.
In enterprises with a low rate of complaints, the volume of business has increased considerably. Since 2016, the rate has been lower in the industry, but after the nodal incident of early 2017, the rate of complaints has increased and only recovered in the second quarter of 2017.
We can’t get a direct correlation between the rate of complaints and the change in business volume, but we can see that in the first half of 2017, the rate of growth in the amount of Skinda business is far ahead, while the level of appeal is high, round and open, and business.
The rate of growth is lower than the average rate of growth in the industry. So, in a situation where the rate of growth in the industry has slowed and the unit price in the industry is at the bottom, the bottlenecks in the pace of business growth arise from competition in the quality of services, and firms with better quality of services have access to more business inflows.
As industry changes and its own management issues become apparent, the circle has been gradually starting to evolve since 2017, bringing services to allys, bringing the interests of allied firms together, stabilizing the network. The conglomerates provide the last kilometre of couriers to serve their clients directly, so it's decided not only that they will be able to do so, but also that they will be able to do so.
The quality of services provided by couriers also affects the consumer’s service experience. So stability and the quality of the company’s operations are of great importance to the company.
In 2017, companies began to draw personnel from the four sectors of manpower, IT, finance and network management to set up a network service to help the network to manage it in an integrated manner, with a service orientation of i, finance leasing and so on.
It can effectively enhance the efficiency of the entire network: the company has developed a liner app that can respond quickly to client service needs, and the courier can use this software to print, map navigation, sign-off instant queries, etc.
Corresponding to corporate management, the company has developed a system -- the company’s core business system -- with basic features such as loop information entry, information uploading, clearing, and querying. The company will launch an updated version of the system this year, moving the settlement to each node level.
In addition to the gradual optimization and refinement of the system, the company is now pushing for information system coverage across the network, such as for outsourced vehicles, and for allies. The focus has shifted to the cost side.
Companies have been paying more attention to the income end and to the growth of courier operations over the past few years. But at this stage, companies have not benefited from a single increase in the level of Maori, which is evident in the scale effect;
Increased subsidies to allieds; (2) system cost efficiency is not being effectively enhanced, capital is being spent for years, most of the capacity is in the culture stage and capacity is underutilized. But because of the market ' s high pace of development at the time, companies or markets have a sufficient amount of business for later periods.
With confidence in achieving high capacity utilization and scale effects, current revenues and profits fully benefit from the business dividend: but cost control has been at the core of the competition for couriers since the collapse of market operations in 2017: years after the market price war, unit income has been in place.
At the lower end of the spectrum, couriers are in a position of micro-interest, and firms with lower unit costs have a leading advantage and a greater profitability in the follow-up ongoing war. Companies will now focus on cost optimization and quality.
The company is characterized by a large transit centre and a large number of fixed assets in view of the low level of mechanization and the greatest cost improvement.... However, the rate of mechanization is low and the number of vehicles available is low. In terms of per capita efficiency figures, it is also in 2016.
We analyze that the problem of the company ' s relatively less mechanized nature in 2014 is that the company started to expand its size, but the expansion was focused on volume, but the increase in mechanical and transport equipment was very high.
Few, most of the work is done manually. From the cost of a single transfer to a company, as the size of the three Express companies expands, the cost of a single transfer is declining, but the rate of a slower decline in the circle is the highest single transfer cost unit in 2015-2016, ultimately leading to the lowest single Māori.
But it is also the company that has the most room for improvement in its single cost: it has about 70 trans-shipment centres, seven of which have automated equipment, and 31-33 are expected to be self-motivated by the end of this year, with approximately 60 per cent of the volume available for automated equipment, which can lead to significant savings in labour costs, and
With the relatively short consummation period of one to two months for inputs for mechanical equipment, the cost of the vehicle fleet for the entire year is relatively small, with the unit cost down by about 20 per cent.
A few years of capital spending focused on houses and buildings, and it can be analysed that capital spending in those two years was of a nature to build transit centres and expand capacity. The expansion of capacity continued in 2017, and we saw about 630 million in construction work in progress reported in mid-2017.
The dollar, which is almost equal to that of 2016, is double the number of projects in progress in 2015; 28 projects in the list are still larger than the number of 1 projects in the form of 15 offers; however, in terms of progress of work, more than one and a half projects in late 2017 are nearing completion.
As can be seen from the 2018 capital expenditure plan, companies will start to focus on capital spending in the future, expanding and balancing capacity upgrading: half of the company's capital spending will be on mechanical automation and purchase of its own vehicles, for which the main effort is to replace capacity with mechanized equipment.
As a result of the relatively short nurturing period, this component has less impact on companies because of the replacement of outsourced vehicles by manual and self-owned vehicles. In the construction of the transit centre, the last wave of additional transit centres was concentrated in 2016-2017, and the centre is still in the process of cultivation, with capacity utilization reaching maturity in 2018 and entering a profit-making model.
For the land to be acquired in 2018, the construction cycle of 1-2 years will not affect the short-term profitability of the company. The revenue end of the company consists of face-only fees, transit fees, dispatch fees, and others.
With the spread of electronic sheets and the decline in transit costs and the downward trend in the revenue from Express operations over the years, we assume that the unit allocation fee is $1.5 per unit, and that, as the middle-to-central component runs off, the company unit + transit should be more accessible and rounded up.
In the second half of the year, the transfer + single income continued to float at the same time and the ring at the same time; in our view, it was linked to the continued spread of electronic sheets, the high share of electrical goods in the second half of the year, and the increase in the share of small items.
In order to balance the profits of the conglomerates’ nodes, the allocation fee has increased slightly, reaching an average of $1.45 per unit per year. As electronic monopolymer penetration has matured, the rate of decline in units has slowed.
However, the overall average income per year was equal to or equal to the reported data, reaching $3.63 per unit.
Based on past experience, transport costs account for about 50% of transit costs, while central operating costs and network transit expenditures each account for 25% of transit costs. By the end of 18 years, about half of the company’s transit centres will have been automated, its own vehicles will be turned over, and the electricity suppliers will be increasing at a slower rate than expected.
(b) Large-scale price wars. Express bill revenues are still low, and there is homogeneity in the services provided by couriers, which does not preclude price win-offs among couriers and lower levels of profitability in the industry;
The Federación Portfolio is unstable. If the Federación company mismanaged the Federación, there is a resurgence of the Federación Network, the suspension of operations, the explosion of warehouses, etc., will cause great harm to the operations of the Express Company.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment