Yunnan White (000538).
The company has developed as a result of the development of traditional Chinese pharmaceutical companies: the company has recently published a draft Staff Holding Plan (draft) and an incentive fund management scheme (draft).
The company’s core product is the Yunnan Pharmacy Series, Yunnan Pharmacy, and this employee’s shareholding program.
The incentive fund (draft): The incentive fund is to remove short-term stock price repression and move the backbone of the workforce. The company announced on November 2, 2018 that it was proposed to buy back no more than 20 million shares at a cost not exceeding $76.34/unit.
In addition, 13 senior managers were involved in the plan, with the company repurchased 3.301 million shares, or 0.26% of the company’s total stock holdings.
The total number of subscriptions was 16.9 per cent; the total number of other employees involved was 472 and the total number of subscriptions was 83.10 per cent, with a wide range of incentives.
The Incentive Fund scheme is an update and supplement to the previous scheme. Incentives fund accounts for 70% of directors and executives, 30% of other employees.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Yunnan Pharmacy (000538), employee holding schemes plus incentive funds parallel to improving long-term incentives.
Table 1: Elements and timing of employee holding schemes Table 2: System of remuneration of core personnel such as company directors  Incentive fund = (net profit of the company for the current year - net profit for the previous year) x 15%
* Personal distribution factor = position factor x annual performance factor x time factor * Personal distribution as fund pool * Personal distribution: combined with completion of business indicators and personal performance
* Fixed remuneration = standard fixed salary x job factor
Standard fixed salary set at $1.8 million (pre-tax) Time coefficient = number of months in service in the whole year / 12 (short-term incentive and incentive fund)
Less than 90% of the year's plans were cancelled, and the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East was to be used for such matters as future directors-general and new projects, stock build-ups in listed companies, equity incentives, or employee fund-raising. Incentives schemes were perfected.
The high pay + short-term + long-term three-level pay system, which combines corporate interests, shareholder interests, and core personnel interests over a long period of time, helps to optimize the institutional structure of long-term business management and fosters internal growth in support of long-term development. The company’s original shareholders’ white-drug holdings reformed their mixed ownership in 2017. With the completion of the mix-up, the Department completed the integration of the combined white-drugs holdings in June 2019.
According to the mid-2019 report, a merger of companies holding money and traded financial assets has accumulated $20,786 million, providing strong support for companies to expand their product structure and production chains, and to build new performance growth points. On this basis, the recent high-level pay and appraisal reform, as well as the employee-equity scheme, have also taken a step forward in activating the company.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: White drugs are brands with centuries-old national deposits and have been upgraded to be competitive through successful cross-border development. This is more likely to help optimize institutional mechanisms, strengthen the business base, promote extended M&As, and start a new round of growth. We expect companies to generate 293.58 in 2019, 2020, 2021, and the East’s financial and intellectual boom.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Yunnan White Pharmacy (000538), employee holding schemes plus incentive funds in parallel, to improve long-term incentives, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
A nine-year experience in securities medicine and medicine, where you have been a core member of the new wealth team.
It covers the Chinese medicine field. The researcher's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Yunnan Pharmacy (000538). The Stakeholder Scheme plus the Incentives Fund, parallel, improves long-term incentives and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.