chc is growing steadily, and Quan Pharmacy integration is expected to empower Xu Yu XIX [000999.sz] 15 yuan (including taxes) to increase the capital pool by 3 shares per 10 shares for all shareholders, with a total cash share of red.
The high base of chc operations is growing steadily and the cost rate control is stable. According to the company announcement, in the fourth quarter of 2023 \triangleright, the company achieved $6.31 billion (year-on-year + 2.72%) in net return profits.
Of these, 11,707 million (+2.83%) were received for self-diagnosis (chc) operations, 5.220 billion (-12.64%) for prescription drugs operations, and $4,087 million for distribution of generic drugs (Quan Pharmacy).
Rates, management rates have risen slightly over the same period, financial rates and R & D rates have declined slightly, brand otc continues to work and improve business effectiveness. 2023, brand \triangleright, corporate \triangleright
The business of otc has grown better, the digestive effects of slow operations have been growing steadily, professional brands have declined slightly due to the adaptation of generic drug sizes. In brand otc business, there is a strong brand image, products such as 999 flu, 999 antiviral oral fluids, 999 small firewood particles, etc.
To achieve rapid growth. With regard to the rehabilitation of the slow-disease business, further upgrades were made to the acetylene blood cloton 37 soft capsule quality technology, building evidence-based evidence through several research projects. With regard to the professional branding business, building bridges with consumers through branding systems.
On the other hand, in 2023, the company published several high-level sci research papers around the core of the pharmaceutical product's references to radiation and bone-painting.
A guide to the bed. A new set of guidelines, expert consensus, for example, has been established for products such as radials, platinums, osteoporin, and schizophrenia. Re-entering the National Health Care Directory to achieve rapid release: the country’s top five-generation cerebral cerebral bacterium injection is officially commercialized.
In terms of medicine, the country’s policy and market environment have been actively overcome, and efforts have been made to win the new cycle. In the area of drug cultivation in China, companies have continued to expand the construction of a regulatory base for pharmaceutical products and to create a resource advantage for them from the source.
In 2023, the company achieved the cindasecuritiesco., ltd.
Operating income of $7,703 million was reduced by 6.99 per cent in comparison with the first building of the 9th House of the City's Front Street in Beijing, due to the optimization of the business structure of the commercial sector and the reduction of foreign aid operations. Quan Pharmacy Group product structure continued to be optimized, and multiple initiatives promoted the reduction of efficiency gains.
Realization of the net return to the mother is 445 million yuan (plus 16.05 per cent of the same year). The group focuses on the areas of slow disease management and old-age health, further digging into the academic value of the tri-seven industrial chain to meet the multi-layered needs of the silverware population. It relies on “kpc 1951”, “777,” and “Kun-China medicine 1381”
Three major departments, with steady growth in brand values and product matrices. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect \triangleright to be collected in \triangleright in 3924-2026.
Risk factors: Market and policy risks, innovation risks in R & D, integration risks in M & A, raw material prices \triangleright Market Commissioner, excellent background in pharmaceutical chemistry and experience in operating the pharmaceutical market, formerly employed in the wider world
He was a member of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro at ppccca and paraexel, and joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 for research in the cxo industry. He joined the Sinda Securities in December for research in scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine.
In April 2022, he joined the Sunda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on Chinese medicine and bioproducts, and in April 2022 he was a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from the Shanghai Transport University, and a master's degree in information management from the Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities practice, and in 2022 he joined the Sunda Portfolio, which was responsible for medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine,
Cao Jialine, team member, Master of Quantities in Economics of the Rimnan College, Nakayama University, two years of research experience in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, joined the Sindam securities in 2023, in charge of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc.
Zhang Jong-tao, team member, Master of International Investment Finance, University of South China, 1 year of research in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, cpa (specialized in industry), formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, joined the Sinda securities in 2023, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical commerce and pharmaceuticals.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.