Chinese San-Yun San-Yun (000999), pharmaceutical biology, year-round performance meets expectations, and the integration of Quan medicine continues to advance the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
22.2% long, with the impact of the elimination of Quan Pharmacy, and firm operating income, as expected. Positive growth under the high base of chc operations and continuous enhancement of brand power.
As a result of, inter alia, adjustment. 1) brand otc business: continued high demand for cold medicine, rapid growth and leadership of brand position, high-quality growth in skin and gastrointestinal medicine: 2) Slow business: 2023 steady growth, sustained upgrading of the technology for the quality of the three-packed capsules, and the marketing of the Chinese fire.
Resource consolidation is expected to lay the groundwork for top brands: 3) Professional branding operations: Rebuilding in 2023 as a result of a slight decline in the size of generic drug varieties, the subsequent growth of which is expected to be achieved through branding, channeling, etc.; 4) Large health operations: a rich product mix based on the health needs of the core population.
The new clients of the San Haicmo operation are growing faster, core client groups are stable, and are developing well. Quan is also showing structural changes in a number of financial indicators that are expected to provide sustained performance growth dynamics.
On 19 January of that year, the KGL successfully completed the reorganization of its board of directors, Supervisory Board, with the controlling shareholder changing to China XXXIX. In 2023, KGLN ' s first year of strategic integration achieved $7.7 billion (-7 per cent) in operating income, mainly because of its optimized business structure and reduced foreign aid operations; KGL ' s product structure continued to be optimized;
A number of initiatives have advanced the reduction of efficiency gains by achieving a net return of $440 million (+16.1 per cent) to the mother and $340 million (+33.5 per cent) to the non-net return to the mother. According to the annual report of the Kunon Pharmacy Group, business income is expected to increase by double digits in 2024.
5.22 billion yuan (-12.6 per cent) is available, mainly as a result of the conversion of the Chinese pharmaceutical formulation operations to national markers and of the 15-provincial coalition, 1. Huayun, 39 (000999), a steady increase in the Chc operations, and co-development of the Kunon drug mix (2023-11-06)
Standardizing particulate products, increasing market competition, slowing industry growth, and some reduction in the Māori rate. 2. China Yu 39(000999): good business growth in Chc, innovation for high-quality development (2023-05-11).
Assumption 1: the company’s “999” series has a high level of recognition, has a scarce value, and the company is active in expanding the Chc product line, and is expected to achieve a full price increase in the future. Based on the high base of the otc terminal situation, which affected the 2023 epidemic, brand synergies, scenario 2: the company has continued to optimize its prescription drug operations in recent years, and the main factor factor-based particle collection and country-tender transitions have declined in 2023.
Assumption 3: Quan Pharmacy Group is expected to continue to inject new energy into corporate performance, with a steady increase in end-cover coverage as QN Group business channels, business models, management models, etc., move forward at a depth of integration, with the expected 2024-2026 and acceptance of the four mainstream companies that we have selected for our medicine, Yunnan White Pharmacy, Tsai Chao, East Aquga and Coin House, averaged in 2024.
Sales are not as high as expected, products are not as fast as expected, prices are not as high as expected, and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or observations in this report has not been obtained.