• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
In 2023, based on a clear business model and business development logic, the company insisted on a “brand plus innovation” two-wheel drive, strategic integration of the Kun Pharmacy business to achieve business income of $24.739 billion, compared with the trend in corporate prices and depth of 300 per cent.
In a single quarter, 2023q4 companies achieved a robust growth rate of $6.35 billion, or +2.72 per cent, and a net return to mothers of $450 million, or -9.29 per cent, or non-repatriation net profit of +0.25 percentage points.
Stick to strategic leadership, build up growth and rise to new peaks in the development of chc healthy consumer goods business: companies continue to enrich the brand matrix in their chc healthy consumer goods business, increase their efforts and promote the construction of large single goods and upgrade the “39 commercial” system's enhanced channels and end management capabilities
In 2023, it achieved operating income of $11,707 million, and 1. [Hawan’s Medicines] reported an increase of 2.83 per cent in comparison with 2.83 per cent.
The Kun Pharmacy Schedule drives income growth, the profitability of the economy has had a steady growth effect, and the professional branding business has declined slightly as a result of the adjustment in the size of generic drug varieties.
Prescription drug operations: Prescription drug operations due to the conversion of Chinese drug formulation granule operations to national tenders and the start-up of 15 provinces, with a sharp increase in the second quarter of the season, the combination of Quan medicine brings with it the impact of the coalition collection, which achieved an operating income of $5,220 million, a 12.64 per cent decline in the same year.
Continuous strengthening of medical leadership, active research from an evidence-based medical perspective, continuous improvement of the academic value of products and product competitiveness, active response to the multi-area centralized procurement of formulation granular operations, full variety containment; and acceleration of the optimization of the national signage process, with a view to achieving a reduction through new technologies
Quan Pharmacy Business: In 2023, the company and its subsidiary, Quen Pharmacy Group, took a steady step towards integration around the “four re-engineering” and established its strategic objective of making it “a leader in the silver-haired health industry, a leader in the state of fine medicine, and a leader in the field of senior health/slow disease management.” The Quin Pharmacy Group focused on slow-disease management.
In the area of health and well-being, $7,703 million was collected in 2023, a decrease of 6.99 per cent in the same year as a result of the optimization of business portfolios and a decline in foreign aid operations.
16.05 per cent; net profit of 335 million yuan from non-repatriation, an increase of 33.45 per cent over the same period. R & D leadership, innovation-driven, core competitiveness-building in enabling enterprises. 889 million yuan was invested in corporate R & D in 2023, with 112 projects under study, mainly centred on resistance.
In the field of treatment of neoplasms, osteoporosis, skin, breathing, anti-infection, etc.; 71 patents granted for inventions and 64 for practical new patents.
In addition, sodium cerebrovascular, respiratory and anti-infection products, of which the Uladier hydrochloride injection fluid was selected for the ninth round of centralized drug purchases. Injection of sodium sulfon is evaluated as sexual in terms of the quality and efficacy of national imitations.
Pq is certified as part of the procurement of antimalarial medicines by the World Health Organization (WHO) and public institutions.
Taking into account the combination of Quan Pharmacy and based on the company's latest disclosed 23-year annual report data, we use legitimate compliance information to produce this report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.