Huo-Yun San-Yun (000999.sz) - 2023 Annual Report Review - Good performance, integration of Kun Pharmacy for further branding
In 2023, 24.739 billion yuan was collected (+36.83 per cent), (+22.18 per cent), of which 6,131 million yuan (+2.72 per cent) was collected in the fourth quarter and one season (-0.98 pp), and a small decline in gross and net interest rates was mainly due to the combination of ketamine and table effects.
In 2023, the company’s Chc Health Consumers Business was affected by a switch in drug formulations and the launch of a coalition of 15 provinces (regions), with a significant interest rate of 72.33%, mainly due to the optimization of the business structure of the commercial sector and the reduction of foreign aid operations.
In terms of product strength, the company has been working on the resources, process optimization, quality improvement, evidence-based research, etc., on a variety of products, such as cold, blood-placing, etc., in order to improve the overall quality of the product and its competitiveness.
On January 19, 2023, the Kuen Pharmacy Group was formally incorporated into China's thirty-ninth financial statement. The Kun Pharmacy Group, with the strategic objective of “Leader of the silver-cut healthy industry, leader of the good country medicine, leader in the field of elderly health/slow disease management”, adopted the term “Academic empowerment plus”.
"The mid-year review - income and profits - 2023", based on the "kpc. 1951" and "Kun China Pharmacy 1381" department, a product collection, China Yuan San (000999.sz) - 2022 Annual Review - the good performance of the "chc" business.
The company’s strategic integration with the Kun Pharmacy business is expected to further strengthen the branding of the three-quarterly China Rush (00099.sz) – three-quarter review – single-quarter net branding – and optimize business layout.
“Hao Yun San (000999.sz) - Restorative Medicines, Core Strengths of Chc” - Investment Recommendations: Chec’s Rapid Growth, Integration of Pharmacy to Enhance Competitiveness, and Maintenance of “buy-in” ratings.
Figure 2: Net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent), gross net interest rate (net interest rate) and cost control for the period. Corporate overall Māori ratio in 2023 (-0.78 pp) is 53.24 per cent, and figure 6: Māori rate, net interest rate and roe (in %)
Figure 5: Sub-operational rate of $393 (in %) with continued growth in Chc ' s operating income. In 2023, the company ' s Chc healthy consumer goods business achieved operating income of $1 billion (-12.64%) and the Māori rate of 52.15% (-0.68 pp), mainly due to the conversion of Chinese pharmaceutical formulations to national bids.
In 2023, the company invested $889 million in R & D, a year-on-year increase.
A total of 112 new product studies were carried out in the course of the year, including 4 chromosomes, 4 chromosomes, 5 chemoglysers, and 99 new products; in terms of product strength, the company developed medicinal resources, process optimization and quality around various varieties such as cold spirits, blood clover, daily and bone osteoporosis, gastrointestinal pains, granules, platinum, polio capsules, physes and artemether.
In addition, companies are actively promoting technological innovation and protection, obtaining 71 patents for inventions and 64 new patents for practical applications.
Figure 9: Thirty-nine R & D spending and acceleration (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 10: Number and percentage of R & D staff (in persons, per cent) Strategic integration of Kun Pharmacy and further enabling branding. 19 January 2023, Kun Pharmacy Group formally incorporated
With the strategic objective of “Leader of the silver-haired health industry, leader of the state medicine, leader in the field of health management of old age/mortality”, the Kuen Pharmacy Group focuses on the area of slow disease management and health of old age, further digging into the academic value of the tri-seven industry chain through “academic empowerment plus branding”, based on “kpc 1951” and “777”
The Ministry of Industry, through enhanced outreach and synergy, and increased brand value of the product; and the Ministry of the “Kun-China Pharmacy 1381”, which focuses on the creation of powerful monolithic products with high growth potential, such as spleen and sulphate particles, and is actively developing more classic products with a rich and gradient in the product cluster.
The company’s strategic integration with the Kun Pharmacy business is expected to further strengthen branding and optimize business layout. Investment advice: Chec’s operations are growing rapidly, integrating Kuni will increase competitiveness and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject