The medical team integrated the Kun medicine business, with rapid growth in performance.
1. China-Yun-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu!
3. “The Pharmacy of Prescription works to achieve income. 3. “Hao Yun San: Performance growth is higher than expected, looking at future multi-operability and the impact of the Alliance’s start-up in 15 provinces.” On January 19, 2023, the Kunon Pharmacy Group added a table.
The company’s healthy consumer goods business continues to be rich, the branding of the otc business has grown better, and the digestive collection of the business has been protected.
With steady growth, professional branding has declined slightly as a result of the adjustment in the size of generic medicines. Strengthening prescription medicine and building competitive edges in the entire industrial chain.
Several high-level sci studies have been published on core pharmaceutical products, and clinical guidelines have been introduced; new guides and expert consensus have been developed on products such as radiates, platinum, osteoporin, osteoporosis, and paralysing.
To achieve rapid release; the country’s first former researcher, the five-generation cerebral herbicide injected sodium diaphragm (Saip) is officially entering the commercialization phase and is being marketed online in most provinces; to promote the development of new products and multi-dimensional enrichment of pipelines; and to invest 889 million yuan in research and development in 2023.
A total of 112 projects have been developed, resulting in the acquisition of sodium sodium hydrate capsules in Omera (3 classes), injections with 5 Certificates of Registration for Medicines with potassium carvirate (11 classes 3) in Amosilin, and further enrichment of digestive, cerebrovascular, respiratory and anti-infection products.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, we're looking at the development prospects of the company after integrating Quan Pharmacy, and based on the current state of development, we're looking at the risk of product clustering: competition increases the risk: product diffusion is less than expected: health-care drugs are limited.
Price risk; risk of change in brand value; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; discounted goodwill 0/0
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: