Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 23 years of performance in line with expectations, and Quin drug entry table in support of sustained increase in profitability
The growth in corporate income throughout the year is due mainly to the inclusion of Kundaz GmbH in the company’s consolidated reporting table, which promotes increased profitability, anchoring strategic direction, pooling growth synergies, and sustained healthy business development.
The company’s “999 Perfect Pharmacy” terminal service currently covers 21 central cities across the country and serves more than 6,000 core stores.
The company continues to build brand advantage in mainstream power platforms like Kyoto, Ali, for coughing, pediatrics, Vymins, etc., 618 electric power companies, 999 flu pills, top 1 of their own, 999 flu pills, 999 Aunos, etc.
The calcium nutrients are ranked first in the range. The 999 ointment gypsum is ranked first on the otc-type Skycat flagship, and fourth on the gastrointestinal medicine.
A number of research papers have been published in sci-recorded international academic journals on the company ' s notes in the field of cerebrovascular ailments: easy oral liver protection in the field of digestion; second place in the national market for oral liver products in the imms; and papoxin in the field of anti-cancer medicine.
(a) The selection of a national set of integrated medicines, which is expected to be made available for a volume exchange; the smooth passage of trace tracer-based methadone injections and radioactive fluids (retardation) through national negotiations will accelerate the expansion of the coverage of products in hospitals;
Injecting sodium is the first in the country to study five generations of pyrecin, and the problem of product supply is solved.
Quan Pharmacy Business: On 19 January 2023, the Kuen Pharmacy Group completed a reshuffle of its board of directors and supervisory board.
2. The Quan Pharmacy Group’s shareholders changed from Chinese medicine to Chinese medicine to Chinese medicine, which was formally incorporated into China Yun’s growth vision in the fourth quarter of the year, with Chc growing steadily.
Financial statements. The company continues to promote the integration of the Quint Drugs Group and establishes its new strategic objective of “building a silver book that looks at the way in which the Quint Drugs Group concentrates on good health, becoming a leader in the management of slow disease, a leader in the best medicine in the country”
Research and development (R & D) and innovation development (R & D)
The progress of the point research project included the entry of one small molecular target to anti-cancer drug qbh-196 into i clinical trials: the completion of the new transversal melanoma drug nc201 for H3k27m mutagenic melanoma as an in-country clinical trial application (ind) and the receipt of a Notice of Approval for the Clinical Trial of Drugs;
One innovative drug, dzqe (used to improve women's menopausal symptoms), is actively promoting stage ii. Clinical research subjects are included in the group: “Mitothium hydrochloride injection” (savage) Clinical research is being carried out on lymphachitis for stomach cancer root control patients, and new adaptive conditions are being developed.
At the same time, the company obtained a pharmaceutical certificate for sodium hydrate capsules in Omera, supplementing the product pipeline in the public domain of digestion. In addition, the company has continued to focus on the innovative transmission of Chinese medicine, and is currently studying over 30 classic titles.
The company, in cooperation with the country ' s leading scientific institutions, has carried out research and declarations on various national standards for Chinese formulations. To date, a cumulative of 29 species standards have been promulgated as national standards for formulations and 15 species standards are at the stage of publicizing national standards.
Based on the latest performance forecasts and the adjustment of actual operating measurements, we have adjusted profit projections downward, using information that is legally compliant, and have produced the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market. I do not have any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I have any assurance that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.