Deep blue + Avita accelerated electrical transformation, joint venture branding cycle up 10/05/2022 Summary of events: On 9/05/2022, Chang An launched April production data, vehicle output 11.26
\triangleright Autonomy: Deep Blue+Avita accelerates the electrical transformation, and supply chain recovery is expected to lead to significant improvements in sales. \triangleright
In April, Chang An was a Chinese branded car sales volume of 67,000, corresponding to 42.2 per cent/ring ratio-53.3 per cent. In January/April, the cumulative volume was 467,000, cumulative to 7.79 per cent. In April, Chang An was an autonomous brand with weak ring performance compared to industry.
This year, c385, c673, Avita 11, Lumin is expected to be on the market and boost the sale of the autonomous plates. With the resumption of work and the restoration of the logistics transport chain,
With the publication of a fee promotion policy, and the consolidation of company defaults, we expect a significant improvement in the performance of the Autonomous Block in May.
In the face of disruptions in the supply of the disease, the new generation of new vehicles, such as Mondio and Lincolnz, has benefited from the sales drive, Ford has outperformed the other brands of the group; long-Ammadella has 3,531 vehicles, i.e. --68.76 per cent/ring ratio -- 68.39 per cent. In January-April, the cumulative volume of 45,000 vehicles, i.e., +9.67 per cent.
The sales volume has declined considerably over the same period. The joint venture Ford Explorers will be listed gradually, starting a strong product cycle, and the volume of Ford sales is expected to be quickly repaired by strong product competitiveness.
The new product is expected to speed up the growth cycle of the company as the transformation of electric intelligence accelerates. High-end brands are reported in the new \triangleright 2022 Quarterly: 2022q1 is over-expected.
(a) In order to cooperate deeply with the Ningde era, Hwa has been able to achieve a new valuation of $6.26 billion, Avita11 will be the first to launch a fully fledged smart driving solution, and Chang An (000625) will be making a quick assessment of the sale of the new product battery plus the smartness:
The demand is going to keep going to stock, electric intelligence is going up, and there are plans to open the first door shop in 22q2, plus up to 350,000 annual-capable long-skins production bases. 3. Chang-Ang's vehicle (000625).
To protect the brand, (2) the brand's deep blue, and the company's transition to a smart, low-carbon technology company, opened up in 2022, and the electric intelligence boom, 10,000 dollars in the market, and the market is now resounding. The electric intelligence transition is accelerating: the company's integration in power three and the whole car.
The electro-intelligent assistive vehicle cycle continues to go up, the technology is deep, the capability of autopilot-assisted back-to-back development is largely mastered, and the number of smart electric vehicles will be created.
Superplatforms. With platform-based advantage radiation, the successive listings of small cars, entry-level cars, a158 and compact suvc673 will enrich the corporate product matrix. In 2025, companies will launch at least 26 new energy source products to achieve the target sales of 3.0.10 million long brands/new energy sources in 2025.
The company's many new cars are about to be marketed, the transformation of electric intelligence has accelerated, the trend has continued upwards in the medium and long term, maintaining the “promotion of the methodological and analytical logic of \triangleright to draw conclusions, producing the present report independently and objectively and being held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.