Performance exceeded expectations and profitability recovered significantly Investment rating: buying (maintaining) companies publish a single report in 2022 and 2022q1 achieves revenue of $34.6 billion, a year-on-year increase
8 per cent; net return of 4.5 billion yuan, an increase of 431 per cent in the same year; improved structure and significant recovery of profitability in the realization of net return of non-mother ' s profits; total full-calibre sales of 650,000 vehicles during the reporting period, an increase of 1.6 per cent in the same year ' s performance.
The main reasons for this increase are non-recurrent new gains and losses and improved profitability. In the case of non-recurrent gains and losses, during the reporting period, Aveta, a subsidiary of the company, introduced a war-increment, and the company confirmed a return of about 21 percentage points, mainly due to improvements in the marketing structure and a narrow balance of end discounts:
The sales of uni vehicles with a higher value added by 2022q1 increased by 2 percentage points, with unik and univ sales rising. 2022q1 projected an average vehicle cost of 83,000 yuan, with the same level of platformization beginning to work.
We believe that corporate profitability is expected to continue to improve with the gradual reduction of the missing cores and the expected increase in the share of un series sales based on the mpa platform. At the same time, the company will achieve rapid growth in the new energy sector in 2022, and now the company has completed a full-market version of the new energy source.
In the middle and high-end smart-powering area, the company Avita brand, which brings together the advantages of the Chang An, Hua-Dang, Ningdeng era, is currently planning four models. In the area of small cars, the company is investing in building a national valor, and plans to launch four new products in the future, to be launched in 2022.
Lumin. In the mainstream car market, the company introduced a new digital pure electricity brand, long and blue, and did not plan for five models, of which c385 and c673 will be launched in 2022, providing full support for the 1.R.E. New Energy Market.
• Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. The research area covers passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and includes new energy vehicles and transmissions.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.