Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) full brand power, real-time boost.
In 2021, 2.3 million vehicles were sold on a company-wide basis, an increase of 14.8 per cent compared to the previous year.
With a 2.3 percentage point increase in the same year, the new energy technologies have suffered losses of about $2.8 billion in the current period due to the fall in new energy subsidies, sales of resources, higher prices for companies compared to 300 deep investments, and a long delay in the overall performance of the joint venture.
On the other hand, long Anfort sold 305,000 vehicles throughout the year, an increase of 20.3 per cent over the same year, while benefiting from such factors as sales growth, improved product structure, and long Anfort made a profit of about $2.3 billion over the year, faster than the same year for global products, and more energy for new energy products.
In 2022, the company will achieve rapid growth in the new energy sector, and now the company has completed a brand-style branding of the new energy source, the whole market. In the middle-end smart electricization, the company Aveta brands have brought together the advantages of the Changan, Huaieng, Ningde era, and are currently planning four models.
In the area of motor vehicles, the company has invested in building up national best-fit cars and plans to launch four brand new products in the future, with Lumin to be launched in 2022. In the mainstream car market, the company has launched a completely new number of pure electric items, brands long and deep, and plans for five models in the future, of which c385, c673 will be launched in 2022.
The company’s strategic transformation is fully supported by the vehicle model, which sells less than expected; the new model is on the market less well than expected, among other risks.
• Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. The research area covers passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and includes new energy vehicles and transmissions.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.