The price of the product continues to rise, Aveta shares (000625.sz) are re-evaluated to boost profits.
The Investment Events Corporation published its annual report 2021 and its quarterly report 2022, and in 2021 it achieved $10.514 billion in revenue, i.e. + 24.3 per cent in comparison; net return to the mother was $3.55 billion, i.e. + 6.9 per cent in comparison;
The net non-mortality gain is 1.65 billion yuan, compared to +150.9 per cent; the basic ps is 0.47 per share, and our analysis and judgement is that (i) the joint branding is going well and the value of the autonomous brand is rising. The average annual vehicle price of the company rose by about 0.3 million yuan, an increase of 8.3 per cent, and the revenue of the company.
In general terms, there were 9,966,000 vehicles in Long An and 228,000 vehicles in Oshan, representing an increase of 20.0 per cent and 49.0 per cent, respectively, better than in the passenger sector (youy+7 per cent); and 305,000 vehicles in Chang An Fort, representing an increase of 20.3 per cent over the year, 70 per cent of which was sold in the suv pattern.
And high-end cars contribute, supporting net profits up to $2.28 billion. 202.01 auto proprietorships are sold at 40 million, with the same ring ratio + 2.4 per cent/+ 40 per cent, and the volume increase continues. (ii) The company's Maori ratio is rising, and Aveta's equity is revalued to overturn the net profit of 202.01
The Māori rate for sales was 15.5%, compared to +1.0pct, mainly due to the booming sale of the company’s main products and the surge in high-end products in the context of corporate ownership and material price increases, which underpinned the reversal of Māori rates. In addition, the company’s equity rights became public after Aveta technology was introduced.
The re-measurement of the promised value recognized a profit of $2.28 billion, which significantly boosts net profits. (iii) The upgrading of the transition boosts corporate sales and the emergence of a brand of ownership into new development opportunities.
The three Electrified products of the uni series are now on the market in the following six months, with an additional uni-mixed powered vehicle model that will accelerate the electrical transformation, and the un-hot-hot sales are expected to continue.
To further improve the competitiveness of products through continuous internal and external optimization, performance enhancement, and upgrading of smart technology configurations. Companies increase their R & D inputs, with the aim of controlling key core technologies, and deepen integration, power semiconductors, battery chassis, solid-state batteries, and hydrogen fuel R & D manufacturing systems.
The risk of the new coronary epidemic having an adverse impact on automobile sales; the industry chain created by the shortage of four chipes; I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner, and with a clear and accurate view of my research.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report, and is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.