With rapid growth, the strategic layout of 0fd drives solid office profits in Golden Hill, and subscriptions are a key driver of growth.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly in the design development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services.
Rapid growth. In the three income categories, traditional authorized model operations and Internet operations have remained stable, while the provision of office software, including wpsoffice, and the Golden Pyramid, have grown faster with office service subscriptions amounting to $530 million, an increase of 70.9 per cent over the same period.
The software products, based on office applications, and the development of a variety of office value-added services that provide one-stop, multi-platform operations, are the main sights of the company's long-term growth, and the bg end+c end is expected to work together to promote wps in the country.
Publicly applied solutions, together with the provision of a continuous increase in penetration in products and related literature, further consolidates the flagship position and accelerates import substitution, using medium-based Internet advertising services.
Pc+Mobile End Connectivity is strong, and the main product Mau is still growing rapidly. In the first half of 2020, the company Mau has reached 450 million, an increase of 30.5 per cent over the same year, with mobile version users reaching 30.5 per cent.
The trend of attracting new users, connecting to the pc end and providing value-added services to open members without increasing user stickyness and stimulating payments is expected to be sustained in the long run, and there is still much room for raising the number of monthly and payers.
The company announced that it was going to buy 37.5% of the stock in the network at $150 million in order to achieve the holding and to list it together. The digital network is the main manufacturer of the copy files, and we believe that the acquisition control is expected to contribute to the development of the capital mountain.
Companies’ profitability projections and investment ratings: higher profitability forecasts, maintaining highly recommended ratings.
Kim Shan Office (688111): Performance in the first half of the year, fast growth of the subscription business.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Kim Shan Office (688111) performed well in the first half of the year and that subscriptions have grown rapidly.
Wang Jianhui, a team of the East Hing securities computer team organized a team focused on research in the fields of cloud computing, information network security, medical informatics, industrial software, ai big data, car networking, 5g applications, financial science and technology, and digital money.
Chen Woo-chul is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.