Li Tianfan High-speed development of office subscriptions, corporate performance over-expected The company released its performance in the first half of 2020, generating operating income of $916 million, yov+33.64 per cent;
The profits are $357 million, yoy+143.30 per cent, eps 0.78 million, and the operating income for the single quarter of 2q is $544 million, and the company is the leader of the home-grown office software, benefiting from tele-office catalytic and home-grown software substitution, and we take a look at the company's high growth in the field of office software and give a "buy-in" rating.
In the first half of the year, office subscriptions continued to grow at a high rate, with higher performance expectations: corporate collections increased by 33.64 per cent in the first half of the 20th century, mainly by higher income from office subscriptions. In sub-operations, office software authorized operations received $214 million, an increase of 6.13 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic.
The growth of individual subscriptions to products and services, which have opened new sales channels, continues at a rapid pace, with the development of cloud-based office products for small and medium-sized enterprises, such as wps+; Internet advertising, which generates $169 million, a decrease of 1.77 per cent over the same period. The net profits of companies have increased by 143.30 per cent over the same period, increasing at an accelerated rate.
This was higher than revenue, mainly due to an increase in the Māori rate in the same year and a decrease in the overall cost rate in the same year. 2q returns increased by 35.58 per cent in the same season, net profits grew by 149.31 per cent in the same year, both at rates higher than 1q, and quarterly performance innovations were high, mainly because user subscriptions continued to grow rapidly.
The Māori rate has steadily increased, and the cost rate has fallen significantly: in the first half of the year, the Māori rate for companies as a whole increased by 3.48 percentage points to 86.14 per cent over the same period, and we believe that it is mainly due to the continued growth of payers. The cost rate has declined by 9.13 percentage points to 59.07 per cent over the same period.
The combination of products has declined markedly, the effects of scale have gradually become apparent, and the company’s future cost rates are expected to continue to decline.
The number of users has continued to grow, and the net operating cash flow has increased significantly the same year: the company's main product is active monthly, Internet advertising has reached 454 million, an increase of 30.46 per cent over the same period, and the ring has grown by 1.57 per cent.
Monthly active users: 172 million; monthly active mobile version users: 275 million; monthly other products: 2.92 per cent at the end of the year. Net operating cash flows in the first half of the year amounted to $452 million, a significant increase in the same year.
The company now holds about 30% of the stake in the digital network, the acquisition, the completion of which will hold 67.52% of the stake in the digital network, and the company will also list it. The Beijing digital network is the country's main provider of specialized layout-processing products and technology services.
This outward investment will increase the company’s combined financial revenues and profits (96.92 million yuan in 2019 and $36.76 million in net profits) in favour of the company’s products.
:: Innovation in the field. Profit forecasting: we have increased the forecast of corporate profitability, with net profits projected for 2020, 2021 and 2022. Table 2: Cumulative annual payments for individual membership
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificate (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may use this report or use it as a basis for any action recommended in the report or in the light of the information or research. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report. The data and comments on the report may or may not change before being notified.
This report was not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificates mentioned in the report.