Net profit increases bright and individual subscriptions continue to rise.
The number of monthly users has continued to grow, the number of individual subscriptions has grown at a high rate \triangleright, and the amount of personal payments has continued to rise. As of June 2020, the major products were active monthly.
The number of users amounted to 454 million, an increase of 30.5% compared to the same period last year; subscriptions were the key driver of growth in the 2020h1 crop. The product end wpsofficepc version of Mau grew the fastest, compared to the beginning of the year.
The company is committed to optimizing the user experience of wps members by enriching privileges, expanding content resources, differential custom services, and increasing user stickyness, while actively opening up new marketing channels to promote a higher rate of fee conversion. The cumulative number of individual members paying a fee a year is 1.81 million, an annual increase of 98.47%.
The "wps+" series of cloud office services has been developing rapidly, with a strong outreach to government and corporate clients. Companies are developing new landscape applications, integrating new technologies in depth, enhancing cloud office capacity in multiple dimensions, and currently providing services to hundreds of thousands of small and micro-enterprises in their homes.
Universalization. At the same time, in the context of the three core trends of national production, formalization, and cloudization, corporate software authorization for government and business markets continued to grow at a high rate, with 27.81 per cent, 38.40 per cent and 42.75 per cent of the total number of users in the domestic office market in 2016-2018.
The "wps+Cloud Office Solutions" were selected for the first issue of the `Recommended Directory of digitized SME Enabling Services Products and Activities' issued by the Ministry of Industry and Informatics as the first pilot demonstration of digitized SME enabling enterprises.
By 2019, the company had served 96 companies in the country with demand-driven product development and acquired digital web-based strategic layouts.
\triangleright 150 million yuan to acquire shares in the digital network, amounting to 37.52% of its holdings. Company R & D personnel make up the total number of employees.
65.20%, since 2017, R & D costs have shown a rapid growth trend, guided by end-user demand, leading to a virtuous cycle of “client-driven R & D, product-serving customers”.
Standard layout documentof the strategic layout of the new field in which companies buy digital web dimensions with $150 million of their own capital and a large amount of 37.52 per cent of authorized business, holding cumulative shares of 67.52 per cent, becoming shareholders in their holdings and incorporating digital web dimensions into mergers
The company will increase its cooperation with the digital web-wires through various forms of collaborative development, proxy products, etc.
Continuing to provide high-quality services to government and business clients, while increasing the competitiveness of companies in the area ofofd. Offices, network of leading domestic office software providers, 20-year valuation of the UDPA, 138x/189x., respectively, taking into account the fact that companies are home-grown.
The software leader, currently 454 million mau users and 16.81 million pay-for-c end-users, has significant advantages in terms of the number of users and the level of technology. Considering the company’s strengths is rare in the area of credit creation (cf. the 20-year value of Makotech, which holds the shares of the national production operating system uos, is 172 x).
Payers are growing less than expected, the process of national production substitution is less than expected, and the upgrading of office software is accelerating. In 2019, the head of the Education & Computer Industry of the Human Life Institute joined the Institute of Civil Securities and the Master of Finance of the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Civil Security and the Master of Banking and Finance of the King’s College in London. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and sought to be objective, impartial by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions that were free from any third party’s approval or influence.