The high growth in subscriptions and the strategic effectiveness of “tool transformation services” benefited from the rapid growth of office service subscriptions and the maintenance of faster income in the first half of the year.
During the first half of 2020, office software authorized operations achieved income of $214 million, an increase of 6.13 per cent over the same period, showing a slowing trend, mainly as a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic; office service subscriptions realized revenue incentives; Internet advertising generated revenues of $169 million, a decrease of 1.77 per cent over the same period.
The increase in the size and activity of users, the company’s constant balancing of product users’ experiences, and the multiple effects of the downside of the market for brand-made advertising show a slight decline. The monthly activity of the company’s main product, Mau, has increased steadily, with Mau reaching 454 million as of 30 June, of which Mau has reached 454 million.
The Wpsofficepc version is 172 million, the mobile version is 275 million and the other products are 0.07 million. The cumulative number of paid individual members amounts to 16.81 million, about twice the number for the same period in 2019.
During the first half of 2020, the cost of R & D reached $306 million, an increase of 9.72 per cent over the previous year, and companies insisted on “technics and technology development”, continuing organizational innovation, developing a real R & D hub, improving R & D efficiency, and empowering the public.
In Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chuohai, Chengdu, Xianan, and Research-Kingshan (6881.sh) of the State Dollar Securities Corporation, there are specialized technical service centres in eight cities, including the National Production Office, Wuhan, which serve to infiltrate the application of products.
The Division has become the official co-operative software provider for the 2022 Olympic Winter Games in Beijing, custom-made co-location service for the Beijing Winter Olympics Committee to help upgrade the Beijing Winter Olympics team, taking into account the actual circumstances of the Games.
The company is expected to achieve even more in the area of innovation, with the army winning the “Inventive Products and Technologies Award.” The proposed acquisition of 37.521% of the digital network, the strategic layout of the ofd national document standard
According to the company announcement, in order to enhance the company's future competitiveness in the field in the new area of the national standard version of documentofd, the company intends to acquire 37.521 per cent of the digital web-based shares held directly by the Beijing Conqueror Information Technology Division, at a price of 15 million yuan.
Chen Tunan will hold 67.5184% of the shares, and the company will list the web-wires.
This investment, which will increase the company’s combined operating income and profits, and will benefit the company’s product’s innovation in the ofd area and enhance its competitiveness, is expected to benefit from the development of the IT industry, as the leading office software and service provider in the country.
The increase in the number of paying users has been lower than expected; the process of nationalization substitution has been lower than expected; other companies have entered the software market, and competition in the market has increased. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively, with a diligent professional attitude.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.