High growth in office subscriptions and high corporate performance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Quality Performance Summary: 916 million yuan in operating income in 2020, an increase of 33.64 per cent over the previous year; realization of repatriation
Net profit of $357 million, an increase of 143.3 per cent over the same period, q2 won operating income of $540 million in the first quarter, an increase of 35.6 per cent over the same period; net profit return of $250 million was achieved, an increase of 149.3 per cent over the same period, with a rapid increase in mau, which performed well in the office subscription business.
At the end of the medium pc mau is 170 million: at the end of the mobile mau is 280 million. Companies continue to actively delete advertising implants.
The location of companies’ safe and controlled products has benefited from a variety of trends, such as credit creation, autonomous control of national production, and cloudization, and has led to an increase in the number of cities. The company has served 82 out of 96 companies in the country, accounting for 85.4% of the total.
The number of public servants in the country was 7,167,000 for the first time in 2016. Based on the support of government offices for the creation of trust and self-controllability, it is expected that companies will be able to fully transform this segment of the market, with a further increase in the share of the market and office authorization.
For the next three years, the net return profit will remain at a compound growth rate of 53.32%. Given that the company has benefited from credit creation, autonomous manipulation, and industrial clouding office dividends, the business is in a high-growth phase, and the space for long-term expansion is significant, it covers the first time that a “holding” rating has been given.
Unexpected upgrades; less cloudy; product single risk, etc. 1 head of national production office software. Kim Shan office is the leading office software and service provider in the country, focusing on wpsoffice office software products and uniforms
The company was developed by the Shenzhen Development Department, a company founded in 1988 and has been working hard for 31 years in the software industry. In 2019, the company was on the market. During 31 years, the company developed technology, pioneered innovation, transformed a single office application into an Internet office cloud service, and its core product, wpsoffice.
Through continuous technological change and business expansion, office software achieves the same account number, multi-platform multi-equipment switching, and a more convenient office model that introduces wps and riceshell members to provide members with the option to work in a public cloud. In addition, companies provide Internet outreach services that generate new growth points for companies through interface displays within products, platform-guiding flows.
The company’s profit model is divided into three main categories: authorization for the use of office software products, subscription to office services (personal member services, institutional subscription services) and promotion of Internet advertising.
Heart products, which include wps text, wps tables, wps presentations, and wps reading. wps offices have desktops, mobiles, desktops and mobiles, respectively, have professional and personal versions. Desktop ios mainstream phones, maintain small, fast, spiritual features, and help users to move more easily.
The human version adheres to the free-of-charge-advertisement-in-place model, while the professional version provides users with more specialized customized office space. Figure 2: wpsoffice office software products.
Multilingual training such as writing, verbal exercises and word review. (3) Office value-added services: personal office value-added services and business office value-added services.
(4) Internet advertising services: companies provide advertising and marketing services to a variety of advertising customers, using products and official networks as the main vehicle.
The growth in revenue and net profits has been steady, benefiting from the growth in online demand for office services and the high growth in office service subscriptions. The four-year compound growth in office service subscriptions in 15-19 was 143 per cent.
Service subscriptions accounted for 34.8 per cent of total revenue, compared with the first authorized over-office software use, and became the company ' s largest business, the most important performance driver.In 2019, the company achieved $1.58 billion in revenue, an increase of 39.8 per cent over the previous year, resulting in a net gain attributable to the shareholders of listed companies.
Of the $400 million, an increase of 28.9 per cent, revenues from office service subscription plates amounted to $680 million, or 43 per cent of the total, representing an increase of 73 per cent in the same year; receipts from authorized office software use amounted to $500 million, or 31.4 per cent of the total, and 39 per cent of the same increase; and receipts from Internet extension services amounted to $400 million, or 25.6 per cent of the total, representing an increase of 6 per cent.
As companies become more cloudy, subscription conversion rates are moving closer to mature overseas market champions. In the first half of 2020, up to 71 per cent of the subscription plates benefiting from office services continued to grow significantly, generating operating income of $916 million, in 2019, 80.7 per cent of the gross subscription rate, 97.5 per cent of the authorized office software rate and in advertising services.
At the same time, the company’s sales and management rates are low among comparable companies in the saas industry. Maau has grown rapidly over the years, and there has been a steady increase in office subscriptions at a high conversion rate.
The company’s monthly active users have grown steadily, high subscription conversion rates have been increasing in the amount of personal fees, and high subscription performance has been the main engine of growth in its performance in the first half of the year. The subscriptions generated $530 million in the first half of 2020, an increase of 70.9 per cent in the same year, pc endmau of 170 million and mobile end mau of 280 million.
In the first half of 2020, the epidemic pushed for more online teleworking, and companies benefited from IT-based, national production.
With mastery and cloudy trends, the safe and controlled positioning of the product wpsoffice has enabled software-authorized operations to yield more than 210 million revenues, an increase of 6.1 per cent compared to the previous 6.1 per cent, with a market penetration rate of 61.74 per cent for Wpsoffice products in 2019 and a 90 per cent market share on the mobile end.
For the first time in the year, the number of civil servants was 7.167 million. Based on the support of government offices for the creation and autonomous manipulation of information, it is expected that companies will be able to fully absorb this segment of the market. In 2016-2018, the domestic municipal share of the company ' s wpsoffice office software user ratio was assumed to be 1: the company focused on promoting the liquidity of wps+.
Basic classes (free trial), commercial editions ($365/person/year), advanced commercial editions ($599/person/year). It is expected to be followed by unlocking a higher price combination of subscriptions.
Assumption 3: Internet outreach operations are limited to user experiences, companies proactively restrict advertising displays. Companies will advertise their businesses in the future by increasing their share of content in such industries as online consumption, online education, etc., and by increasing the placement of high-value vertical advertising.
Net profits will remain at a compound rate of 53.32%. We have selected a share and h share of the company's traditional software leader, and in recent years we have been actively transforming the business transformation of Saas from listed companies to a wider network, a friend network, and Golden Fluttershy International as comparable companies.
To the extent that companies benefit from credit creation, autonomous manipulation, and clouding office dividends, enterprises are in a high-growth phase, with a significant long-term expansion of space, with “holding” ratings for the first time being covered. National policy moves toward national production alternatives are lower than expected; user conversion rates are lower than expected; payment rates are less than expected; and cloudization is less than expected.
Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.