KIMshan Office (688111): KIMshan released the “publicity model” and KIMshan Office took an important step forward
Launching the world’s first “publicity model”, with national office growing innovatively. July 8th, Kimsan’s office is the leading office software and service provider in the country, and the first office software in the world, the “publicity model”, is used mainly in wpsoffice2019forlinux.
The “publicity model” is aimed primarily at users of party organs, and is developed and marketed in national bid formats, custom tools, and designs.
Integrationofd, template import etc. is the starting point for party organ users to provide, at the end of wpss, office software for wpsoffice and the Golden Mountain Phrase to complete the writing, collaboration, layout, etc., and to print directly documents that meet national standards for correspondence.
We believe that the introduction of this product will help to improve the efficiency of the public writing and output of the party organs by providing a variety of office value-added services that provide one-stop, multi-platform services.
Public application solutions, along with important milestones in the innovation of national production office software in products and related literature, media-based Internet advertising promotion services.
The “publicity model” expands the competitive edge of state-owned offices and enhances office efficiency and client consistency. Party offices are increasingly in need of professionalization of office software, and in the context of the rapid increase in the rate of regularization and the accelerated replacement of national production, it is expected that the office will further upgrade its presence in government, finance, and the country through innovative models.
With the gradual shift of the site authorization model to the subscription model, we believe that the number of subscriptions to future party organs, undertakings, etc. is expected to increase significantly, and that the business income from institutional subscriptions is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate in cases of high coverage and low user usage.
Local office + clouds help to connect, and gold mountain files help open up the growth space. Under the gold mountain office flag, many people collaborate online on the gold mountain documents of the host, from supporting online editing of different formats such as " Text, Tables, Demonstrations, Flowcharts " , to launching " Forms, Meetings, Tasks, Calendars, etc. "
Multi-sphere collaboration has been used as an innovative representative of the national collaborative office. Microsoft hosts Google, a partnership between the gold mountain files, which are a key player in the national synergy, and Ali, Tseng, and Hua are partners of the gold mountain office.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: Companies have grown steadily over the last three years, have invested heavily in research and development, have focused on improving product performance, have a wide market space in the industry, and are expected to return home in 2020 - 257 times, 169 times and 111 times, respectively, to maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
Risks leading to below-expected performance; risks to national policy changes in the area of autonomous innovation; industrial ecological investment; Source of financial and intellectual excellence in the East; Office in Kim Shan (688111): release of the “publicity model” in Kanshan, an important step forward in the Office of National Property
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East, the source of the world's wealth, the source, the king's Ken Fai
The CESM team organized a team focused on research in the areas of cloud computing, information network security, medical information, industrial software, ai big data, car networking, 5g applications, financial technology and digital money, and the application of industrial research to create value.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.