30 August 2017: Central gold and gold released in mid-2017, the company achieved business income of RMB 15,951 million, an increase of 19.6 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $212 million
The decline in the mineral volume of Central gold (600489.sh) led to a decline in the Maori rate. The price of gold was relatively stable in the first half of 2017, with an international average gold price of $1238 per ounce, an increase of 1.25 per cent in the same year, an increase of 1.52 per cent in domestic tons, and an increase of 22.27 tons in smelting, an increase of 31.08 per cent in the same year.
The decrease resulted in a decrease of 0.4 percentage points to 11.46 per cent in the company ' s Māori ratio over the same year. From three costs, sales costs increased by 86.02 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of the cost of major repairs at the China National Smelter, a 1.06 per cent increase in management over the same year, an 11.22 per cent decrease in financial costs over the same year. In terms of net profits, such as the impact of changes in fair value of the primary smelting plant ' s hedging operations, the company ' s net profit for the first half of the year increased by 48.75 per cent over the same period.
During the first half of the year, the company’s priority projects accelerated, and the second phase of China’s smelter project was successfully launched, while the project’s re-establishment and re-engineering of China’s smelting and smelting technology was conducted. At the same time, the company increased its efforts to find deposits in the vicinity, periphery, and depths of the old mine, and invested $72 million in mining funds, adding 5.99 tons of new gold reserves (metals).
The Federal Reserve has raised interest rates twice in 2017, but the continued low rate of dry inflation has slowed down the expected follow-on rate increases in the market, supporting the gold \triangleright prices. Moreover, elections will be held in many countries in Europe in the second half of 2017, and uncertainty about policies and about the retreat from Europe due to party rotations will boost gold.
Risk factors: below-expected mineral gold production; risk of gold price volatility; increased production costs; and disruption of production due to sudden events such as natural disasters, environmental protection, etc.
She's a research assistant at the Don't-E-T-T-T-T.
The front page of the company's report is financial data, published in well-known European-American journals, such as Foreign Marketsmarkets, Journalfoliomanage, Journaloftraining.
This report has been prepared and published by the China CSRC. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.