High rate of growth in Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh): Reduction of pressure on asset quality
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company base (RMB) net profit now stands at 2,331 million yuan, an increase of 11% from the same year. Total asset balance at the end of the period is 1.6 trillion yuan, compared to the beginning of the year
Growth of 23.87 per cent. Weighted average net asset return of 14.47 per cent at the end of the year, a decline of 1.25 percentage points from the same year, overall year-on-year performance is in line with expectations, with median and operating costs being the main contributing factor to performance. In 2016, companies achieved net return profit of 10.611 billion yuan, an increase of 11.72 per cent over the previous three quarters.
In 2016, companies received the same percentage of the average. The higher income from fees was mainly due to contributions from agencies (80% more than the same year) and bank card services (61% more than the same year), with agency fees accounting for nearly 60% of fees.
The growth of retail loans, such as consumer loans, has contributed to an increase in future interest differentials. Liu Zhiping, a company with a lower net interest margin of 24bp per year in 2016, fell to a lower level of 1.7% in industries, mainly capital.
The impact of weight pricing and high-cost peer debt ratios has been on the rise. Companies have increased the restructuring of their credit structures, high-yield consumer loans have grown rapidly, and mortgage lending has continued to decline.
The rapid growth of consumer loans has helped to raise the interest differentials of companies, with a steady rate of poor performance and reduced asset quality pressure. The negative balance of companies at the end of the period was $9,318 million, compared to 53bp.
The balance of late loans fell by 1.9% over the same period, and there was an improvement in poor recognition. Corporate asset quality as a whole has stabilized, failing to adhere to the strategy and development rules of the “double nuclear triode” and the “largest Internet data gene bank”
The year 2017 is the key year for a new five-year strategic development plan for companies that will gradually build a “double-nuclear” business pattern driven by the value-driven nature of full-asset operations, by the use of Internet-based big data, and by large-scale retail companies as important growth poles.
We believe that the new five-year strategic plan, as well as the in-depth application of the big data, will enhance the performance of companies in the future, and that corporate performance as a whole is largely in line with our expectations.
Focus on the recovery of corporate interest margins and the increase in revenue. We expect corporate performance in 2017 to be on par with growth, maintaining a firm’s higher investment rating.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of rating ratios for relevant reports in the market: Analysis of rating ratios for related reports in the market
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.