On 10 February, the company published its annual report for 2017. In 2017, the company achieved an operating income of 10.42 billion yuan, an increase of 79.14 per cent.
Realization of the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company is 2,366 million yuan, an increase of 1.88 per cent over the same period, and a basic gain of $2.12 per share. The company proposes a transfer of 10 to 8 yuan, 6.9 yuan (including taxes). Of this amount, the operating income for the fourth quarter was 2,885 million yuan, an increase of 69.15 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 553 million yuan, a steady increase in profits compared with the fall in profits, and a result of the logic of surcharges.
\triangleright grew by 132.4%, and each earns about $320. Against the backdrop of a general decline in intra-business corporate earnings, the firm achieved a significant increase in revenue and a small increase in net profits through a rapid expansion of production capacity and sales, in order to achieve the logic of surcharge.
In 2017, the company created 41 fully-owned farms, seizing the most suitable land resources for pig farming in the eight provinces of China.
Standardized production creates competitive advantages in costs, management, and technology, with an emphasis on intelligent pig-breeding layout and consolidation of the industry. The number of fully-financed subsidiaries of pig-breeding groups has now reached 80. The number of major construction projects in 2017 increased by 4,388 million, or 76.06 per cent, compared with 76.06 per cent in the current period, while the number of pigs born was 12 million, or 66 per cent in the same period.
The company’s subsistence farming model is extremely cost-effective. Pigsy is significantly above the industry average; food production in Henan Province is based on the advantage of procuring raw materials; in addition, the company has set up a “pastoral food trade” to meet growing procurement needs and reduce procurement costs per capita.
More than 3,000 head weights, with a significant labour cost advantage. We maintain the same judgement that the price of pigs fell throughout the year 2018. But environmental requirements are becoming more stringent, objectively delaying the recovery of total production capacity, with a limited expected decline in the price of pigs and a projected annual average price of 14 yuan/kg. The full cost of corporate farming is around $11.5, and the low-cost advantage will ensure that companies can maintain a certain margin of profit during the life cycle of the pig price.
A variety of financing supports the growth of firms in reverse positions. \triangleright supplements corporate cash flows through the issuance of bonds, targeted increases and priority shares, and cash generated from 2017 fund-raising activities
Companies use diversified financing, with adequate cash flows providing sufficient financial support for productive expansion, enabling companies to cope with downward pressure on pigs’ cycles. The risk of price volatility, poor levels of growth, and the risk of disease, among other things.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The Boeing Award is the top ten prizes for the excellent combination (seventh place).
A Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies