Shenwon shares (002714) show a high growth rate on schedule, and the future of the city is expected to continue to rise.
During the reporting period, there was a rapid expansion in the capacity of the company, with pig production increasing by more than 130 per cent on the same scale, with 41 newly established fully-owned affiliates of the farm block established in 2017.
By the end of 2017, the number of fully-owned farms had reached 80. The company is expected to benefit from a higher concentration as a result of the company’s rules of production and operation, as compared to its 300-year-old trend.
In 2015, the number of pig-breeding enterprises nationwide was approximately 4,656 million, of which only 265,000 (compared to 0.57 per cent) were registered, while the number of pig-breeding enterprises with 50,000 or more was 261.
The stock market is ranked second in the number of companies, increasing the concentration of the beneficiary sectors.
The company is a high-quality pig-breeding company that feeds itself, keeps growing, feeds, breeds and breeds, reduces the transaction costs of the middle, and effectively avoids inequalities in demand in the market for fodder, pigs, etc.
Given the impact of volatility on company production, which makes the entire production process manageable, and increases the company’s ability to resist market risks, the company’s farm costs are significantly lower than those of other companies. With its excellent cost-control system and the continuous release of disease-control capabilities and capacity, the city’s share is expected to increase.
The company is a high-quality firm in the pig-breeding industry, with excellent cost-control capabilities, sufficient land and financial resources, a dollar equivalent of 19.8 times, 18.7 times, and 16.3 times more, maintaining a firm’s “very recommended” rating. The price of pig-breeding has fallen sharply, an outbreak has occurred, the company’s productive capacity has not been released as expected, and food prices have risen significantly.
1. In-depth report: Chen Baidu, Master of Technology and Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Convergence Democratic Securities Institute, research in light industry and listed companies, Wang Ling, Head of Agroforestry and Fisheries Group, Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined civil securities in 2017.
Liu, Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Finance, joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry and listed companies. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not influenced by any third party.