High performance rate maintained, new products continued to break out: 23 February, Sealight Information released a 2023 performance report, and business harvest in 2023 \triangleright \triangleright
The net profit from non-mortality is 1,135 million yuan, an increase of 51.73 per cent in the same year. Of this total, 4q23-quarter companies actually increased by 138.26 per cent and the ring increased by 60.94 per cent in the same year.
\triangleright maintain high levels of R & D inputs, enhance competitive edge of products through technological innovation, and continue to increase in income and Maori rates and achieve sustained performance.
Upgraded demand is conducive to increasing corporate profitability. Business earnings grew by 17.3 per cent in 2023 over the same period, the rapid growth of the industry and the significant increase in the demand for arithmetic, and the company’s performance as a leader in the national production of cpu and dpu is expected to continue to grow.
Increased innovation and successful product development. Companies have focused on upgrading research and development and producing \triangleright products for high-end processors, increasing technological innovation and increasing the number of research and development personnel.
The series of products has been upgraded at an accelerated pace, with increasing functionality, advanced performance, security credibility, ecological integrity, etc. The cpu series, Sealight III, was placed on the market in the first half of 2023, and was widely recognized for its excellent performance, achieving faster growth, with the first wave of self-researched cpu microstructure, Sealight IV, in 2023.
Successfully released in the second half of the year, accelerating the process of nationalization of the core instruments, Sealight Five is in the research and development phase; dcu is the product of deep counting 2 in q3 and commercials in the fields of big data, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, and advanced research and development is progressing well.
The company actively integrates into open-source communities at home and abroad, offers tailoring and optimization programmes for sealight cpu, sealight dcu, supports mainstream operating systems at home and abroad, ensures compatibility of high-end sealight processors in open-source ecology, and initially develops on the basis of sealight cpu and sea light dcu
The company has now been supported by a number of domestic customers, such as connoisseur, purple light, and sharpness, by a 2023 sealight information (688041.sh), which has successfully developed multiple sealight processor-based servers, which are widely used on various national production servers and on the Internet.
The company also works with wave, Xinhua, co-authors, and expands on key areas such as transport, electricity, cloud services, and effectively promotes industrial development, and is expected to expand into more areas in the future and further upgrades them.
2. Sealight Information (688041.sh) Incident Review: National Production High-end Processor Re-upgrading, Sealight IV Product Releases - 2023/11/Import Recommendations: Corporate Product Advantages continue to rise, Goods are better off, and we raise Company Profit Forecasts,
3. Sealight Information (688041.sh) reported mid-2023: rating: 1q23 performance bright, cpu+dcu co-development 2023/04/26
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or opinions in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.