hygoninformationtechnology(688041) x86cpuleaderedbyarticleapplication innovation, withaiunlockingdcupotential
It's not like I'm the only one who's in the middle of it.
#importsubstitution investmentthesis
the domesticleaderinx86cpus, afront-runnerindomesticaichipproduction. hygobobtainedamx86architecturetechnologiathoralizationin 2016 and indeepentlyiterateeduponitontolaunchself-developedcpusanddcuducts.from
2018 to 2022, hygon'srevenuegrew106times, reachingrm5.125bnin2022withnet maretdata profitofrmb804mn.withethancedeconomiesofcale,weexpecthygon'sprofitability
The company hasgainedrecognitionfromfincinal,
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do something about it.
I'm going to have to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office, and I'm going to my office, and I'm going to go back to my office.
We projectthat by 2027, soandcentralgovernmentagenitiesmayachiecomprehensivelocalization. in 2022, China'sservationmountedtoappromitately 4.48millionunits, with
Government/industryinnovation processesreashing0 52/2.06millionunits repossessively.ecologically, hygoncpusarecompatiblewithcurrentlymet achitectureproducts, andusinghygonproducescanchieveamlesstrancyofupper-
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ The ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
I've got 50% of the support program available in the coming years.onct17th,theusepartmentofcompmerceannouncedplansto
I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it, and I've been working on it.
Sobstitution.hygonisat theforefrontofomesticaichimpufacturersandisexpected tofulbenefitfromtheacceleratemportsubstitutionofichips.ecologially, hygon's zijingwang andshijie
Like "environment.intermsofperformance, hygondcu'sfp64performanceofdeep"
I mean, I'm not sure I'm gonna be able to do this, but I'm not gonna be able to do that, but I'm not gonna be able to do that.
It's not like you're the only one who's going to do it, but you're going to have to do it.
Sealight Information (688041) letter creation x 86cpu head, one opens dcu wide, February 29th, 2024.
Keywords: #Import Substitute 86cpu Head of the National X86cpu, First Platoon of National Chips: Sealight Information was technically authorized to amdx86 architecture in 2016, and on this basis it achieved autonomy and self-research.
In 2018-2022, the sea light harvest increased 106 times, and in 2022, the revenue was $5,125 million, resulting in a net profit of $804 million for the mother. As scale increases, corporate profitability will continue to grow.
In 2021, the Internet generated $200 million in revenue, created a business innovation that opened up the country's cpu market space, and led the company's performance ecological lead: x86 server cores.
On the other hand, according to idc data, in 2020 the x86 server accounted for 97% of the total server output, with a significant ecological advantage. In 2020, the Chinese X86 server chip volume was as high as 6.98 million pieces, and the sales of sealight cpu were about 3.75%.
In 2022, there were about 4.48 million servers in China, of which the government and industry produced a total of 52/206 million. On the ecological side, sealight architecture products, using sealight products, allow seamless top-level applications to be switched, with less risk of migration.
On the technical side, sealight has absorbed the technology authorized for the md, and it has moved autonomously to Sealight 4, which is close to the mainstream international product. ai technological changes combined with overseas sanctions, and corporate dcu operations are opening up opportunities: demand side, meta, meta, etc.
At the end of the production phase, power generation is expected to increase by more than 50% without a few years of ai chips. The US Department of Commerce announced on October 17 that it was planning to limit the sale of a800 and ah800 to China, and that there is an urgent need for national production.
In terms of performance, it is expected that the first batch of home-grown chips will benefit fully from the accelerated nationalization of the ai chip. On the ecological side, the sea light dcu is based on the gpgpu structure, compatible with the common “cuda” environment.
In the case of commercial applications, the company’s dcu product is a product.
In particular, thanks go to Ma Sky Wing, Wang Yijun and Wang for having been certified by Internet companies like 100 and Ali ... and for having launched a joint program.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company owns two leading products: cpu and dcu. On the cpu side, follow-up on industry innovation is accelerating, and the company cpu is based on x86 and is the main force for server replacement.
Quick, a national chip manufacturer has a historic opportunity. The company's dcu products are in the first line of ecology. On this basis, we expect a net return profit in 2023-2025 to be a national product x 86cpu, respectively, and the dcu opens the second growth curve.
Sealight Information is an autonomous R & D based on the mdx86 technology authorization for the design and sale of chip designers in cpu and dcu. The company’s main products include the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and Sealight Concord Processor (dcu) series, which are mainly used on high-end servers and are directed to complex applications such as data centres, cloud computing, etc.
The 3000 series is used mainly for workstations and peripheral computing servers, for entry-level computing. Sealight dcu is a type of gpgpu, mainly 8,000 series, deployed mainly in server clusters or data centres.
In 2022, the sea light camp grew by more than 100 per cent a year, mainly as a result of the rapid growth in industry and the market recognition of corporate products. The increase in the scale effect and product overlap has led to an increase in the Māori rate.
The digestion of authorized technologies has been achieved, and autonomy has been achieved. In March 2016, the company launched the Hae-I design based on the md enabling technology, and in April 2018, Hae-I achieved mass production. In January 2020, Hae-I achieved volume production. Sealight III was released in 2022 and commercialized. Sealight IV was launched in 2023.
Sealight Five. The company has completed the digestion of the technology authorized for the md, and on this basis it has achieved production performance at a national level, gradually narrowing the gap between the international and national levels. Compared with domestic products, the sea lightcpu is better than or equal to the remaining five domestic cpu indicators, such as superwire, memory, RAM, pcie, etc.
In comparison with overseas products, an intel series of products published in the same time as sealight 7295 in 2020, a combination of the market positioning of processors, the core number, the price of products sold, and so on, there is a difference in performance at the top of high-end products compared to sealight compared to intel, but basically the same as those in the mainstream.
3. The first echelons of the national production of the ai chip, benefiting from the i-changes and overseas sanctions, may well exceed market expectations for the i-chip. According to the latest edition of China ' s artificial intelligence calculations 2023-2024.
In China, the market for artificial intelligence servers is expected to reach $9.1 billion in 2023, an increase of 82.5 per cent, and $13.4 billion in 2027.
The US Department of Commerce announced on October 17, 2023 that it plans to restrict the sale of more advanced ai chips to China. The new policy will restrict the export of nvidiaa 800 and h800 chips. The ichi chip is impending, and many policies support the ii chip nationalization.
Ai Chips: Beijing has issued a policy that explicitly promotes a breakthrough in home-grown artificial intelligence chips. It actively guides large modeling enterprises in the development of home-grown artificial intelligence chips and accelerates the increase in national production rates for the supply of artificial intelligence. Shanghai expands the national production chip application and promotion of the national production algorithm framework. Autonomy is an inherent requirement for the development of arithmetic industries.
Sealight is the first line of the national production of the ai chip. Nationally produced ai chip manufacturers are mostly armed with cold-war rules, glorified, immobilized, preponderant, and so on, but there are still differences in the performance of their products from abroad.
Sealight dcu, based on the gpgpu structure, is compatible with the generic "cuda" environment and is mainly used in the area of computational cryptography and artificial intelligence. Deep Count 2 has been released in q3 and has been commercialized in the fields of big data, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, and deep Count 2 has full-precision float point data and a variety of common integer data computing capabilities.
In commercial applications, the company’s dcu product has been certified by 100% of Internet companies, including Ali, and a joint programme has been launched to build a national whole-of-the-box infrastructure of hardware and software.
On the cpu side, the industry's innovations will continue to grow faster, and the company's cpu based on x86 is the main force for the replacement of the industry's credit server. On the dcu side, the demand for arithmetic has burst, the trend of national production has accelerated, the country's home-grown chip industry has come up with historic opportunities, and the company's dcu product performance is at the ecological level.
The development and operation of public computing platforms, and the domesticization of the ai chip, require strong policy support, and if policy support is not as strong as expected, the progress of industry development will be compromised. Technology development is less than expected.
The increase in the demand for arithmetic is due mainly to the rapid development of the ai technology, and if it slows down, the need for arithmetic will decrease.
I am presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and all the views contained in the report accurately reflect my personal views on the securities or issuers mentioned; my specific proposals or views contained in this report are past, present or future.
Past performance is not considered an indicator or a guarantee of future performance, nor is it correct.