On 2 January, the Sealight Information released a performance forecast for 2023, which is expected to reach 100 million yuan in the year 2023, an increase of 46.9 per cent-64.3 per cent over the year; and 1055-195 million yuan in net profit from non-return to the mother, a comparison.
cpu and dpu, driven by two-wheel drive, have continued to grow. In 2023, the company continued to roll out new products and now sell volumes, with full client recognition and continued growth in corporate income and Maori rates, thus increasing its current company performance faster.
The firm’s performance as the leader of the country’s cpu and dpu is expected to continue to grow, with strong R & D inputs and growing competitive edges for its products.
The number of R & D personnel has increased steadily, with total R & D investment in companies in the first three quarters of 2023 amounting to $1.961 billion, always maintaining high levels of R & D investment. The company ' s cpu and dcu series of products has accelerated their upgrading, increasing their functionality, and has the advantage of advanced performance, security credibility, and ecological integrity.
Sealight III, a listed product, was placed on the market in the first half of the year, improving the structure of the company ' s products and achieving faster growth, with the launch of Sealight IV in the second half of the year, using a self-research microstructure, and the launch of Sealight V in the research and development phase; and the dcu series II was successfully released in q3 and achieved in big data, artificial intelligence, commercial computing
In the commercial sector, R & D is progressing well, building up the ecological chain of home-grown software and hardware for industrial co-development. The company is actively building on the light of the sea \triangleright.
cpu and sealight dcu’s home-grown software and hardware ecological chain, supporting mainstream operating systems at home and abroad, and providing adaptation and optimization programmes applicable to sealight cpu and dcu, which guarantee the co-morbidity of high-end sealight processors in open-source ecology.
1. Sealight Information (688041.sh) Incident evaluation: high-end national production, development of multiple sealight processor-based servers, extensive application to various types of national production servers and workstations, re-upgrading of public processors, release of Sealight IV products - 2023/11/Add.1.
The Division has also worked with leading domestic companies to promote the industrialization of corporate products in such important areas as transport, electricity, and cloud services. It is expected that, as the promotion of corporate products increases, high-end processors produce 2. Sealight Information (688041.sh) will report in mid-2023:
The product will be expanded to more applications and will further increase the market share of the company. Investment advice: corporate product advantage will continue to rise, delivery pace will be better, and we will raise corporate profit forecasts, \triangleright
3. Sealight Information (688041.sh) Quarterly Reportpoint 2023: 1q23 Performance Highlighting, cpu+dcu co-issued 4. Sealight Information (688041.sh) Annual Report 2022:
5. Sealight Information (688041.sh) covers for the first time the report: Trust methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.