Sealight Information (688041) Computer q4 performance maintained high growth and repurchase initiated to highlight development confidence at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company released its annual performance report for 2023, which is expected to generate operating income of $6.01 billion, an increase of 17.3 per cent over the year; a net profit of $1.26 billion for the mother, an increase of 57.1 per cent over the same period; and an increase in income innovation and profitability for the first quarter of the non-repatriation q4.
This represents an increase of 58.5 per cent over the same period; a net return of 360 million yuan, an increase of 138.3 per cent over the same year, and a net gain of 300 million yuan for non-repatriation, an increase of 108.3 per cent over the same period, with higher income innovation in a single quarter of the company, accompanied by an increase in sales, a further increase in the Māori ratio and the release of profit elasticity.
*aigc is inexorably developed, and self-calculation is moving to the stage of gold development. The latest post video-generation model, sora, is still in high demand for arithmetic under the size code; at the same time, the importance and urgency of self-calculation was raised again in October 2023, along with the tightening of export restrictions on artificial intelligence-related chips in the United States.
On February 19, 2024, the National Investment Commission held a thematic workshop on artificial intelligence, which proposed initiatives such as increasing investment in infrastructure and accelerating the construction of centres of intelligence. Companies, as the country’s scarce cpu+dcu, involve manufacturers, and there are barriers to competition between generations in terms of performance, ecology, autonomy, etc.
The total amount of this buyback is not less than $300 million and does not exceed $500 million; the repurchase price is not more than $107.95 per share, and the repurchase is expected to take place.
0.98. Companies are competitively competitive with the country’s scarce cpu+dcu designers, “performance + ecology + safety” and are expected to continue to expand their market share in line with the current trend of autonomous +ai technology breakthroughs.
On the move, the national core lead company (2023-04-20) adjusted the disclosure caliber from the 2022 annual report, merging the 7,000 series, 5000 series, 3,000 series cpu with the 8,000 series dcu into the “high end processor”.
Assumption 1: With the opening and deepening of the IT industry, domestic server purchases in key areas such as finance, telecommunications and so forth have entered a rapid penetration phase, the company server cpu's new product has a strong market position and is expected to maintain high-speed release. Assumption 2: With the increase in ai's arithmetic demand, the build-up of the Euro-American ban on high-end gpu exports to the country, the company's dcu products are performing,
Assumption 3: Average unit prices of corporate products are expected to increase continuously with the roll-out of new-generation cpu and dcu products. A combination of chip design industry and downstream autonomous and controlled track opportunities is considered, with the selection of dragon cores, typhoids, technology, etc.
In 2024, it was 161 times higher than the average of companies and 114 times higher than the average of companies; 26 times higher than the average of companies and 23 times lower than the average of industries.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.