The price of photovoltaic membrane has risen, and the expansion of capacity has continued.
32.61 per cent increase in net profits attributable to the parent company of 957 million yuan, or 27.39 per cent increase in the same year, q achieving operating income of 1,787 million yuan in the fourth quarter, or 27.76 per cent increase in the same year; 365 million yuan in net profits attributable to the parent company, or 9.84 per cent decrease in the same year; and net profits attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders after deduction
The release of domestic installed aircraft will be accelerated with long-term improvements in overseas markets 30.1gw, a 32.0 per cent decrease in the capacity of the new photovoltaic network installed in the country in 2019, resulting in a larger number of project years due to the late introduction of the 19th policy and less than six months of project construction
It is impossible to access the net before the bottom, and the subsidy arrears have led to a decline in the incentives for private investors to invest, with the revenue structure (2019a) at the end of the year actually adding up to one-third of the target size.
The seizure may be delayed, but the 2020 policy was issued earlier and the cost of photovoltaic construction was fast.
In September 2018, Europe lifted the price restrictions on China ' s photovoltaic products, which contributed to the increase in domestic exports, and in 2019 China ' s foreign market demand continued to rise.
Exports amounted to 63.5gw a year. Although the new crown spreads more rapidly overseas, with some impact in the short term, the cost of a rapid decline in photovoltaic power will make it more competitive in the long run, and the global capacity of new photovoltaics will continue to grow better.
The company's photovoltaic film business continued to grow rapidly, selling 749 million square metres in 2019, an increase of 28.88 per cent in the same year and generating operating income of $5.695 billion.
The reason for this is an increase in sales of white eva and poe. On the photovoltaic backboards, the Division sold 49,671.69 million square metres in 19, an increase of 15.57 per cent in the same year, generating $527 million, while selling prices continued to decline, with an average price of only $10.26 per square metre per quarter, down from the same period in 18 years.
10.39 per cent. Prices of raw materials fluctuated relatively low, prices of eva resins, sequesters were closer to the same period of 18 years, and prices of pet membrane continued to decline.
Although the company sold 1,029.10 million square metres in 19 years, a decrease of 22.77 per cent in the same year, the sale of electronic materials increased explosively by 1,423.5 million square metres, an increase of 83.79 per cent in the same year. This was a result of the company’s smooth progress in the production of photoresilient membranes, which succeeded in breaking through deep south circuits,
There has been an increase in sales of high-end ldi membranes, large domestic pcb customers, such as congener electrons. The photo-covering membranes, low-depletion fccl, etc. are also being developed on an ongoing basis.
The accelerated process of construction of the photo-dry film project, the pre-preparation and civil construction of photo-voltaic membrane at the Tianzhou base, and the expansion of photo-film at the Thai base, will further maintain and expand the global market share of the PV film and the capacity of new materials to produce, thereby safeguarding the company ' s long-term growth.
Policies in the photovoltaic sector have fallen short of expectations; the international situation has changed; demand in overseas markets has fallen short of expectations; industry price wars have occurred; customers have failed to pay back as expected; and new materials have not progressed as expected.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.