\triangleright Water decomposition, voltage load, q3 expected repair: 16,819 million Utund water up to 2q23 \triangleright
(a) Fumi, which is 39.2 per cent dead compared to the same period in the previous year; a water supply of approximately 71,705 million cubic metres from three gorge reservoirs downstream, representing a decrease of 44.4 per cent compared to the previous year, and Utund, which is a decline of 39.8 per cent compared to 5,921 million kilowatt-hours;
22.7%. From 8 to 25 August, six power stations in the corporate basin generated more than 1 billion kilowatts per day for 18 consecutive days, and a record 1,468 million kilowatts on 25 August. As of 30 August, the three gorge reservoirs had a heavy water supply.
Billions of cubic metres, an increase of 6.4 billion cubic metres over the same year, an increase of 3.6 billion cubic metres over the end of June, improved water from watersheds, q3 electricity is expected to be repaired.
White crane beach electricity fell, q2 degree electric camp increased: on 20 April, the National Development and Reform Commission approved \triangleright su, Zhent high voltage transmission and distribution prices, benefiting from higher and retroactive rates of electricity delivery from white crane beach, q2 company level electrical camp
7.09/kWh rise in the same year to 0.3271/kWh increase, 27.7 per cent increase in ring growth The development of integrated water windlight development is expected to accelerate: after the Ubek injection is completed, the company ' s hydroelectric loader will run from 45.595 million \triangleright
The growth is 717.95 million kilowatts, or 57.5%. With large hydropower, pumping energy, water and wind reserves are reported in the first quarter of 2023: performance, red and red are expected to be high, development of in-kind renewable energy is expected to be the focus of corporate development, and the company’s water and light base is now steadily advancing under gold.
We've already started construction of the Gansu Zhang and Chongqing Vegetable Dam extraction project, and the Group Long Mountain extraction project has been handed over to 3.0090.sh for the Yangtze power event: power supply.
Q3 power is expected to be repaired as the Yangtze basin improves.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.