At the end of June, a total of 32.907 billion cubic metres of water came from the Utunde reservoir in the upper Yangtze River, with the same ratio.
22.89 per cent; the total amount of water coming from the three gorge reservoirs is approximately 12,36.23 billion cubic metres, which is 30.27 per cent dead.
Performance is influenced by the same water ratio and increased financial costs, which is about 20 billion cubic metres higher than the same amount of water held in the level reservoir, which is about 16 billion cubic metres higher than in the previous year, as well as other upstream currents, which are better than in the same period. At the same time, according to company announcements, it is expected that the period will be full.
The company is actively promoting the development of a large integrated water storage base in the lower Jinsha River.
In terms of capacity, the company has now locked up nearly 40 million kilowatts of resources for the power extraction plant project. After the Gansu Jang Juan project (worked, installed 1.4 million kilowatts) and the Chongqing festival project (worked, installed 1.2 million kilowatts), the company will match the electricity grid requirements and securely comply with the project's resource availability.
With regard to the integration of wind and water, the company focuses on water based on large hydropower, the development of integrated renewable energy bases for wind and light, and the development of a model for the development of “dump water storage plus new energy” operations. Taken together, the company actively promotes the foundation for the integration of “water and light storage” downstream of the Jinsha River.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use research that does not have a risk level higher than “medium- and high-risk” and that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our division, and that they have either the qualifications or the considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and are known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.