The petrochemicals team is expected to improve the profitability of the interest rate hikes due to water wear-downs. 1. "The Yangtze Power Company evaluates that the U.B. infusion has increased its performance, with a red rate exceeding expectations."
In 2023, there was a significant shift in water + a high base for the same period last year, and the company's power generation was of equal value. 2023.4.28 fell. The Yangtze River basin continued to depreciate from 3q23 to 1h23 Uttar Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.
2. " Waterborne Drainage Impacts Short-Term Performance, Expanding Pulse for New Growth - Yangtze Power " , 3rd Gorge Water Pools, 22.9% and 30.3% respectively respectively; in addition, Upstream 3rd Quarterly Review, 2022.10.31
3. "q2 water abundance for growth, Ubek injection for expected - low power in Yangtze, resulting in a ratio of 1h23 power generation to 16.9 per cent, of which 2q22 water is significant
As a result of the biased base effect, the hydroelectric capacity of 2q23 was the same as -38.3 per cent. Water from the Yangtze River basin has improved markedly since the entry, although the low base for extreme water decomposition over the same period last year, taking into account the need to replenish the reservoirs or to delay the generation of electricity to be repaired.
Under this scenario, 3023 companies are expected to double their production capacity by the same ring. Revenue from the main battalion’s operations fell by less than the same amount, indicating a rise in the same price of electricity on the Internet.
In addition, the company ' s marketed electricity benefits from Yunnan, Sichuan ' s local power supply, and from tight electricity supply and demand in the city of the Ministry of Electricity.
With the full depreciation of crane beaches to squeeze profit space, interest-rate reduction is expected to ease financial pressure. Hydropower as a heavy asset industry, costs are reported mainly for depreciation and financial costs.
The full depreciation of the crane beach hydroelectric plant during the reporting period resulted in a significant increase in operating costs, while the M&A company increased the same size of the real interest-bearing liability of 1h23 by $215.7 billion and the same financial cost by +37.4 per cent, further contributing to the company ' s performance.
The company’s performance is expected to improve as a result of the water infusion and 2h23 improvements. We expect the company’s water availability to fall short of expectations, electricity prices short of expectations, new business expansion short of expected risks, etc.
Within one week, within two months, within three months, and within six months.