The water is expected to improve in the second half of the year.
The company published its semi-annual report in 2023, which generated $30,975 million in revenue in the first half of the year, leading to a substantial increase in the net operating cash flow due to poor performance.
Cost rate of 20.31 per cent (year-on-year +12.28pc), mainly due to the increase in the size of the interest-bearing liability of the M & A company, the corresponding increase in interest costs and the same decrease in the capitalization of interest;
In the second half of 2023, the company tried to deal with the same water deficit and low running water levels in the Yangtze River in the first half of the year.
Critical challenges such as the continued downstream recharge of the ladder reservoirs, with a total of 10,321.4 million kilowatt-hours generated by the six ladder stations (year-on-year-on-six.9 per cent); a total of 47,616 million kilowatt-hours generated in the second quarter (year-on-year-on-38.3 per cent). In the second half of the year, the El Niño climate affected electricity generation.
The marginality of power improved significantly, with a 17.5% decline in national hydroelectric power generation in July, and a smaller gain of 16.4 pct than in June, with electricity power expected to rise back to the bottom. Uber infused 57% of the build-up loader, and six-bureau combined to achieve further efficiency gains.
In April 2023, the company completed an injection of the Utungde, White Crane Beach power station, increasing its total installed capacity from 45,595,000 kilowatts to 71,795,000 kilowatts (57,46 per cent of the increase), with a four-bureau combined expansion to six-bureau combined, which could provide electricity through further ironing of water discrepancies during the drying and water-rich periods.
According to the investor's research, 2023 was the first full year of the six-bureau alliance, benefiting in the first quarter from the Utunde and White Crane Beach power stations, which generated 1.5 billion kilowatt-hours of additional power by co-mobilization, and is expected to generate an additional 6-7 billion tons of electricity through the six-bureau alliance throughout the year.
Expanding the integration of “waterlight storage” and opening up the second growth curve of the new track, the company, while insisting on a strong hydroelectric mastership, is actively engaged in upstream and downstream industrial chains and strategic investments in related emerging areas: building on the company's core capacity for large hydropower support, high-quality layout
and the promotion of pumping energy storage operations, targeting 30-40 million kilowatts (kW) of the project's resources, and the successful start of the construction of the Centre's first pumping plant, the Gansu Jang Pumping plant: active promotion of integrated renewable energy development of the “waterwind” downstream of the Jinsha River, the first new energy station in 2022.
Investing in production; promoting smart and integrated energy operations, innovatively launching of an integrated urban green and integrated energy housekeeper model, and active development of a “source-net charger.” Water is less than expected; electricity prices on the Internet are lower; and project construction is not as fast as expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021 for research in the public utility sector.