The company disclosed its semi-annual report for 2021, during which it achieved operating income of $467 million, compared to the same period.
Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses of $1,290 million, an increase of 8.11 per cent over the same period;
On 31 July 2020, the holding subsidiary, Kawah, made a financial completion of the acquisition of the HFA package, and on the basis of the total amount of electricity generated by the company, its operating income and the same period last year's total revenue were added to the Goeung Hill power plant.
In 2019, the company acquired 60 per cent of the shares of Tungshang Hydropower Development Co. Ltd., holding the share in the development of the Silver River hydroelectric plant, and the project is currently under construction, with a capacity of 370,000 kilowatts (kW) and will contribute to the increase in performance in the postnatal period.
During the first half of the year, the company ' s production performance was normal and its business performance continued to grow; the company ' s share-in-the-power company, Yagi River Hydropower, Chen Xing and the National Power River generated electricity with slight fluctuations, and the overall profitability of the enterprise was stable.
The company is a listed company in the hydropower industry under the Sichuan Investment Group and is the only listed public authority holding shares in the Kawakawa Investment Group, which was placed on the market in 1993. As of 30 June 2021, the company's total installed capacity was held and held by the company.
29,82 million kilowatts, or 9.8 million kilowatts. 48% of Yagi River hydropower in the company’s share is the company’s core asset, and the Yai River hydroelectric station is currently built for the Yang Diwan, the two estuary hydroelectric station, and the other five in the middle. The proposed hydroelectric plant is expected to be operational by 2025.
So far, two units have been completed, with a combined capacity of 750,000 kW; the first crew was completed in October. In addition, according to the company's announcement, the construction of the hydroelectric plant at the two estuaries could increase the number of 28 West Avenue, Peace.
We estimate that in 2022, 2023, the net profits of the owner of the two Yang Power Stations were about 18%, and 1,000th Hengsheng Building on the Land Gate.
Fukuwa, Fukuda, is a tax-free company that maintains the Sichuan Free Trade Test Zone.
17th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, 17th floor, Junction Avenue, Cheng City Highland, which maintains the company's “uptake” rating.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.