Adding electricity to the table, gradually releasing the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: the company published its semi-annual 2021 report, which generated operating income of $470 million, a year-on-year increase.
One hundred and twenty-one million yuan, or 8.1 per cent of the same year, achieved business income of 250 million yuan, an increase of 83 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of 670 million yuan, a decline of 7.4 per cent in the same year, a decline in profits of 2021q2 was mainly due to water dehydration and a decline of 12.9 per cent in electricity generation.
At 0.22 yuan/kWh, there was a decline of 9.8 per cent in the same year, and the increase in electricity generation and access to the Internet is mainly due to the financial co-financing of the Sinda hydroelectric asset package, which represents a significant increase in the volume of electricity generated and connected to the four additional power plants, as compared to the new entries for the same period last year.
The decrease is mainly due to the fact that Sichuan Electricity Company, during the same period last year, used the full amount of January-May electricity on the Internet at the price of the priority contracts Pre-arranged: the amount of electricity under the water priority contract was lower than in the same period last year: and the portion of the water deficit in 2021 rolled over to the December settlement, the combination of which resulted in average electricity prices in the current period being higher than in the same period last year.
But the company's 2021h1 access to electricity has increased more than the price of electricity, so the company's income is so high that the Yagi River's squad has started shipping, and its performance has gradually been released. The 14.7 million kW installed at the Yajang downstream power station has been fully developed, and the midstream is about 1,185,000 kW, and due to the large shortfall in the actual loading of all post-partum units.
In June 2021, two estuaries (three million kilowatts) began the second phase of the debunking of the water; in June-July 2021, two aircraft units were launched in the Yang Trench (1.5 million kilowatts), with a total of 750,000 dollars in production, and 50 per cent of the plan was completed in the second half of the year and next year.
As of 2021h1, the company's total power supply will be increased.
1. Hashian energy drop-out (600674). The main industry has risen at a steady price, with 2,982 thousand kW (excluding the three gorges ' new energy sources), 9.8 million kW equity installed, combined with a combined total asset of $4,423 billion, acquisition of multi-roads acquisition (2021-04-22)
2. With the company ' s strategic M&A acquisition of high-quality hydropower assets, the company is growing its capital. 2. Irrigation of energy (600674); The power and water masters have a clear advantage, producing and stifling the company ' s business, providing beneficial growth in the company ' s performance.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.