Second half-yearly report: performance exceeded expectations, business quality maintained, research assistant Zhang Wen-jae increased by 11.67 per cent; mother ' s net profit increased by $483 million, or 37.05 per cent, compared to the previous year; net profit from non-mother ' s return was deducted
▪ Overperformance and continuous improvement in the quality of business: 2022h1 company revenues of $5,023 billion, an increase of $1 billion, an increase of 46 per cent in the same year, supermarket expectations, mainly 1) company high-end computer operations continued to improve, with an overall Māori ratio of 2022h1 of 23,99 per cent, a ratio of +2.26 ptt; net parent interest rate
Performance is impressive, with net return to mothers of 476 million yuan and $23 million, respectively, increasing the return on investment.  Sealight profitability has increased significantly: Ocean Light Information 2,022h1 won 2,530 million yuan, an increase of 343 per cent, and Mothers of 476 million yuan, a loss of profit. Sealight is projected to be lost in January-September 2022.
The share of nationally produced inputs is expected to double. x86 Directives collect ecological support for the industry best. Sealight is the country’s scarce producer with the authorization of x86, with performance and compatibility on the first ladder, and will benefit fully from the rapid pace of industrial innovation.
Over $5 billion and 28% of the world’s light will be held by China and China, and with the rapid increase in sea light information performance and a significant increase in profitability in the future, it will continue to drive a rapid increase in the return on Chinese investment. The advantages of high performance calculations are significant: companies will continue to strengthen their core product R&D investments and upgrade their self-research and softness.
In the area of high-end computing, multi-server and workstations based on national processors have been developed; in the area of operating systems, the newer version 5.0 desktop operating system of the participating enterprises has been installed at the Integrated Pre-assembly Software Centre, which transports both national 2000 software and open-source software.
Middle Science Dawn (603019): In 2022, a single-storage system will be able to break through the maximum storage capacity and performance in the industry.
Building on many years of leading technology in the field of high-performance computing, companies are involved in the construction of the Chongqing data centre, the design of a number of advanced data centres, such as the Advanced Data Centre in the Western (Gongqing) Science City of the Cluster, and the “5a level” IQC programme provides tangible guarantees for local numeracy and the ecological prosperity of the industry.
And strong support. As the 14th Five-Five New Capital and the East-West Planner came to the ground, Middle East Dawn (603019): a little overperformance as a domestic high-performance calculator, a high technical barrier, a future in advanced computing centers and
The market anticipates that the new capital potential will continue to be released. There is significant potential for competition in new infrastructure projects such as the IQC, where the Māori rate of the project is higher than in general data and is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company's 2022-2024 ps forecast for high growth, we look forward to the company's development in the new capital market as industry leader, and we hope to benefit fully from the industry's innovations and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Three major financial forecasts for China and China, and East Wu Securities Company, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have been prepared by the Secretary of State for Securities Investments.