On 30 August, the company published its semi-annual report, which generated operating income of $5,023 million during the reporting period.
The company, which was strongly promoted by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and based on the major research results of the national “863” programme, has increased its performance and validated its previous high-profile judgment.
A high-technology enterprise. The company is mainly engaged in research, development, and computer taps, and, in the face of the double benefits of arithmetic growth and domestic substitution, is expected to develop and produce high-performance computers, universal servers and storage.
Opportunities, high performance certainty, 2022h1 companies validated their previous views. By product, companies are high-products and provide software development, system integration and technology services around high-end computers. Companies are high-performance calculations in the country.
The leading companies in the field. The high-performance computer "Star Nebula", developed by Dawn, was the main driver of the 35th Global Super-Calculation, the critical period of digital economy construction during the 1455s, the build-up of the computing infrastructure and national production.
The top 30 million per second of the system in the machine "top 500" replaces the trend and looks forward to the company's continued growth.
Product restructuring optimizes profitability, and business deployment unleashes profit margins. 2022h1 achieved the second largest global achievement of 1.271 billion times, making it the third real-time measure in the world.
The net profit of the mother is now $483 million, an increase of 37.0 per cent over the year, which is much higher than the growth in operating income, with the main primary secondary supercomputers.) One is the restructuring of high-end computer products at the company level, with high end/high Māori sales taking place.
This increase has led to a growing corporate Māori ratio, with 2022H1 high-end computer Māori ratios, the basic business layout starting to release profit margins, and the company's efforts to build high-performance computers in its own industry, debt payments and cross-equity presentations:
In industries such as active layout upstream chips, downstream cloud platforms, the vertical extension of the industrial chain can provide customers with a business synergy for integrated digital complex construction programmes, while also bringing companies an investment return of $101 million for company 2022h1.
Data are important factors of production in the digital economy, new productivity in the digital economy, and future digital economy.
By the end of 2021, the country was using a data centre with a total capacity of more than 10,000 units and a combined capacity of more than 140 eflops.
By the end of 2025, the size of the data centre reached 300 eflops. According to the National Development and Reform Commission, the size of the data centre was 540,000 standard racks, with some 27 million PCs, with investments of more than $190 billion in all aspects.
The chain goes up and down and continues to deep-plough the industry, accumulates a large number of political and business clients, and is expected to capture it in the future. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the demand for arithmetic in the digital economy is expected to continue to grow, the company is the leader of a high-end computer manufacturer, the deep layout of the industry chain goes up and down, and the client is expected to be experienced.
Research Assistant: Jang Young-ja (603019): Performance meets expectations and arithmetic needs continue to rise
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Middle Science Dawn (603019): Performance meets expectations, arithmetic needs continue to rise Sun Qing is familiar with policy hot spots and trend forward analysis in the computer industry and is superior to semiconductors, smart hardware, industrial Internet, cloud computing, block chains, etc.
Research assistant, computer research assistant, B.A. from Central University of Finance and Economics, Master of Finance from Qinghua Province. Joined East Hing Securities in 2020, New Wave 2021
Zhang Youngja, Research Assistant in the Computer Industry, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined East Hing Securities in 2021.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.