The company released its mid-2022 report on operating income of $5,023 million, an increase of 11.67 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of $483 million, an increase of 37.05 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother after deduction.
Cost controls have improved profitability. Business costs increased by 8.28% in the first half of the year, less than the income increase of 3.39 pct, management costs only increased by 1.53%, and cost benefits from good regulation, with corporate Māori rates rising by 2.26 pct to 23.99% from year to year, and net interest rates rising by year to year.
In the first half of the year, the cost of research and development increased by 30.93% over the same period, the cost of research and development was continuously increased to improve the performance of the product, and in the high-end computing domain, the company developed multiple servers and workstations based on domestic processors, all of which passed through the country.
Total equity/flow (millions) Product quality tests in domestic laboratories; in nationally produced components, total market value/flow (millions)
Repository Io module design in the domain and artificial intelligence field; development of bios start-up solids and bmc remote management solids in support of national processors based on open source bios and bmc code up to 12 months/minimum (M) architecture;
In the area of operating systems, the pre-loading software centre of the latest version of the desktop operating system, version 5.0, has been installed to support 2000 national production and open source software. In the area of storage, the annual single storage system capacity is 16pb, with a single storage system of 300pb until 2022.
Intra-business storage capacity and performance ceilings; in the area of cloud computing, companies design and develop cloud operating systems based on national production platforms, fully adapt to nationalized soft and hardware environments, meet network information services security assessment requirements, and support data encryption functions.
In the context of national production, the proportion of products studied by companies and the self-research capability of core components is constantly increasing, and high-end computers, io chips and io modules, bottom-level control solids based on home-grown processors are being developed.
In response to calls from countries for digital economic development, active participation in the construction of the national base of the digital economy, companies have been involved in the design of advanced data centres in several cities, taking advantage of their own industrial resources and technological advantages.
To provide the impetus for regional innovation development and digital transformation; to participate in the construction of the country’s “East and West” data centre complex, Chongqing Scientific City’s Advanced Data Centre. The company’s own competitiveness is increasing in the face of a wave of national production and digital economy.
Investment proposals: The company's realist is the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and has been increasing its investment in research and development over the years, and its own technology is strong. In the era of national production and the digital economy, performance meets expectations, and national production offers industrial opportunities.
Performance meets expectations, nationalization brings industrial opportunities, nationalization brings industrial opportunities
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.