q2 performance remained high, with a rising net interest rate \triangleright gross revenue of $5.023 billion, an increase of 11.67 per cent over the previous year; and a net return of $482 million, an increase over the same period in the previous year
The performance of the second quarter has risen steadily, with net profit returns growing by almost 40% in the single quarter. \triangleright, according to this performance report, grew by 36% over the same period, while performance in the second quarter continued to grow rapidly.
At the same time, the net interest rate of 2022h1 was 10%, an increase of about 2 percentage points over the same period last year. Companies gradually cut off some of their pre-existing low-māori businesses from the industry chain.
The profit chain is set up, and the net interest rate is rising. Watching high-quality core assets under the flag develop in tandem with the company. 1) Benefiting from the IT industry, \triangleright
High-speed growth in their own performance: Sealight Information Caller predicts that the January-September 2022 Sealight Information Kwok Xinyu is expected to work in synergy: there are many high-quality assets under the flag, such as the map of Sino-Sung, dawn count, dawn cloud, no.
It is hoped that the company will continue to work together to enhance its own value. Focusing on policy opportunities, more energy in areas such as national production, and the “East-West accounting.” 1) In terms of high-end home-grown computing and computing, companies have continued to invest in research and development, developing high-end computers, and developing home-grown processor chips.
Io Chips and Io Modules, Bottom Control Solids, etc., break through the core critical technology of high-end computer wholes.
In the area of finance, clients such as two parties, State-owned corporations, policy banks, equity banks, insurance groups, head bonders - 2022/06/23 and exchanges - are corporate anchor customers; 2) the eleventh meeting of the Central Finance and Economics Committee (CFC) has also highlighted the importance of the financial sector.
The Bureau built a new generation of super-county, cloud computing, artificial intelligence platforms, etc., while the “East and West” policy continued to be evaluated: profit margins continued to be optimized, and the success of the first wave was constantly growing.
In keeping with the policy trend, the company's “Great Data Centre for Integrated Ecology” programme could reduce the value of the computing facility to 1.04, while advancing the data centre project's national integrated computing network, such as Kyojin Dynasty, Relong, 3. Central China Sun (603019.sh) in 2021:
The company is a leading domestic firm in the area of innovation and is expected to benefit from the continuous flow of credit in key sectors. 4. China’s performance in 2021 was evaluated at a fast rate of 603019:
Pushing ahead, while maintaining market advantage in operations like overcounting, will continue to benefit from policy trends such as East-West accounting. By cutting off non-performance by 40%, the industry’s credit-creation strategy drives leaders to market sealight information, which is expected to provide companies with an opportunity to reassess their value, and to see companies grow over the long term.
5. Central Science and Light (603019): There is uncertainty about the impact of changes in industry on the demand side of the beneficiary message and digitalization \triangleright.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.