The logic of growth continues to be fulfilled, benefiting fully from the acceleration of industry's credit creation.
The company is committed to breaking through the core critical technology of high-end computer wholes based on state-owned processors, and the country’s high-end computing is becoming more eco-friendly. At the same time, the participating company’s successful landing of sealight information is expected to yield a strong return on investment. We therefore maintain the company’s net profit forecast for the period 2022-2024 at 16.03.
• The Māori rate continues to rise, business logic continues to be realized Sub-products, with high-end computer revenues increasing by 16.65 per cent over the year, storage products dropping by 8 per cent over the same year, software development, system integration and technology service revenue falling by 9.78 per cent over the same year.
In addition, the company’s return on investment was $101 million, an increase of $118 million over the same period, mainly due to the increased profits of associated companies, such as the Sealight Information. The industry’s credit markets were clearly accelerating, and companies built up a comprehensive national production of high-end ecologics.
Business operators, finance, electricity, etc., have been experimenting with a large scale of credit and are gradually moving to a low-lying extension phase, with a rising proportion of nationally produced purchases. In the second half of the year, IT-related industrial policies are expected to be in place, driving industries to accelerate their growth. (1) The company has developed high-end calculations based on multiple servers, workstations, etc., of national processor chips.
" High and sustained performance growth, high credibility in the certified industry, product quality tests at the national laboratory, bulk delivery in areas such as financial securities, operators, etc., and the provision of a safe and reliable national production information system programme. " (2) In the case of domestically produced components, companies
q1 Performance is slightly higher than expected, with sufficient growth power - Storage of Io module design for cloud computing and artificial intelligence was completed and support for the National Production Office company information update report was developed 2022.4.27
Bios start solids and bmc remote-management solids to create a comprehensive state-of-the-state high-end computing ecology.