High performance continues to grow, and the industry has a high profile.
At the same time, the participating company Sealight Information has successfully landed and is expected to bring to the company a new technology based on state-of-the-art, core computer-based, state-of-the-art computing.
• High growth in net profits, with high expectations throughout the year. Companies publish fast performance reports, with 2022h1 projected operating income of $5,023 billion, an increase of 11.67 per cent over the previous year; billion dollars, an increase of 45.81 per cent over the same year.
Quick, downstream demand booms; and, on the other hand, because of the high growth in net profits in the first half of the year from the net sealight information of the participating subsidiary, companies have made good investment returns. Quite quickly, the industry’s innovation market has accelerated, and companies have built up a whole range of state-owned high-end ecologies.
Business operators, finance, electricity, etc., have been experimenting with a large scale of credit and are gradually moving to a low-lying extension phase, with a rising proportion of nationally produced purchases. In the second half of the year, IT-related industrial policies are expected to be in place, driving industries to accelerate their growth. (1) The company has developed high-end calculations based on multiple servers, workstations, etc., of national processor chips.
In the case of nationally produced components, companies have completed the design of storage-io modules in the field of cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and have developed support for the National Production Office.
Bios and bmc remote-manufacturing solids are starting to create a comprehensive state-owned high-end computing ecology. O1 performance is somewhat over-expected, growth is strong – companies are well-placed in the area of over arithmetic, and the “East and West” project is expected to provide a good opportunity for development.
Corporate Information Update Report 2022.4.27 With the advent of the “East and West” policy, the data centre has emerged as a trend towards scalability and intensive layout, superbing the “Performance, National Product Server Ecocentric”
It has become an important point of policy momentum. Companies have taken on a larger share of the construction of centres of excellence throughout the country, and market shares have become more prominent - the company update report has taken the lead, and the implementation of the East and West Count project offers good opportunities for the company to develop.
"The core of industry-based innovation, high-end calculations of national production, increasingly eco-friendly -- company depth report."