The Shinji Mountain Billows, Sealight Information, 688041.sh. Income and net profits continue to rise, and dcu's new product is expected to drive faster growth.
15 August 2024 Maintenance of high growth in corporate income and net profits in the first half of 2024, with further increases in inventory value
Market data: On August 15, 2024, improvements in product performance and increased market expansion, further improvements in client recognition of corporate products, and further improvements in the depth and breadth of cooperation with companies, contributing to rapid growth in corporate business. At the profit end,
In the first half of the year, the company increased the number of R & D staff to accelerate the development of new products, compared with the number of R & D workers in the first half of 2024.
The increase of $746 million by $1,709 million is due mainly to the company’s further increase in raw material readiness and its confidence in future downstream demand and business growth. The company’s new generation of products, dcu and cpu, are expected to drive faster growth in corporate income.
\triangleright deep-count product series leading the country by supporting full-precision model training. The latest deep-count 2 has been released and commercialized, with a doubling of performance compared to deep-count 1 and a current sea light dcu
It is fully adapted to the larger models in the country, including humanism, generality, etc., and has achieved the full application of the large models represented by llama, gpt, bloom, chhatgm, Ancientism, and YTung.
R & D of the new generation of products is progressing well, and is expected to take over the market weight of the national production of the ai chip: 2) Sealight cpu has been upgraded by generations and is now the main product of Sealight 3 and has been used on a large scale in the telecommunications, finance, Internet, education, transport, etc., while Sealight 4 is the largest source of technology.
On 31 October 2023, it was officially announced that commercialization was expected to take place gradually in the future, and the company is currently developing a new generation of the Cpu Sealight Five, with the company’s share as the head of the domestic cpu expected to continue to increase.cpu and dcu are in the country’s first echelons of product performance and industry ecology, yes.
\triangleright has a higher risk of client concentration. Due to the more pronounced head-to-head effect of the server industry, the company ' s main customers are concentrated in several major server manufacturers in the country, with a higher concentration of customers if the main customers are in the future.
The company will face the risk of a reduction or loss of customer orders and will have a negative impact on the company’s performance. Supply chain risks.
Tools manufacturers, etc., have a higher concentration of suppliers. At the same time, some suppliers ' products are scarce and proprietary because of the degree of specialization in integrated circuits and the high technical threshold, if companies cannot maintain a stable partnership with them, or because of other external environmental factors, such as the company ' s physical presence on the list of entities.
Dealers have suspended their business cooperation with companies, and the cost of replacing new suppliers is higher and will run the risk of increasing prices for the company’s production of major raw materials. In recent years, as the semiconductor chain of industry is nationalized, \triangleright
Rapidly, the demand for raw materials in the domestic semiconductor sector is rising, and overall purchasing prices are on the rise. If the price of raw materials continues to rise in the future, it will have a negative impact on the company’s operations.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor would I be specifically recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.