cpu+dcu dual-nuclear drive, national production of "intelligent + arithmetic" core power 24h1 performance meets expectations and q2 one-quarter performance achieved high growth.
1) Operating income: operating income of 3,763 million yuan in the first half of 24 years, an increase of 44.08 per cent in the same year, and a net return profit of 853 million yuan in the first half of 24 years, an increase of 25.97 per cent in the same year,
In our view, the company's performance in the second quarter was in line with expectations and higher than the median performance forecast, with rapid growth in the single quarter, indicating increasing core competitiveness of the company's products, recognition of the company's products by downstream customers, increased investment in research and development, faster progress, and demand for inventory growth to be validated during the reporting period.
The cost was 1,131 million yuan, an increase of 35.21 per cent in the same year, and the share of capitalization in R & D inputs was 19.42 per cent, which was the result of the rapid growth in corporate business in the first half of the year and the purchase of raw materials for stock preparation. The value of the company ' s inventory in the first half of the year was 2,455 million yuan, an increase of 128.59 per cent compared to the beginning of the period, of which 1.34 billion yuan were raw materials, compared to the beginning of the period (898 million).
With $71 million, an increase of 62.39 per cent over the same period. We believe that companies continue to increase their R & D inputs to optimize their products, that companies enter the reserve cycle ahead of schedule, that cost projects such as a new generation of generic processors are accelerating their research and development, and that sales costs are mainly used to further strengthen the marketing and ecological construction of high-end processors markets and downstream requirements.
With a relative depth of 300, the atmosphere is rising, and future corporate profitability is expected to accelerate. cpu+dcu, a dual-nuclear drive, has a significant local competitive advantage. Sealightcpu has three major technological advantages:
1) excellent product performance; 2) good system compatibility, compatible with x86 architecture; 3) high system security. Applications in the fields of telecommunications, finance, Internet, education, transport, industrial design, graphic image processing are widespread.
and high-speed parallel data processing capabilities, showing excellence in the areas of artificial intelligence, large data processing, commercial computing, and supporting full-precision model training to achieve the full application of the large models represented by llama, gpt, bloom, chhatgm, Ancientism, YTung, etc., with the national community, including humanism, generality, etc.
We believe that, with the acceleration of the global digital transition, our integration numeracy, our network and the “East and West” project, there are broad prospects for the IT industry and national production numeracy, and companies will invest in: companies are leading companies with high-end processing plants, in the field of cpu and dcu chip technology.
In the lead in the country, the “Intelligent Plus Arithmetic” national penetration rate continues to rise, promising to open the door to growth. I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence, and with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Marine Certificates, Treasury Securities, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.