The company achieved business income by 24h1.
37.63 billion yuan, or +44.08 per cent of the year; 853 million yuan, or +25.97 per cent of the year; 818 million yuan, or +32.09 per cent, of the year's year-on-year net profit. 24q2 achieved 2,171 million yuan, or +49.67 per cent of the year, and 36.35 per cent of the year-on-year income accelerated;
There has been a steady increase in profitability and a significant decline in the capitalization of R&D costs. With the company’s new generation of cpu, one pct. 2402 C2Cat 27.0%, the ring 9.2 pcts, with a rapid increase in sales, management, R&D staff, support for the company’s products. As of 24h1, R&D staff
(b) High-end processor design is a technology-intensive industry, with a well-known backbone research and development staff with an active background and associated processor development experience to support the smooth rotation of the company's products, based on corporate finances;
The paper revealed that the company ' s cpu and dcu products are growing in performance and that the next generation of products is progressing well. Sealightdcu supports full-precision model training and provides an autonomous, open and complete software warehouse. Ocean Light 8,000 series have full-scale floating point data and a variety of common integer data computing capabilities that can fully tap applications.
Parallel, using its large-scale parallel computing capability. At the same time, the sealight dcu provides a full range of software stacks, including tdk (dcu, Sealight Information (688041.sh), 2023 annual reports: high performance, high toolkit, tool chain development, model warehouse, etc., in support of tensorlow,
Mainstream in-depth learning structures, such as pytoch and Paddiepaddie, adapted to different applications, Sealight Information (688041.sh) - based on cpu operations, horizontal extension of the ai chip api interface and compiler, and support for common function libraries, ai algorithms and frames.
Sealight Information (688041.sh)-2022: Three-quarter review of profit increases in the first three quarters to achieve the full application of large models such as llama, gpt, bloom, chhatgl, Academ, Yorkung and Yorkung. Sealight Information (688041.sh) - Leader of the National Microprocessor Industry.
Period: A new generation of cpu-product customers is imported less than expected. Clients are imported gradually, and dcu’s new performance continues to improve, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Billion yuan, +32.09%, overperformance forecast. Quarterlyly, 2402 million yuan, +49.67%, ring +36.35% and quarterly income accelerated; +28.95%, ring +95.77%, net profit on maternity; +27.37%, net profit on non-mortality, + 546 million.
Figure 1: Sealight Information Operating Income and Growth (Billions, %) Figure 2: Sealight Information Single Season Operating Income and Growth (Billions, %) Figure 3: Sealight Information Net Profits and Growth (Billions, %)
Figure 4: Net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) of single-sealight information from the mother; steady increase in profitability and significant decrease in the capitalization of R & D costs. As a new generation of cpu, dcu products is phased out, the profitability of the company has steadily increased, with a Māori rate of 23,02 per cent and a ring ratio of 1.0 pt.
Figure 5: Māori sealight information, changes in net interest rates, Figure 6: Changes in sealight information cost rates
The rapid growth in the number of R & D personnel supports the smooth growth of the company ' s products. As of 24h1, the number of R & D staff in the company was 1855, or +34.2 per cent, compared with +79.9 per cent at the end of the 21st century, and the number of R & D staff was growing rapidly.
And the experience of the processor development supports the success of the company ' s products; according to the company ' s financial statements, the performance of the company ' s cpu and dcu products is constantly improving, and the next generation of products is progressing well.
With full-precision float-point data and a variety of common integer data computing capabilities, you can fully tap into the parallelity of applications and make use of its large-scale parallel computing capability. Meanwhile, sealight dcu provides a full range of software stacks, including tdk (dcutoolkit), the development of tool chains, model warehouses, etc., supporting tensorlow, pytoch and others.
Mainstream in-depth learning structures such as Paddlepaddle and mainstream applications, adapted to different api interfaces and compilers, and supported common function libraries, ai algorithms and frameworks. Sealight dcu has now achieved the full application of large models such as liama, gpt, bloom, chatglm, Illustralism, Taitung, etc., and is much more than a matter of speech and generality in the country.
The model is fully adapted to a national lead. Figure 8: Support for sealight information improvement software depots. Figure 9: Fitness of sea light information models
The new generation of cpu-product customers imported less than expected. The author assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author