The cpu and dcu products were well-paced and their performance steadily improved 21 August 2024 Event: On August 15, Sealight Information released its semi-annual report 2024 and became operational in the first half of 2024
Revenues of 3,763 million yuan, an increase of 44.08% over the same period; net return returns of 853 million yuan, a growth rate that is commonly calculated for deep-deep farming, with sustained growth in performance. Companies are based on a generic calculation market and are constantly focused on the main business \triangleright
It is also committed to providing high-performance, high-reliability, low-capacity products and high-quality services to clients, relying on self-contained high-end processor design, product iterative, industry-led capabilities, continuously raising corporate visibility and competitive advantages, and achieving a better growth in business indicators such as the size of corporate collections and profits.
Companies will increase their operating income by 44.08% over the year, their net profit by 25.97% over the year, and their net profit by 32.09% over the same year. Companies will increase their competitive advantage at the same time as the structure of their products continues to evolve, insisting on upgrading and increasing the competitive power of their products.
\triangleright is new, with a growing investment in high-end processors, increasing the level of technology and competitive advantage of products. The company ' s cpu and dcu series are accelerating their rotational upgrading, increasing their functionality, advanced performance, security credibility, and life.
The Sealight cpu series of products compatible with the X86 command set and the international mainstream operating systems and applications have been widely used in important industries or domains such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, and transport. The first wave of auto-researched cpu microstructures, Sealight 4, is the current main product, with its performance recognized by the client.
High, accelerating the process of national production of core instruments, Sealight Five is currently in the research and development stage. The generic “cuda” environment of the Sealight dcu series can be widely applied to large-scale data processing, artificial intelligence, business planning, working with clients to achieve industrial chain cooperation.
With different types of market demand, a system of national whole-time partnerships has been created to jointly facilitate the import and coverage of companies to end-users and to achieve a win-win industrial chain collaboration. The company ' s high-end processor product is already 1. Sealight Information (688041.sh) performed fast in 2023.
It has been widely recognized by users in the domestic industry, and has gradually expanded to include well-known domestic server producers, such as wavers, conjectures, Xinhua, and co-owners. The company uses its unique functional, performance, ecological and safety advantages of high-end processors to combine a full-scale manufacturer, a basic software provider, a supplier of applications, an integrator of systems and industry.
2. Sealight Information (688041.sh) performance forecast for 2023, with an industrial chain based on high-end sealight processors, was established.
\triangleright 3. Sealight Information (688041.sh) Event Evaluation: National Production High End Processor Reupgrading, Sealight IV Product Release - 2023/11/
\triangleright Risk of high concentration and partial supplier substitution difficulties. 23 Performance bright, cpu+dcu co-exist
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.