q2 performance growth accelerated and large model ecology improved: on 14 August, the company released its semi-annual report for 2024, achieving business income q2 single-quarter growth acceleration and a steady increase in the Māori rate. The company achieved a rapid increase in its performance in the first half of the year.
Longer, mainly due to increased market demand, while company product performance and customer recognition continued to increase and market expansion intensified. For the first quarter of 2402, companies achieved operating income of 2,171 million yuan, an increase of 49.67 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 565 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 28.95 per cent over the same period, and a return of q2 cents.
2.0 pct. R & D costs are capitalized by 12.56 pct less than the same rate, mainly by receiving and inspection of capitalization items such as new generation dcu products and engineering technology, and by accelerating R & D of new generation generic processor chip designs, etc.
At the end of q2, the company’s inventory stood at 2,455 million, indicating that the company was actively preparing and that subsequent performance growth was dynamic.
The maximum/minimum price for full software stores within 12 months, including "dtk(dcutoolkit)", development of tool chains, model warehouses, etc., supporting mainstream in-depth learning frameworks and mainstreaming, such as tensorlow, pytoch and Paddlepaddle
The application of software, which supports full-scale model training, achieves the full application of the large models represented by llama, gpt, bloom, chhatgm, Zonghua, Yungdong, etc., and is fully compatible with the larger models in the country, including the one-mindedness, generality, etc., to the level of national leadership.
< < Māori uplifts profit growth and product ownership continues to improve sub-generational performance and is expected to become a mainstream product of the domestic ai chip. > Investment advice: Companies are the scarce cpu+gpu arithmetic companies in the country and are expected to benefit from ai
< < < significant increase in profitability, with a strong two-wheeler performance of < cpu+dcu < < < < cpu+dcu > expected. Maintains the " buy-in " rating.
q2 performance is growing faster, big model ecology is improving, and the Pacific Academy of Sciences is on the 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huahu Long Enterprise, 9 North Street, in Beijing City West Side.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.