Sealight Information 1h24 performed robustly, cpu+dcu continued to build base-based arithmeticals issued semi-annual performance forecasts for 2024, and beneficiary companies continued to focus on the main business around the generic computing market.
Company 24h1 continues to grow robustly, 24q2 ring-by-business is improving based on performance forecasts, profit ends, national cpu applications are becoming more widespread, and dcu continues to embrace the track. According to the company's annual report and interactive platform, 1) cpu on: Compatibility of the company's cpu series X86 command set and international mainstream operations
Systems and applications, software and hardware are ecologically rich, performance excellent and safe and have been widely applied in important industries or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, and transport. 2) dcu: in the context of the age of aigc ' s continued rapid development, the sealight dcu can support full-precision model training to achieve llama, gpt,
The comprehensive application of the big models that are represented by Bloom, Chatglm, Gospel, and YTung Tung, is fully compatible with the big models in the country, including the Mandarin Word, and has reached national leadership levels. The strategy of “selling the generation, authenticating the generation, developing the generation” has been steadily moving forward, helping China to calculate from running and running.
The company always maintains a high level of R & D investment, improves the level of technology and competitive advantage of products through continuous R & D innovation, improves the performance of the company ' s cpu and dcu products, and the next generation of products is moving well. In addition, based on the strong technical base of the cpu+dcu product, the company connects upstream and downstream industries.
Power creates a well-developed package of hardware and software integration services that support industry-based data centres and arithmetic platforms that promote deep integration of intelligent computing with numerical calculations, and pushes the "ai+" industry to the ground. At the same time, as the sea light rises and the ecological health of the plant continues to ensure compatibility of the company's high-end processors, the company's products may be opened.
Taking into account the fact that companies continue to benefit from high performance such as the one for calculating structural demand, market position and competitive advantage, but taking into account that new customers, product development and import still take some time, we adjust profit projections to anticipate that public demand for the one is less than expected, the risk of supply chain sanctions, and increased risk from industry competition.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.