Sealight Information (688041) Computer performance continues to increase, and dcu deserves to be looked forward to it.
Realising a net profit on maternity is 850 million yuan, an increase of 26.0 per cent in the same year; net profit on non-mortality is 820 million yuan, rising at the same q2 growth rate and steadily increasing profitability. In the first quarter, the company ' s income on 2024q2 was 2.17 billion yuan, an increase of 49.7 per cent, and net profit on maternity was 560 million yuan, an increase of 28.9 per cent.
The net profit return of the mother is $550 million, a 27.4 per cent increase in the same year, and q2 increases at a faster rate than q1. At the same time, it is accompanied by a substantial reduction in the profit quality, with a strong demand for downstream orders and an adequate supply of stocks.
By the end of the reporting period, the company’s inventory of water aigc had developed irresistiblely, and its capacity for arithmetic had reached the stage of gold development. The company’s cpu+dcu product was being upgraded in line with intergenerational upgrading, while increasing its ecological adaptation.
The “cuda” generic parallel computing architecture, which builds a unified bottom-floor hard-drive platform with well-structured software stores, has now achieved the full application of large models such as llama, gpt, chhatgl, and the full adaptation of large models such as monologue, generality and so forth to the level of national leadership.
1.37. For the country's scarce cpu+dcu designers, “performance + ecology + safety” competition is strong and is expected to continue to expand market shares, achieve performance surges and maintain a “buy-in” rating, in line with current trends in autonomously controlled +ai technology breakthroughs.
Sealight Information (688041): The Maori rate has risen significantly. 2. Sealight Information (688041): q4 performance has continued to increase significantly, and the start-up of repurchases has highlighted confidence in development.
3. Sealight Information (688041): In the course of a two-wheel drive between the ai and the message, no direct or indirect compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly for the continued succession of the national core (2023-04-20) or for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.