On May 04, 2024, the product spectrum continued to be rich and short-term pressure would not change the value of long-term investments.
— Quarter 2023 of Purple Light: On 26 April 2024, the company released its first quarter report for 2024, which achieved operating income of 1141 million yuan, a 26.16 per cent decrease from the same period in the previous year, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies
The downside of the special integrated circuit operation is subject to short pressure and the cost side is clearly down by a margin of 47.44 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly due to insufficient downstream demand from the company ' s special integrated circuit operation, and lower sales and unit prices lead to a decrease in sales income and net profit on a par; financial costs are -
In 2023, business performance stabilized, and research and development continued to strengthen the industry’s leading position.
On 31st of the month, the company's net assets, belonging to shareholders in listed companies, were $11,654 million, an increase of 20.11% over the same period the previous year. During the reporting period, the company continued to strengthen its scientific and technological capabilities and consolidate its industrial leadership.
The G.I.S.S.A.S.A.A. 2022 (002049) Review: Special I.S.C.A.'s performance in the new product, A.S.A.S.A.A., has 149 patent authorizations of all kinds.
Operational cash flow, financing cash flow, contract liability equivalents were reduced by the end of the current period, as a result of the reduction in loans received in advance in the current period. Research and development of a wide range of products was well advanced, contributing to the long-term development of companies in the future
The company’s three main product lines provide new business growth points for the company. The newly developed special Nandflash has been marketed, the new special storage units have been developed, and the network and interface products have been continuously upgraded to become one of the most widely covered companies in the industry. The special Sopc platform products represent system-level chips.
To the extent widely recognized by users, the fourth-generation product has been scaled up and applied in a number of areas, and the newly expanded rf-soc product has been validated by core clients to meet application needs in specific areas.
Research and development have been completed and made available to users for replication, and products such as medium-end mcu, video-processing chips are well under way. The company and its partners have launched a one-stop solution for esims, which supports the writing of crystal-circle personalized data, compatible with remote-esim configurations, 5g connections, and has obtained a sas-up qualification for gsma.
Actively expand the new product spectrometry to guarantee the future sustainable development of companies. Products such as osc super small-size oscillators have been successfully developed. The 5g communication module, with the high-base frequency of the crystal crystals oscillator, has been successfully implemented by the industrialization project to empower companies with high-quality development through acceptance. 7 February 2024, adopted by the review.
The Bill on Foreign Investment and Associated Transactions, which agrees with the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Tangshan National Crystal Source Limited, invests its own funds or self-financed funds in the construction of a super-microstone crystal production base project in Yuyang City, Hunan Province. The project has a total investment of $355 million and will produce 768 million a year.
With the introduction of a new series of company-specific integrated circuits and the rapid expansion of the overseas market for smart safety chips, the company’s competitiveness and profitability will increase. Given the volatility of product prices, we predict the company’s profitability.
The report is presented independently, objectively and with diligence. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.