The special integrated circuit business has declined slightly, and the smart security chip business has continued to rise.
The Māori rate is 46.14 per cent (compared with the previous year - 0.35 pt). (3) Crystalware collects $185 million (same as -35.49 per cent) and Māori 9.03 per cent (compared with the previous year - 18.25 pt). The volume of corporate smart security chips continues to increase and the market position within and outside the country continues to rise, supporting robust annual income growth.
In 2023, the company invested $1.633 billion in research and development, and a series of irradiated products; the development and marketing of new products, such as special storage units, special specialized processors, special fpga and system-grade chips, are progressing well; and the simulation of a large number of new products has been completed.
Product R & D; substrate wave switch power control technology has been addressed, and breakthroughs have been made in special Ethernet exchange of key technology for circuit design. (2) Smart security chip: company active layout of car electronic domain; development of strongbox together with Intel; release of a global headline specifically tailored for smart poss
(iii) Crystals: small size, research and development of high-level frequency products and industrialization, successful research and development of tsxcrystal, osc1612 products; and production of q-mems-based Osc differential ultra-high-level frequency products.
Focus on major business development, special ic leader, long-term growth is achievable. Given the industry’s climate, the company’s profits are low, but the company continues to focus on the main business, reducing costs, increasing efficiency, and achieving overall stability in its business performance. We believe that the company is constantly expanding its product lines and applications.
It is expected to open up further profit margins and keep looking at firm performance growth in the context of the trend towards specialic development, the expansion of product groups, and the emergence of a leading company with the revenue contribution of companies through the continuous roll-out of new products.
A steady increase in revenue during the quarter, net profits with Biti, and expansion of growth space in new areas.
Risk factors: less than expected release of new products; increased risk from competition in the market; downside risk in the macro economy. \triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
Mox, Graduated from the University of Florida, United States of America, Master of Electronic Engineering, Guangjiang Securities Research, 2012-2022.
In November 2022, he joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc. The study was directed towards semiconductor equipment, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit design, etc.
Queries about research experience. In September 2020, I entered Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (George) Inc., as a light-engineer system engineer, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in December 2022 to study precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and zero components, semiconductor processes, etc.
The electronic group, the electronic group, the search for servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc., are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.