Ultraviolet (002049.sz) Electronics integrated circuits ii have performed well under heavy pressure in the industry and are extremely resilient and welcome.
The net cash flow generated by the operation decreased by 3.84 per cent during the same period. The net cash flow generated by the operation was $1,772 million, an increase over the same period in the previous year.
Businesses. After 23 years, affected by the military ' s 1455 mid-term adjustment, which led to a delay in procurement requirements and orders, most companies in the industry experienced a decline in their performance, with the company ' s special integrated circuit operation achieving operating income of $4,487 million in 2023, a 5.02 per cent decline in the same year; in addition, in terms of prices, there was a general decline in the prices of some military-industrial products.
In this case, the company’s special integrated circuit operation achieved a Māori rate of 73.22%, a decrease of 0.7% over the same period last year. With industry-wide output and prices down, the company’s special operations remain relatively stable and better, with a sustained focus on science, technology and innovation, with R&D investment rising further.
During the same period the previous year saw an increase of 30.68%, representing 21.58% of operating income. In special integrated circuit operations, the company has introduced a new series of industrial-grade and irradiated products; special storage units, special-purpose processors, and special Li Hongtao.
The development and marketing of new products, such as fpga and system-grade chips, is progressing well; simulation products complete a large number of new products and create a structured layout. In addition, companies capture low-line switch power control technologies and achieve breakthroughs in the design of key technologies specially designed for the exchange of circuits for the supernet.
A process system for the development and management of vehicle-level products at the highest level of safety “asild”; release of the world's first purple light country micro: Focus on master development, long-term valueable - money tailored to smart posim solutions.
Micro-violet country: high revenue growth, multiple new items, integrated circuits keep the industry ahead and the user base is expanding. In 2023, the company ' s special integrated circuit operation achieved $4,487 million in operating income, a 5.02% decline in comparison. The new generation of higher performance products is recognized by some core customers.
The new special Nandflash has been moved to the market, the special new storage unit has been developed, the system-level chip, which is represented by the special Sopc platform product, is widely accepted by users, and the fourth generation has already completed its pre-programme extension and has been applied in a number of areas. The new extension of the rf-soc product has been nuclearized.
The custom processor series, such as the generic mcu, imageai smart chip, digital signal processor dsp, has been developed and has been selected for use in outreach, and products such as medium- and high-end mcu, video-processing chip are well under development.
With the break-through of the smart security chip market, the car chip is expected to build a second curve. The company smart security chip business has made new breakthroughs in terms of production technology, market expansion, and in 2023 the company smart security chip business was made operational at $2.842 billion, an increase of 36.67%.
One-stop solution, which supports the writing of crystal-circle personalized data, compatible with the remote esim configuration, 5g connection, obtained a sas-up qualification certificate for gsma. With regard to car electronics, the company ' s car chip security program covers a number of areas of car connectivity, where car regulation applications in digital keys, t-box, etc. are available in the city.
The site acknowledges that dozens of mainframe plants and tier1 have been imported, enabling the load-in-car. Joining wpc to become a mcsp service provider provides credible clearance for the wireless charger equipment, successfully completing the country’s first authoritative functional security certification based on r52+mcu.
Investment proposals: The company leads the industry in the area of special fpga, while multiple new products achieve a client breakthrough. We believe that the company will remain more growing in the long term and forecast its revenue for 2024-2026