Annual Report 2023: Basic stability of business performance, continuing expansion of the product spectrum, Research Assistant Kozheng-tae
▪ Business performance was generally stable, with multiple pressures smoothing the transition. In 2023, the company achieved operating income of $2,531 million, down 3.84% from the same period the previous year.
In 2023, the company launched new product lines in the area of special integrated circuits, including industrial and irradiated product series, while achieving research and development and market diffusion in key areas such as special storage units, processors, fpga and system-grade chips.
In the area of smart safety chips, companies have built up safety chips that meet the highest safety standards for cars, and have upgraded the safety applications of the celadon platform. In crystals, companies have made progress in developing and industrializing small-scale, high-base frequency products.
Tsxcrystal and osc1612 products, and achieved the volume of q-mems-based Osc-disparities over high-level frequency products.
In the field of arts, such as smart safety chips, special integrated circuits and crystallized frequency devices, there are significant R & D and industrialization capabilities, and many technology awards have been awarded and trusted by clients. In 2023, companies continued to increase their R & D inputs, obtaining 149 patent authorizations, and promoted product and technology upgrading.
Shizuku, as a leading firm in special chip design, has over 20 years of research and development experience, and is a national leader in high-tech barriers by participating in a major national project in 3-quarters of 2023.
Review: Increased investment in R & D, leading firms in the future development of companies are expected to benefit from the special chip industry and national production markets.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's performance meets expectations, taking into account the company's unique integration within the country
The leading role of the circuits and the downward pressure on the special integrated circuits, we have downplayed the company 2024-Small Purple (002049): the mid-2023 reporting point Specialic orders have fallen short of expectations; 4) the risk of increased competition in the market; and 5) progress in the development of new products.
Three major financial forecasting tables for UXIU S.A., Inc., are qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.