Event: The annual report 2023 was released on the evening of April 17th, UPV, and the company achieved revenue in 2023 \triangleright Integrated Circuit Enterprise, with products covering microprocessors, programmable devices, storage, networks and interfaces, simulators
In 2023, in the face of a complex external situation and a difficult market environment, downstream demand was hit more strongly, with companies achieving a Māori Māori ratio of 73.22% (Yoy-0.7pct) through a variety of initiatives.
With industry leading, a new generation of higher performance products has been endorsed by some core clients into the full roll-out phase; special storage units have continued to be the most complete and technologically advanced in the domestic series; newly developed special Nandflash has moved to the market; new special storage units have been developed; network and interface products have been closely followed by customers
(c) Newly expanded rf-soc products have been validated by core clients and can meet application needs in specific areas;
A series of specialized processor products such as mcu, imageai smart chip, digital signal processor dsp have been developed and made available for extension, and products such as medium-end mcu, video processor chip are progressing well.
In the area of simulation products, a large number of new products have been developed in seven directions, such as modulus converters, many products, Lee Xiaoqing, intelligent safety chips are growing fast and overseas market position continues to rise. In 2023, corporate intelligence security was achieved.
The chip yields 2,842 million yuan (yoy+36.67%), the Māori rate is 46.14% (yoy-0.35%), and the rent and profits are growing considerably. The company continues to contract the telecommunications sim card market, making it global.
The sim card market is a leader. The company, together with its partners, has launched a one-stop solution for esim, obtaining a sas-up certificate for gsma; in the area of financial payments, the company has actively promoted application projects.
A highly reliable chip business, such as the active layout of automobiles and electronics, has been evaluated in mid-2023 by Car Regulations in the fields of digital keys, t-boxes, and UV Micro (002049.sz). Market recognition has led to the importation of dozens of mainframe plants and Tier1 to achieve volume loaders.
The reported excess performance, with the special ic leader showing resilience by 2023/ the corresponding current price being 19/14/11, and the company being the lead in the country in integrated circuit platform-type enterprises, will continue to benefit from the growth of the special ic industry and the growth of demand for alternatives to national production, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Risks of \triangleright; risks of new product R & D not progressing as expected; risks of attracting talent and maintaining innovation capacity.
High-profile 2022/04/27 Research findings based on methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.