Center for Research on Resources and the Environment (RCRE) Wangjrask has grown steadily, with a small increase in the total profit on remittances, company fundamentals (RMK)
Millions of dollars, or 15.4 per cent, of the same increase, or a net profit of 2.04 billion, or 52.4 per cent, of the same profit from the mother, and the expected increase in the level of earnings from the high-powered drop in demand for the summer season have continued to accelerate: from the second half of 2017, the rate of introduction of corporate aircraft has accelerated, with the net introduction of 37 and 32 aircraft from 2017h2 and 2018h1, respectively.
With only 15 units, the company ask increased by 8.9 per cent in the same period in the year by increasing the number of routes delivered and increasing the rate of implementation at the time before, benefiting from a strong aviation demand during the summer season. The company as a whole in q3 seasons and including fuel surcharges, we measured an increase of about 3.0 per cent for the q3 quarter as a whole.
1. "A flat income per unit ratio, with a lower rate of oil prices and a faster rate of movement, Rask continued to grow steadily and demand and demand continued to rise. " However, the former company was able to reserve for the new airport in Beijing, and a net introduction of 54/76 aircraft was planned for 2018h2/2019.
The speed of introduction remains high, short-term aircraft drops into the air, and the speed of the Rask is expected to drop.
This was the main factor. The q3 currency devalued by 4.0% against the dollar, resulting in q3. 4.
The main reason for the sharp decline is that the company’s total profit for the q3 season increased by 1.8%, net of exchange rate.
In the case of South China, the introduction of spring and fall will boost capital dynamism and improve its asset structure. Cooperation is expected to focus on low-cost aviation, and to tap new growth points.
South China is expected to gain 40 per cent of the new airport and significantly improve its position in the Beijing market, plus the Guangzhou t2 terminal, which will form a two-wheel drive, and the market development will be completed, with significant performance elasticity if the oil and exchange rate are reduced.
South Air fleet size and time markets are leading in the country, with significant advantages in the second-tier domestic market and in the international South-East Asian market in Oceania; combined in the spring and fall, with opportunities for White Cloud 2 and the new Beijing airport.
The devaluation of the renminbi was higher than expected, the new airport in Beijing was slower than expected, and the price of oil was higher than expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment