The profit margin continues to rise significantly, and the lead has expanded.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB) Profitability continues to be strong, with the q2 Māori ring ratio rising significantly to 38%: first half of the year in the country
Strong demand support in the market, company price of key products remained stable and cost-sides steadily decreased (18% and 23% respectively for silicon, component non-silicon), resulting in a significant increase of 6.6-38% over the q1 ring ratio in the company ' s q2 quarter combined (of which silicon and component single season are expected).
The Māori rate reached 40 per cent and over 35 per cent, respectively, and has risen in recent years, with q2 single-season net profit matches, industrial landscapes and price measures continuing to outperform expectations, and profits are expected to be released faster in the second half of the year: both the market and industry had been pessimistic about the post-630 industrial landscape and the price of their products, which now appears to be real.
The situation is much better than expected (demand continues to rise, the price of single crystal silicon even recovered from the end of q2), Fear-Lonki Stock Exchange Review, 2017.5.1, considering that the price of silicon at the end of the cost has stopped rising, and that the company ' s silicon production can be released significantly in the second half of the year.
2. " Sitting on a single crystal today, the future photovoltage masters can be fast (q4 single-month output doubles q1) and the company ' s Māori q3 ratio is expected to remain high, and the quarterly net profit margin will continue to rise.
"Excellent is when it becomes a habit-Lonky Unit with a significant increase in the self-use of the components falling on a year-on-year basis, with the addition of nearly 1gw self-held power plants making a huge profit."
4. The Yunnan Silicon Stick Project introduced an up-and-down tap joint venture of 1259mw (+44 per cent of the year), self-used 796mw (+15 times the year), with a significant increase in internal usage, resulting in a decline in the sales of silicon tablets, which was the main reason for the decline in the company ' s income in the first half of the year, compared with the company ' s revenues in the same period
"A single-season Māori innovation with a four-quarter welcome price 405mw additional grid-connected ground power stations and 564mw distributed power stations explain well the three-quarterly performance evaluation of the company ' s self-service promotion-Lonki shares."
The location of the components. Since the operation of self-held power plants has never been a strategic core business for the company (increased development, mainly “resource realization”), we expect that the company will gradually be sold at the power station, and that nearly 1gw power station, if fully sold, is expected to release more than $500 million in profits.
Growing R & D investment has strengthened and even increased the firm ' s lead: R & D in the first half of the year, 444 million yuan, or 7.1 per cent of revenue, sustained and large R & D investment will be solid and even one step ahead of the firm, and M & A will be higher than that of the main competitor from 2016.
On the basis of over-expected profitability, product price performance, and company expansion, we have significantly increased the corporate surplus by 868 million tablets in the first half of 2017, of which 449 million were sold abroad.
Self-service of 419 million tablets, with a sales rate of 99.06 per cent for single crystal silicon; and single crystal battery modules, with 1,259 mw sold out for single crystal components, 796 mw for self-service, with a sales rate of 100.19 per cent for single crystal components.
In the first half of 2017, cumulative investment amounted to $44,089.94 million, or 7.08 per cent of current operating income, and new technologies and processes were rapidly applied to scale production, with notable results in cost control and efficient product innovation. At the end of June 2017, the cost of corporate monosilicon non-silicon tablets was reduced by 18 per cent in relation to the same time, with components.
A 23% reduction in non-silicon costs on the same basis.
Single crystal silicone is imported in batches with technological upgrades, such as continuous crystallization, gold-line slices, and costs are falling rapidly, with city occupancy rising over the last two years. With the continued progress of single crystal silicone production in thin blades, fine linearization, and high-efficiency battery technology, such as perc.
With the gradual spread of the technique (with a higher effect on single crystals than polycrystals), single crystal components will continue at a faster rate than crystal crystals and will soon achieve a full range of less than multicrystal per watt cost. The runners plan to enhance the security of monocrystal routes, and the mainstream manufacturers can accelerate the switch to monocrystals.
The single crystal penetration rate is expected to exceed 35 per cent in 2017, and is likely to rise to more than 50 per cent in the next two years. Currently, the single crystal scale rises largely as a result of the expansion of silicon silicon links, and downstream selection is irreversible.
(a) China ' s single crystal application ratio has been rapidly increasing since 2015, with the 2016 and 2017 runner projects plus the trend of fast single crystal replacements;
The main component is the change in market structure and the driver's technical requirements (a single multi-crystal efficiency requirement simultaneously) to further improve single crystals;
Chart 7: Once again, the single multi-crystal price differential narrows down, solid downstream confidence that the single multi-crystal silicon price differential, from a high of 35 per cent in the first half of the year to less than 15 per cent at present, is sufficiently attractive for downstream battery assembly enterprises to convert to single crystals.
The global perc battery capacity, production volume, production of single crystal perc output at an over-expected speed of 21 - 21.5 per cent, entering the n-pert zone, with a visible potential for efficiency gains of 24 per cent, and a better inhibition to initial light failure than multiple crystals;
The new version of the pilot plan requires single and multi-crystal components efficiency of 17.8 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively, corresponding to 60 components output of 295w and 280w, both of which require at least the perc process to be used to achieve it, and the logical selection of the components chain is necessarily single crystallized.
Concluding statement: When the output power of 60 units per single/multicrystal is 15 watts (i.e. 0.94 percentage points for component transformation), the price difference of 12.3 per cent for single/multicrystal silicon is equal to the cost per tile at the end of the component, and the price difference of 25.5 per cent is equal to the cost at the end of the power station (5.9 per cent higher per tile at this time). In May 2017, owing to the rapid spread of the monocrystal perc process, the output power difference of the main 60 units/multicrystal component was large from 15 wala a year ago to 20 watts.
Conclusion Note: When the output power of 60 units per single/multicrystal is 20 watts (i.e. the component conversion rate is 1.25 percentage points), the price difference of 18.8 per cent for the single/multicrystal silicon is equal to the cost per watt at the end of the component, and the price difference of 41.5 per cent is equal to the cost at the end of the station (at this point the corresponding cost/sale price for the single crystal component is greater than 8.5 per cent). i.e., when other conditions remain unchanged, the price premium for the single silicon is also higher when the conversion efficiency gap increases or the component cost as a proportion of the total cost of the plant is lower.
▪ In mid-2016, the output power difference for 60 units of mainstream single/multi-crystal was 15 W (i.e. 0.94 percentage points difference in the conversion rate of components), the price difference for single/multi-crystal silicon was 12.3 per cent to equalize the cost per watt at the end of the component, and the price difference of 25.5 per cent to equalize the cost per watt at the end of the power station (at this time the corresponding cost/sale price per watt for the single-crystal component)
More crystals are 5.9% higher. In 2017, the difference in the output power of 60 pieces of mainstream single/multi-crystal components was extended to 20 watts (i.e. 1.25 percentage points difference in the conversion rate of components), and the price difference of single/multi-crystal silicon was 18.8% for the components.
The end-to-end cost is equal and the difference of 41.5 per cent can equalize the cost per-watt at the end of the power station (at this point, the corresponding single crystal component costs/sales are more than 8.5 per cent higher).
When the full cost ratio of power plants falls, so does the premium for single crystal silicon tablets. Core logic two: The firm’s cost advantage is huge, ensuring that it continues to be higher than the industry’s average and higher profit-making advantage is that the company’s core advantage is that it is also an important barrier/protector, and the future is promising.
(b) Current cost scenario: silicon tablets at US$ 0.14/w, batteries at US$ 0.06/w, components at US$ 0.13/w; crystallization costs at US$ 40~50/kg (1.9~2.3 cents/w);
▪ Investment in unit capacity: Over the past six years, the unit cost of any expansion at any one time has been more than half that of Lungi, the main competitor, mainly as a result of an advantage in the output of the unit of equipment resulting from an advantage in the price of the set equipment and a better level of the process.
▪ Equipment and supporting materials, material-consuming industrial chains: Lungi has been firmly autonomous in the early stages of his career and has been preparing his production equipment. To date, major equipment has been fully produced (associated companies or surrogates) and in the future will be further assisted by his strong R & D capabilities in support of suppliers of materials/consumption materials in the industrial chain (e.g. graphite heat plants, platinum).
In the single crystalline silicon link, Lungi shares and Central Ring shares account for 76% of global production in 2016, creating oligopoly, but in terms of Māori, Lungi is 15 percentage points away from the Central Ring.
In the first half of the year, the gap widened further to about 19 percentage points.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.