In mid-2018, the company reported a price increase of more than 68%. The company’s operating income for the North was 2,602 million yuan, an increase of 27.47%, and for the South.
During the reporting period, the company ' s operating costs were $3.82 billion, an increase of 21.65 per cent over the same period, pressure on downstream transmission costs from scrap paper-based upscaling companies, which were higher than costs, operating costs did not increase as fast as revenues, and company Māori was 36.16 per cent, an increase of 5.05 \trianglerights over the same period the previous year
Point. Corporate management costs increased by 32.11 per cent over the same period in the previous year, at 7.48 per cent, an increase of 0.04 percentage points over the same period, as a result of both the increase in corporate R & D inputs and the increase in managerial fees.
In the first half of 2018, the company's capacity reached 2,217 million square metres, which is almost complete.
In the first half of 2018, the company started to invest in four gypsum production lines in Hebei, Jinde, Shandong Jaizawa, An Qiyu, Shanxiang. At the same time, the company accelerated industrial integration and co-financed a joint venture with Shandong Man-ja Construction Company Ltd., with a joint venture for An Quantya New Building Materials Ltd., and Pilwa.
The county Vanja Construction Materials Ltd. has been replenished, and has acquired 100% of the shares of Vanja Construction Building Limited in the city, 100% of the woodwood production equipment of the limited public sector in the Pygmy Wood Industry, and all of the registered trademarks held by Chichuan Construction Building Company Limited in the city. The company’s share of domestic capacity is expected to reach 61%, which will help the company to rapidly increase market control, improve its pricing power, and consolidate its leadership in the castboard industry.
In 2018, the \triangleright emission standards for atmospheric pollution in and around Kyoto were further upgraded, the “gas conversion” continued, and environmental requirements were increasing, resulting in a rapid increase in production costs for small-scale gypsum plants.
The profit level has been significantly reduced, with natural gas burning costs far higher than coal combustion and environmental equipment being invested, and small gypsum plants in the region withdrawing. As future market consolidation moves forward, the company’s market share will continue to rise, its current capacity is already high, it has stronger market pricing rights, and it is moving from its original market expansion to a price-raising phase.
\triangleright maintains a firm's “highly recommended” investment rating as an integrated competitiveness of industry leaders. \triangleright
Figure 1: Change in Māori ratio of new materials in the North and Figure 2: Change in asset-liability ratio of new materials in the North
Figure 3: Change in net asset rate of return for the single quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the year
In 2008, the Central University of Finance and Economics entered the securities industry, with many years of experience in industrial research, and in 2011 with the Eung Xing bonds, engaged in building materials, analyzing the research views of the researchers themselves. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.