Building materials for new construction in North (000786), Māori increase, financial cost decrease and performance high South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company released its mid-year report in 2018, which achieved operating income of $5.99 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 31.3 per cent over the previous half; net return profit of $1.3 billion, an increase of 90.3 per cent over the same year; cash flow generated from business activities, which increased significantly in the first half of 2018 and benefited from an increase in the Māori rate and a decrease in the cost rate during the first half of the company ' s business.
Supermarkets expect a 90% increase in net profit returns from the same year, with high performance gains benefiting mainly from the short-term of two gestations, environmental inspectors moving into normality, companies still having a stable profitability based on cost and cost controls, and looking at companies with high performance growth throughout 2018. Companies, as industry leaders, have a clear advantage in cost and cost control.
Prices of raw materials are rising downwards, Māori rates and net interest rates are maintained at high levels, while for other small businesses in the industry, cost controls are weak and raw materials prices in the context of environmental inspectors are likely to remain high, which will accelerate the exit of such enterprises from the market.
• In the long term, the company is looking at a further increase in market ownership and beneficial assembly construction. (1) The company’s products and a new wave of Thaksin gypsum are being implemented, bringing the company’s future total gypsum capacity to 3 billion m2/year: in 2018, the company’s proposed consolidation of the second largest enterprise in the industry, Shandong’s construction materials, has further enhanced the company’s presence in stone.
Investments and layouts in the ointment industry. The company’s share of cities in the western and southern regions is lower than in the northern regions. In terms of public production expansion, the distribution of the south and west regions has increased, and the company’s overall presence is expected to increase further. (2) The gypsum is the ideal wall material in the assembly building, which is the boom in the assembly construction industry.
At this point, the company may benefit significantly. The assembly building is growing faster abroad, the domestic assembly building accounts for a lower proportion of the new building area, and the domestic assembly building is currently in the policy-guided implementation phase.
For the next three years, the net return profit will be maintained at a combined growth rate of 26 per cent, taking into account the significant increase in the company's performance in the plasterboard industry (2017-10-15)
The “buy-in” rating is maintained on the long-term status, cost-control capabilities, and potential beneficial build-up extension. Risks; (3) the risk of large-scale overseas litigation payments; and (4) the risk of low-than-expected build-up.
Assumption 2: Slow domestic economic growth, housing regulation policies are largely smooth, company capacity expansion plans are gradually moving into production, and scenario 3: no significant change in the cost rate during the company period.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for the period 2018-2020 as follows:
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.