New material in the north compared to new material (000786.sz)
The company issued its mid-term report for 2018. During the reporting period, operating revenues were realized at $5,988 million, a 31.27 per cent increase; operating profits at $1,472 million, a 73.18 per cent increase over the same period; and corporate gypsums at $5,248 million in the first half of the year, a 30.78 per cent increase over the same period, at a cost of $3,250 million.
Dollars, year-on-year growth of 19.09; revenue increases faster than costs, showing higher cost transfer power. The company returns unpublished production and sales data for the first half of the year, and we estimate that sales for the first half of the year are almost equal to the same period last year. This results in annual company revenue of about $6.06 per square metre, $3.75 per square metre and net profit for the square metre.
The price of q2 square metres is almost equal to q1 and q2 earned $3.490 billion in single-quarters, an increase of 25.46 per cent in the same year; it belongs to a listed company, North New Materials (000786).
We're going to add up to the yield release cycle and hope to hit Davis twice.
Disassembly measurements; according to our calculations, q2 quarter square metres earns about $6.05, square rice cost $3.71, square rice net profit 1.60, q2 square metres slightly less than $6.08 of q1, but it's very good.
At the same level of $4.80 last year, the value of the new North wood (000786), which is a monopoly, has risen significantly, and the cost has continued to fall over the period.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate rose by 5.05 percentage points, with the Māori rate in the gypsum business.
Quantifications: New material in North (000786): Industry integration rate of 10.75 per cent over 1h18, a decrease of 0.79 percentage points over the same period, mainly as a result of a marked decrease in sales and financial costs, which were 2.89 per cent for the reporting period, respectively
The production capacity of the company continues to increase, with the company entering a new phase of expansion: 1h18, with the company's gypsum having a capacity of 2,217 million square metres and an increase of 35 million square metres from 2,182 million square metres at the end of 17 years: the company's planned long-term capacity is 3 billion square metres, first half of the year, Thai.
In June, the company announced that private cardboard companies would build 10,000 good materials through their own production lines and industry integration, company size would continue to grow, and market ownership would continue to increase.
At the end of the demand, the new second renovation cycle in the stock market will drive the increase in the demand for the cardboard: in the incremental market, real estate investment continues to grow at a more robust pace, and we expect 18 years of housing.
Real estate investments are expected to grow by more than 5%, thus driving the need for cast boards. Moreover, policies such as the development of assembly buildings and the construction of “Yun An” have further released space for demand, and the ointment rate as a wall material is expected to continue to rise.
There is a large gap between 2 square metres/person/year, and developed countries (10 square metres/person/year in the United States, 8 square metres/person/year in Japan). With a shift in consumption awareness and national support for the development of new building materials, the per capita consumption of our gypsum is expected to increase.
The recent increase in stock + increment + penetration is expected to lead to a sustained increase in market demand for corporate gypsums. It maintains a “buy-in” rating.
We believe that the gypsum industry benefits from the rise of assembly buildings and the start of the housing market, and that the company, as a leader of the industry, is expected to increase its market share further in a more environmentally friendly environment. In the future, profits will increase as the company's pricing power evolves.
The risk of litigation leading to corporate loss: the risk of downgrading real estate investments.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.