ii China Telecom (601728.sh)
On April 11, 2025, China Telecom released its annual report for 2024, and in 2024, the company realized that 523,569 million yuan had been collected, and that the company would have been able to make a difference.
Billion yuan, +2.9 per cent; net profit to mother $33.012 billion, +84.4 per cent, net profit to parent 1) steady growth in basic business, basic good \triangleright
Millions of households, mobile users arpu at $45.6, an increase of $0.2 per cent. We believe that the company will significantly enrich the integration platform, speed up the upgrading of the mobile network to 5g-a, promote the upgrading of the ai application through the re-engineering of the ai technology 5g application and client perception, and speed up the flow of quantum secret messages and cell phones.
The scale of new operations, such as satellites, is expanding and the volume of operations is expected to remain stable. $125.7 billion, or 2.1 per cent, in income from network and intelligent family services, of which smart family operations Basic data: 31 December 2024
We believe that smart family business is the main driving force of growth, that user value enhancement will become the main melody, that the market for fttr and gigabytes of applications is wide, and that companies around the brand of "beautiful home" are accelerating the promotion of intelligent applications across the house, and that intelligent applications are being upgraded.
Actively creating a new ai+ application scene, adding to the opening of the sunk market, with the promise of creating branded communities, rural life circles and service circles, and continuing differential development dynamics. (2) Production and revenue targets are met, and emerging areas are reinvigorated
In 2024, the industry digitized its revenues.
Up to $146.6 billion, or +5.5 per cent, representing 30.4 per cent of service income, and +0.5 per cent of service income, and completing war new operations such as long poles, clouds, quantum, satellites, vehicle connectivity, visual networking and other breakthroughs abroad, international business revenues of $1.688 billion, or +15.4 per cent, were over 260 in the direction of global business coverage; and the sky and sky.
Zhao Tianwoo doubles his earnings; overseas car connections exceed 600,000. We believe that the company has broken through key techniques such as distributional reasoning, combined push, 100 km of non-destructive transmission, and so on, with the "Silent Border" platform for intelligence services.
The technology is expected to benefit from the increased penetration of large models in the hundreds of industries in society, and digital demand will continue to be an important second-growth curve for companies. The ai, quantum/security, satellite communications, etc. have opened new growth lanes.
The SMART has made more than 10,000 clients, introduced custom-made i-phones for the built-in, self-researched large-scale speech-semantics model, and launched smart terminals such as i-cams, i-coon computers, i-family screens to optimize the depth of the mainstream intelligence chip with the big model series Deepseek-r1/v3 and become the country's leader.
The company’s ability to deliver quantum services continues to improve, with more than 2,000 clients in important sectors in the quantum field, with more than 5 million digitally classified users, security revenues of $16.2 billion, compared to 17.2% in satellite communications, mobile phones and satellite communications.
Direct satellite access exceeded 2.4 million, the world's first “car direct satellite”, working with a number of car companies on a cross-cutting basis, and satellite communications revenue was the same as +71.2 per cent, and we believe that companies have made significant breakthroughs in emerging areas and completed a number of industry start-ups in key technology areas such as starland integration, connectivity, wireless ai, etc.
The increasing impact of field experiments is expected to create new growth dynamics for companies.3 Capital spending continues to decline, and arithmetic investment remains a priority
The company maintains a sound and accurate investment strategy that underpins the growth and development of new and emerging strategic businesses, building cloud networks, integrating digital information infrastructure. The smart-thinking layout is too predictable, has reached 50 computing partners, owns 62-eflops, and has built two fully liquid and cold pools in Kyoto and the Long Triangle.
Deployment of karaokes in areas such as Kyushu, where intellectual resources amount to 35 eflops (plan 2024, billions of yuan, 5.4 per cent; plan 2025, 83.6 billion yuan, 10.6 per cent, but with arithmetic investment, i.e., moderate pre-wind cloud network infrastructure, idc upward trend to aaidc, and i.e., calibration will lead.
As the value of the network rises, cloud computing remains at the heart of future business transformations.
In tandem with the growth in corporate value, and in an effort to enhance profitability and cash flow creativity, it is planned that the profits that companies will distribute in cash over three years will gradually increase to 75 per cent of the profits that shareholders should have in that year, creating a greater value for shareholders on a continuous basis.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: The company is expected to return to its net profits for the period 2025-2027, and we believe that the growth in profits from corporate income is robust, while capital expenditure as a share of revenue continues to decline, with a further increase in the red rate, and that there is still room for improvement in the valuation against mainstream overseas operators, maintaining a “buy-a” rating.
The risk of a drop in the speed of users in the communications industry, the risk of an increase in the weather cloud base and a slowdown in market competition. \triangleright
Due to external policy constraints or the limited internal supply of additional intellectual targets, the risk cannot be met on time. \triangleright reasonable basis. \Triangleright. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.