China Telecom (601728) 2024 reported a steady increase in performance throughout the year, with a strong emphasis on shareholder returns.
One billion yuan, or 3.5 per cent more than the same year, of which 16.1 per cent was added to the income from mobile value addition and applications, 425 million households and 45.6 dollars for mobile arpus; 197 million broadband users and 47.6 dollars for broadband integration.
Continuous promotion of integration elements such as connectivity, terminals, applications, entitlements, and acceleration of the upgrading of mobile networks to 5g-a, household broadband to gigabytes and ftr. Key data are available on 9 April 2025
Industrial digitized business: achieving remarkable growth gains. The company has seized the opportunity of a digital transition, building on a new trend in consumption driven by digital technology, achieving industrial digitized income of $1466 million in 2024, an increase of 17.2% over the same period; and including artificial intelligence and intelligence provided to clients.
The smart income from roe (ttm) services, etc., amounts to $8.9 billion, an increase of 195.7% over the same period.
The value and value of the enterprise grew in tandem, with the profits distributed in cash in 2024 accounting for 72 per cent of the profits of the same year's shareholders, and total dividends distributed throughout the year increased by 11.4 per cent over the same period.
Breaking through key technologies such as distributed reasoning, mixed push, 100 km of non-destructive transmission, building up the country's first full-size, full-model, nationalized trillion-dollar model system of parameters, with new inventions of exclusive authorizations increasing by 115.9% over the same period, is ranked second among global operators.
Investment recommendations: In the context of smooth operations in the solid base and faster growth of emerging operations, it is explained that the rating system's “market index”,a with a depth of 300 index points, and the new three-board reference point, with a three-board guideline. The funder is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk” and a “stable” investor is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.