The Bulls Group (603195) light-manufacturing, well-run and brightly-growing, southwest securities research and development centre.
• Summary of performance: the company published its semi-annual report for 2022, with 2022h1 generating $6.84 billion, or +17.5 per cent of the year; the mother ' s net profit of $1.5 billion, or +6 per cent of the year; and the net profit of $1.37 billion, or +4 per cent of the year.
Precision of costs and release of profitability. In the first half of the second half of the year, the company combined Māori rate was 35.9 per cent (-1.6 pp) and the q2 Māori ring rebounded, mainly as a result of increased cost control by the company, which hedged the purchase of copper and plastic particles to minimize price volatility of raw materials.
At 11.2% (+1.2 pp), the sales cost was 5% (+1 pp), mainly due to the company’s emerging effectiveness of strategic advisory services and a strong profitability advantage. The Māori ratio of 2022q2 increased during the period. The net operating cash flow was $1.15 billion, a 28.1% decrease in the same period.
• Traditional track advantages are strong, and new products are rising rapidly. By category, 1) power-connected business products are further refined. Through home-based innovations in higher-end plug-in products, new products such as multi-power high-charge electric guns are introduced, deep-rooted businesses such as electric duct tape, wiring plates, and product layouts continue to take the lead.
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s electricity connection generated $3.36 billion (+12.3 per cent). 2) The smart electrician lighting industry generated $3.26 billion (+23.6 per cent), of which the wall-opening and plug-in revenues increased by 14.1 per cent compared to the previous year, the led lighting business revenue increased by 37.7 per cent compared to the previous year, the bathhouses, baths and baths.
Other electric lighting products, such as circuit breakers, smart homes, have grown by 60.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, new products have grown faster, and a one-stop matrix of household pre-loading is gradually emerging, with no headlights breaking further. 3) Digital parts business earns $200 million, an increase of 16.1 per cent, and new items such as outdoor mobile power are introduced.
In the first half of 2022, companies continued to deepen their channels, the initial layout of multiple networks and the downfall of the entire specialty area to more than 7,000 townships. 2) In the context of the hardware channel strategy, marketing activities such as contracting with the vip core customers and the construction of the led franchise were carried out.
It continues to drive steady growth across all categories of goods; at the same time, it is active in developing corporate channels and new business styles by importing high-end, young products to meet the needs of young consumers, using the 3c digital store, tidal store, fine bookstores, high-end supermarkets, etc.
In the first half of 2022, b-channel sales increased by 69%: 4) by means of digital platforms such as tremors, mini-red books, b-stations, and tremors.
5. New energy sources began to be established in March this year, with a major effort to expand the market for new energy chargers under the line, and to expand the number of specialized outlets such as new energy truck vendors, car dress shops, etc. 2. Bulls Group (603195).
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.