Bulls Group (603195): Business lines are steady. Bulls Group, Bulls Group Inc. was founded in 1995.
The net profit is 1,508 million yuan, or +6.08 per cent. Of this amount, q2 Battalion received 3,760 million yuan, compared to the same amount, focusing on the development, production and marketing of electric power products, which are centred on converters, wall switches and plugs.
Expanding the categories of goods through channels and technological advantages, enabling the steady growth of lines of operation and the availability of new products in the future. Power lines in converters (i.e. extension of wire plugs, mobile plugs, etc.), walls, wall switches, light, digital accessories, etc.
In the first half of the year, the company’s lines of operation grew steadily.
New items, such as plugs, have been growing fast since last year. New energy charge guns and poles are technically connected to the company’s main product, and companies have a prior advantage and are expected to fully enjoy the industry’s development.
The company continues to work to break through the offline channels. 2) The smart electrician lighting business collects $3263 million, compared to the same time when the company focuses on the pre-loading and builds a matrix of electric lighting products to meet the consumer ' s one-stop purchase needs in order to bring about rapid growth in the multi-goods sector through a combination of channels and advantages, and counter-growth under pressure from the property.
Total stock/flowa shares (million shares) The company seeks to create a home-wide intelligent ecology with a headlight at its core.
Pre-sales went well, gradually importing existing c-gates: smart door locks, smart clothes dryers, etc. Smart products are growing rapidly.
Business is under pressure. The company has made a major effort to develop online channels, using technological advantages to push for high-end positioning layouts, and has successfully seized the opportunity for growth in outdoor storage and reverse growth in the digital component business. c end channels have a strong numerical advantage, b end channels have developed rapidly with c end experience, and the channel has a continuing advantage.
By the end of the reporting period, there were more than 1.1 million company networks with significant advantages. The company fully utilized the network ' s operational advantages and moved beyond the minib channel to lay the groundwork for product expansion. The company has set up two major marketing systems, toc, tob, and continues to promote complementarities between the bottom, line, and end of the network.
1. (c) Channels: Underline, new networks are continuously being expanded to enhance the power of the million network sites. The emphasis is on home-wide smart ecology, which is sold mainly through decorative channels, and currently stands at more than 120,000 sites. This year, it has been introduced to the headlights, and now completes the initial layout of more than 8,000 sites and is moving forward smoothly; and the company is sinking.
In the case of new energy chargers, companies focus on expanding specialized outlets such as tram sellers, car beauty shops, etc., and now cover thousands of outlets. On-line, companies are actively developing product types for online channels, successfully building orbital plugs, charging guns, etc., and maintaining the switch.
(b) Channels: the company uses orphan lamps as a core.
Heart, focus on small b-channels, and make full use of its own c-end operating experience.
In the first half of the year, the revenue from the b-way increased by 69%. The marginal improvement in the Māori rate was evident, with the introduction of new products increasing the cost of sales and greater certainty about profitability in the future.
The return in the second half of the year will boost profitability; in the future, corporate profitability is expected to increase as new products are released and sales are reduced.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies are leading the country’s civil power industry, power connections, and fence-opening operations are strong. Companies are continuing to expand their product classes, driven by their ability to operate channels and the technological advantages of electricity connectivity, to boost performance.
Bulls Group (603195): Business lines are growing steadily, new types of goods are expanding smoothly, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
East Hing Securities Company, Bulls Group (603195): Business lines are growing steadily and new products are expanding smoothly
Changja Jay, research assistant profile, Shen Chong Lwin.
He spends on light work research, and analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.