The Bulls Group (603195.sh) has successfully expanded new lines of business, with traditional operations showing resilience, new product-based income growth and robust performance growth. 2022.1 Operating income of $6,838 million has increased by the same amount.
17.5 per cent; second quarter operating income of $3.760 billion, an increase of 15.8 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers 6.4 per cent; income growth, based mainly on improved product matrices, diversification of channels, innovation, which are more responsive to consumer demand and hence increased sales; and new products such as charge guns, headbands, etc.
q2 companies, mainly through product price hikes, as a result of increased costs of raw materials; projected increases in sales costs in the second half of the year, mainly due to strategic advisory inputs and increased business extension inputs; and management cost rates.
The same ratio - 0.09 pp-3.40 per cent: R & D cost ratio +0.35 pp to 3.65 per cent: Financial cost rate is equal to the same score, traditional business innovation is rising steadily. The electricity connection/smart electrician lighting/digital parts industry accounts for 49 per cent-48 per cent of the total, and the smart electrician lighting industry accounts for a further increase.
Three operations, wall switches plugs, led lighting and other smart products, were officially launched in the same month, with an income of 54 million in the first half of the year; other smart products, mainly smart ecological products such as bathhouses, smart door locks, smart clothes dryers, smart curtains, etc., grew rapidly in the first half of the year.
Bulls Group (603195.sh) - Smart electrician's lighting revenues increased by 36.9%, channels split, b channels focused. In the first half of the year, end-of-end decorating channels began the market import of new business without main lights, completing the initial layout of more than 8,000 web sites, and further developing the whole package.
Mid-Year Review: New and Old Business Convergence, Specialized Zone Construction; C end hardware channel continues to have an advantage; c end-of-end digital channel shop styles continue to flourish.
Rich; new energy channels started to be formed in March of this year; b-channel 2022 bulls are intellectually unowned.
The mid-year review for the period 603195-2020: Bull strikes, full power lines adhere to the full-grade development strategy, with a year-on-year ratio of 15%. Investment proposals: watch for new and old businesses and new and old channels to work together. We maintain revenue projections, while maintaining the base.
The price of copper in raw materials is high this year, the Maori rate is under pressure, and performance projections are revised downward. Income performance is expected to be robust, product innovation leading to growth, new product class-led income growth and robust performance growth. Business income of 2022.1 million yuan, a year-on-year increase, is expected to be positive.
17.5 per cent; of this total, operating income of $3.760 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 15.8 per cent over the same period.
At the same time, new products such as chargers, headlamps are adding up; at the same time, they are increasing their market competition through product upgrades, and raising the unit price of their products. As a result of this increase, q2 companies are under pressure to hedge costs mainly through product price increases; raw materials are expected to be at a flat price in the second half of the year.
The decline in operating cash is due to the extension of taxes and fees and the increase in inputs. 2022h1 net operating cash flow is a delay in paying taxes and fees, which are $249 million less than at the end of 2021; 2) strategic advisory inputs, business pushers
Broad inputs, increased power source inputs; 3) implementation of schemes such as talent introduction, equity incentives, etc., and employee remuneration, with a steady increase in traditional business innovations in the category. The share of business connection/smart electrician lighting/digital accessories is 49%-48%/3%, and the share of smart electrician lighting is further increased.
Three lines of business: wall switches, led lighting, and other smart products, respectively, grew by 14.1%/37.7% and 60.7% respectively. Of the light units, the lightless lights were hatched from last year, and the product was launched in March this year, with 54 million revenues in the first half of the year; other smart products included bathhouses, smart door locks, and other smart products.
Smart clothes dryers, smart drape machines, and other smart eco-products have grown rapidly in the first half of the year.
Covering mainstream power provider platforms, short video platforms; accelerating the development and marketing of b-end channels, engineering projects, and actively exploring overseas markets to speed up the global layout. In the first half of this year, end-of-end decorating channels began the market import of new business headlamps, completing the initial layout of more than 8,000 web sites and further developing them.
Total speciality area sinking: C-end hardware channels continue to have an advantage: C-end digital channels continue to be enriched: new energy channels began to be established in March this year; b-end bulls strengthened head start-up companies in 2022 with intellectual control of orphan light products, and b-end sales revenue increased by +69 per cent in the first half of the year.
All-goods development strategy, year-on-year +15 per cent. Investment proposal: take good stock of old and new business and the combination of new and old channels.
We see that companies, through their own R & D, innovation, manufacturing and channel advantages, continue to move into more civilian electricians and intelligent households to achieve long-term robust growth. We maintain income projections, based on the high price of copper from raw materials this year, and the pressure of the Maori rate, and lower it.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject