2022q2 over-expected growth in income and improved profitability of the Bulls Group (603195.sh) 18/08/2022
The net profit is 866 million yuan (+6.37 per cent). Given product upgrading and price increases, the construction of channels for steady-term ups and upswings, coupled with product conversions, led to higher-than-expected growth of q2 q2, the construction of sink channels and the construction of new channels for accelerated q2 q1 acceleration, the increase in product innovation and price increases. (2) The intelligent electrician lighting industry
In the first half of the year, the outbreak affected South China and East China, which generated $3263 million (+23.62%). Further splitting shows that 2022h1 walls are open/led lighting/life appliances/breakers are the same number as the same number of primary lights. (2) The power vendor channel is the same as +15%, and it is expected that the bottom c channel will be the same.
The same increase of 10-15%, the sinking of the decorative channels of the steady growth major department, and the opening of new industries through hardware. As the new energy distribution system and the construction of the orphan light channel move forward, as well as the company’s integration and strategic direction for the existing sink channels, the bottom-line capacity continues to look at the collaborative development of both old and new businesses.
The ring q1 has been the result of price increases in the company’s whole class since 2022q2. At the cost end, 2022h1 sales, attention is paid to the new energy connection, led lighting, higher sales costs, mainly due to strategic advisory inputs, increased business extension inputs, and management efficiency drive fees.
"2022q1 Performance Ring Improved. Keep looking at new.
The non-repatriated net profit of 1.373 billion yuan (+3.93 per cent) is derived mainly from q1 government subsidies for the same period (+6.37 per cent) and the non-repatriated net profit of 811 million yuan (+6.30 per cent). Income is divided by product: 2022q2 electricity company accepts price increases to maintain a high robust growth rate and wall opening operations to China.
The impact of the Eastern epidemic has slowed down: (1) 2,022h1 electricity connection generated 3,356 million yuan, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the previous quarter, with a robust growth forecast of 20,222 electricity connection operations, an increase in the acceleration ring ratio of o1, mainly driven by the converter.
The new energy-connection business is expected to be 2022h1 in size, exceeding $40 million, and the product lines are gradually being enriched. (2) 2022h1 smart electrician lighting has generated 32.63 billion yuan, an increase of 23.62 per cent, a single season.
The expected acceleration of the q1 acceleration is mainly due to the impact of the 2022q2 outbreak in the East China region. Further splitting shows that the 2022h1 wall is open, light, appliances, circuit breakers and the ratio are +14.13%, +37.67%, +60.7%, and +52.57% respectively.
Revenues are divided by channel: b-channels are steadily moving forward, and sub-c-end decorating channels and hardware channels together (1) 2022h1b end channels are increasing by 69% on the same basis. High growth is low on the one hand, and public on the other.
The company, with its smart headlights at its core, has established partnerships with well-known head-dressing companies, such as Saint-Dou, Peaks, Shells, etc. (2) 2022H1 power lines have grown by 15% over the same period, and the company has continued to promote the full package, platform-wide digitization camp.
Sales strategy, multi-series plug-in products and new energy chargers for power suppliers. (3) The projected increase of 10 to 15 per cent in line C below 2022H1 is based on a steady growth of 10 to 15 per cent.
(iii) Operational capacity: 1,145 million yuan (-28.07 per cent) in operating cash flow from 2022h1 companies is mainly due to the increase in safe inventory due to the impact of the epidemic, with the stock turnover days of 57.59 days, an increase of 11 days from the same date.
In the first half of the year, the company's innovation pushed out of multiple new items, such as stand-up lamps, a new generation of high-power charge guns, communication/direct charge poles, and so on.
The wall opens up a large-scale, differentiated-banded product for the economy’s price segments, and further enriches the company’s product lines and price belts to meet different consumer needs. The channels continue to deepen the hardware and decorative channels, among which are the hardware channels, the new business, the introduction of high-end, rejuvenation products into high-end, fine-book, high-end supermarkets, etc.:
On the one hand, the adornment channel has accelerated the import of the headlights into the core gate, while on the other hand, it has continued to upgrade the sink channel complex, which has now imported 8,000 terminal shops and completed the integrated layout of 7,000 downdoors, which are in line with expectations at the beginning of the year. In addition, new locksmith shops, door shops, and collections have been opened for bathhouses, smart locks, etc.
The expansion of product lines and price belts, coupled with the deepening of channels, is expected to lead to long-term growth of dual-empowerment companies. In terms of capacity, new energy grids, 2022h1, have been put into production and are growing steadily as the cost of self-control rises. In terms of walls, the short-term rate of growth affected by the epidemic slows down, as the epidemic subsides and sinkes.
(2) With regard to lighting operations, there has been a steady increase in the layout of the main light source, with the training of older distributors and the piloting or piloting of the new distributors into a fast-growing trajectory. The acquisition of Bunche intelligence to build a home-wide control system, overall competitiveness, or upgrading.
(3) In the case of household appliances, there is a strong synergy between the channel side and wall-opening and the sale of led lighting products. The current matrix layout of corporate products is well developed, and with the steady upgrading of underline integrated doors, we expect that the household appliances will continue to grow in high double-digit numbers.
(4) With regard to the new power-connection business, the share of electricity suppliers is solid, the system of offline distribution is beginning to work, the system of professional distributors is gradually taking shape, and end-of-service shops, such as auto shops, 4s shops, etc., have opened up thousands of homes and achieved a monthly increase in sales, and we expect to see rapid growth throughout the year, with the phase of development moving from 0-1.
In the long term, the company proposes three strategic directions: (1) a new energy storage operation with new energy connections, distributed storage at its core; (2) an intelligent ecology with no headlights at its core, and an intelligent control industry with walls at its core; (3) development abroad through new energy operations. The company has a brand image of “electric security” and channels.
Genes are built, and strategic business will be better developed in the future, with brands and channels for capacity-building. Sales of new products will not be as well as expected; channels will not be developed as expected; and the risks of competition in the industry will increase.