• Community with community with community with community with accelerated grid recharge, new energy operations with renewable energy (603195.sh) • Community with community with accelerated grid recharge, new energy operations with sustainable “buy-in” ratings
The Bulls Group has entered into a comprehensive and important partnership with the National CyberCarnet Technology Corporation, which aims to win by consolidating the advantages of both parties' R & D technology and operational services in the field of power-filling poles, and this collaboration is expected to accelerate the company's ability to recharge the grid products in the communities where they are located. With the industry's high profile and the community's downfall, the company's new energy power grid will be reduced.
We maintain profit predictions, expect to coexist with “slow exchange of wisdom + rapid response”, slow communication in the community or as one of the main applications, “slow exchange of wisdom + fast-loading of public pillars” charging systems or for the future of the industry.
The data show that 2,677,000 domestic chargeposts were held in 2021, and that 595.9/259.7.9.9.9.9.91.06 million public/specialized/private posts were expected to be held in 2026, totalling 37.83 per cent. Of these, the public charged piles addressed the need for emergency charge: most of them were small direct-flow posts, mainly for business.
As the power supply infrastructure increases, the power grid peaks loads and grids are more difficult to regulate, thus increasing the cost to end-users of electricity. The State Department therefore proposes to actively promote the use of an orderly, slow-loading service model for residential areas supported by emergency response.
Externally, research on the national network shows that the next 80% of electric vehicles will be charged in communities using slow communication, which is easy to communicate with communities with lower electricity costs, or one of the main applications. • Together with the national network, resources will be integrated to mitigate or accelerate the growth of new energy operations.
The National Cybernet Technology Company, a subsidiary of the national grid, which uses its smart charging system platform to overcharge electricity by sequencing and adjusting power, is expected to reduce the cost of electricity use and address the lack of power distribution capacity in small areas, 2022q2 Over-expected growth in revenue and profitability
In the past, it has been difficult to or alleviate the problem of community charging stumps caused by power-upgrading problems. The company’s current new energy sources, the Rings, have improved - the company’s update report. The electrical connection is covered from charge guns to straight-flow fast-filled pillars, meeting the slow and direct flow of communication between the community, business and industry.
Fast-loading demand. This partnership with the national grid technology firm is expected to accelerate the community in which the company's grid-filled products are located by integrating the company's products, Channels, supply chain advantages, core competitive advantages, technical capabilities, and national network charging services.
Now, focus on new energy power connections, led lighting.