The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreational Studies 20 income growth is resilient, and h2 profits can be improved for a period of up to $810 million. With the impact of the epidemic, the overall performance of 2q has been better.
2q income growth is resilient, and the new category has made steady breakthroughs: in the sub-operations, the electricity connection business H1 income was equal to an increase of 12.3 to 3.36 billion yuan, of which the conversion class 2q is expected to continue to grow in double digits under the effects of the epidemic. In addition, the charge gun, the charget, continued to grow rapidly, and it has expanded by thousands at end c.
Intelligent electrician lighting business h1 and 1. " New product expansion, long-term growth path " , clear-cut - Bull Group Quarterly Review, 2022.4.26.
In addition to the growth, the orphan lamp has made a breakthrough, completing the initial layout of more than 8,000 network sites. In addition, the digital component H1 has earned between +16.1 and €200 million. Sub-channels show that the company has maintained steady growth, except for the c-channels, where the b-end has continued to function, and where the H1 co-loading site is already more than 10,000 co-located and of good quality.
The short-term performance pressure, with long-term growth capacity, is still excellent The firm collaboration of the producer companies, with b-side total income of +69 per cent and electricity channel revenue of +15 per cent.2q Māori ratio ring ratio has improved significantly, h2 profit repairable period: company Māori rate of the first half of the year is the same ratio--
4. " The penalty has a less impact on performance and will be modified to raise the interest rate ring by 2.6 pct. And the price of copper, the main raw material, has now begun to fall marginally, with the company ' s 2q sales cost ratio of +1.2 pct to 4.8 per cent on the face of July, mainly as a result of increased investment in strategic advice.
In addition, the ratio of 2q management costs was equal -0.5 to 2.9 per cent and the ratio of R & D costs was equal +0.2 to 3.7 per cent.
The need to innovate, and to continuously deepen the capacity of traditional niches, underpins a robust growth in traditional business. With branding, supply chain synergies, firms continue to accelerate their response channels.
(b) The expansion of the channel at end of Shelley b; the expansion of the new product category; and the substantial increase in the price of raw materials.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment