In close cooperation with China on the smart selection model, the transformation actively promoted the retroversion period (600104.sh)
• On 21 February, the company and China signed a deep cooperation agreement on the smart selection model in order to cooperate in depth with China on the intellectual selection model and to promote the transition from top to bottom. The two sides will work together strategically in the areas of product definition, manufacturing, supply chain management, marketing services, etc.
New energy smart cars. We look forward to working together on such advantages as the high level of corporate support in Shanghai City and experienced young management in such areas as marketing, technology, shipping, supply chains, state-owned business background, and marketing dilemmas such as China, and the optimization of organizational structures.
The company, which was the leading domestic car driver for the fuel-car era, was the first domestic sales in 18 consecutive years, but the slow pace of the electric transition has led to a sales overhang in recent years, with the first sales outpaced by Biadi in 2024. In particular, Biadi states that the full-size model will be fully covered with high-level intellectual driving, which will lead to positive follow-up by other drivers in the industry.
They are leading smart technologies, product definitions, marketing services, and so on, and they help to better compete in an age of intelligence. At the same time, companies, as industry leaders for many years, have many advantages in product definition, manufacturing, supply chain management, marketing services, etc., and can provide production, channels, etc. in the process of working with China.
At present, companies are moving forward with the reorganisation of “large-car blocks” and the consolidation of brand resources, such as glory, and the introduction of the ipd system, optimizing the speed of R&D processes and market responses, and creating a better internal environment to accommodate China. • Supported by state corporate resource endowments/comprehensive reforms/flexibility, companies compete at the bottom of the intellectual age.
Secretary of the Shanghai City Council Chen Ji Ning said that the city was going to create a synergy that would support the transformation of motor power smartness, and that companies were expected to enjoy the benefits of qualification reviews and so on in the age of intelligence. At the same time, the company’s internal leadership was driven by management change.
For example, the joint venture has been able to take advantage of the power-intelligent transformation of joint ventures and autonomous brands, and to make full use of the Seven Technology Basements, and the China-Intelligent Reversement period - the company has covered the value of the technology for the first time, thus emerging from the adverse situation that has characterized the slow transformation of electricity in recent years.
2025.2.19 Cards will build on the company's electrodynamic technology to further advance home-grown research and development, and the Audi brand will build on the smart technology: Autonomous brands will enhance technological empowerment, and full empowerment is expected to open the way to the rise of large-scale cars.
In addition, companies will continue to share large overseas markets by promoting more power-driven vehicle models such as blending and hev.