In 2024, stable terminal sales were higher than wholesale sales. The upper gas group terminal delivery was 4.639,000 vehicles, higher than the wholesale sale of 4.03 million, and the current stock level was safe after steadily moving to the vault. On the structural end, new energy sources, 12.34 million vehicles, or +9.9 per cent, were accumulated throughout the year.
Overseas market terminal delivery amounted to 1.82 million vehicles, compared to +2.6%, with steady growth under adverse effects such as EU countervailing. In 2024, corporate terminals were stronger than wholesales, smoothed out of stock, and effectively reduced business risks. 2025 Autonomously accelerated new energy transformation joint ventures improved steadily.
New technologies like \triangleright for dmh double power mixer technology, Cube Battery system, Nebula pure electric system platform" Basehouse, Rongway focuses on the domestic market and will launch a compact pure/plug-in-car type, pure in 2025.
1. Biadi (002594.sz) series rating 1: monthly stocking of 4-5 items such as electricity/mixed medium suv, accelerated integration with flyfan at R & D, marketing, services, etc., and increased branding influence; mg will accelerate the transformation of new energy sources, achieving $8.3 million in 2025 in 6 new vehicles
2. Biadi (002594.sz) series evaluation II: 2023 sale slots are fully covered, with the launch of a global head start with a semi-solid battery model; intellectual self-interest has accelerated, with the introduction of an incremental vehicle model to hit high-end markets. In joint ventures, general-purpose confidence, survival, development, and focus.
Key vehicle models such as Kgl8, Ankowi, Junta, and ct5 will increase the pace of hybrid vehicle roll-out; top-up public 3. Biadi (002594.sz) series III: Export support, special focus on profitable oil tankers, Ody's active collaboration to enhance intellectual competence, under the brand-new Audi.
The top-end + intelligent evolution 2024/, the first high-end smart-net combined electric vehicle model will also be marketed in 2025, actively transforming to new energy sources.
In 2024, companies responded to changes in their state business, and organizational changes took place. 1) Strengthening State enterprise reform: Secretary of the Shanghai City Commission, Chen Gilning, pointed out that companies need to focus on domestic markets and new energy car developments to drive systemic change; 2) Management change: company directors, directors and many important ones.
With the support of Shanghai’s municipal government and the strong efforts of the new management, the company is expected to accelerate the pace of reform, accelerate the transformation of its intellectual power, and reverse its dilemmas.
EU tariffs may have an impact on export sales volume and profits. Figure 1: Upwind group wholesale sales and same-time increases (vehicles; %) Figure 2: Upstream mass wholesale sales and same-year increases (vehicles; %)
Figure 3: General wholesale volume and same rate of increase in upper gas (vehicles; %) Figure 4: General volume and same rate increase in upper gas (vehicles; %) Figure 5: Volume and same rate increase in upper passenger vehicles (vehicles; %)
Figure 6: Upper gas exports and overseas base wholesale sales and the same rate of increase (vehicles; %) Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.