In the first quarter of 2018, the company achieved operating income of $516 million, an increase of 28.28 per cent over the previous year, and net return on maternity of $47 million, an increase of -11.31 per cent over the same period. In addition, rapid growth in smart security chip operations and indirect stock holding subsidiary purple
Changes in the scope of the combined statements after the creation of the Replenishment have increased corporate investment returns, and the company expects 2018 to be backed by the Purple Group, which is the company's indirect holding company, direct and indirect holding of the company's total equity.
_aaa_Purple (002049) report 36.77%. The Purple Group has formed a high-tech industrial ecological chain dominated by integrated circuits, ranging from “cores” to “clouds”.
Roadworks, the third largest cellular chip enterprise in the world. Since 2016, purple light has been built in Wuhan, Nanjing, Chengdu, with a total investment of nearly $100 billion in storage chips and storage plants, opening up the $100 billion grand layout of purple in the chip manufacturing industry for 10 years.
Listed companies in the semiconductor industry below the group flag are expected to benefit from the configuration of the chain of the group in the chip industry, including technology, finance, etc.
The company’s main products include smart card security chips, special integrated circuits, memory chips and crystal components. The company’s memory chip revenue increased by 72.96 per cent in 2017 over the same period, and its share of operating income also increased from 13.66 per cent in 2016 to 18.34 per cent.
Māori rates are lower than the rest of the company’s business, so the increase in the memory chip ratio temporarily lowers the overall Māori ratio of the public administration, but the memory chip will be a new growth point for the company’s future profits.
Products are being validated and rolled out in 2018. The company’s home-grown eccdram storage product, which is an autonomous innovation, has been sold in bulk in areas such as engineering, electricity, security, communications, and car electronics with safety and high reliability requirements.
The flash product has been validated and the client sample has begun. With the new product put into sale, the public sector’s profitability is expected to improve.
In 2017, the sales and sales of corporate smart security chips increased significantly and reached an all-time high. With a strong industrial chain integration advantage, the company achieved a breakthrough in the application of smart security chips in the product network market and held a leading position in the market.
In the field of safe bioidentification, safety netting, the newly developed high-performance safety chips will be the new growth point for smart terminal chip operations. The chip domestication process is not as good as expected; the storage chips are not being developed as expected.