And the next order will increase as the chip group develops.
The mobile chip market has changed dramatically in recent years, with cellular manufacturers such as Samsung, Apple, Wah, and Mi starting to design their own processors. These mobile phones, while treating powerful mobile-phone processors as a differentiated selling point, reduce their dependence on professional chip manufacturers.
According to a report released by CounterPiont, Samsung, Apple, and China are three companies that have gradually increased their share of their own chips, from 20% in 2015 to more than 30% in the third quarter of 2017. While the autonomous development of chips by mobile phone manufacturers poses a certain threat to professional manufacturers, the competitiveness of high access remains constant.
In my country, smartphone manufacturers are increasingly turning to high-fiscal dragon chips. According to rabbits, the market for popular cell phones in my country was 57.41% in 2016 and 5.73% in Heath in 2017.
Wang Satyu’s research assistant – 65.6%, Heath 13.92% – has achieved a much higher rate of ownership of the high-teach chip and the Chinese self-researched Heath chip market. With Mi’s successive roll-out of S1, s2, the mobile chip market has entered the age of masculinity.
2. We suggest two perspectives for the layout of the electronics sector. One is to focus on the high demand and the better-growing segments of downstream industries, and the growing demand will become a stable engine for industrial development, such as optical components, display plates, and a high level of growth space. The second is to focus on the country’s priority-supported sub-blocks that are industry-weekly products, policy foresight, market hot spots, market hot spots, etc.
The industry digs deep into one, with blocks, such as semiconductors, for investors seeking absolute returns. Stock only. Weekly updates, if shares are not changed, track points, if.
For the next three months, we're looking forward to it, and we think it's a good idea.
Some stock trends will significantly overcome the market, suggesting a focused configuration.
It is designed by the company "ic" and its main products include smart chip products, special integrated circuit products and storage chip products.
Its smart chip product is mainly borne by its subsidiary, Beijing Co-Personal Microelectronics Ltd.; special integrated circuit products are mainly carried out by Shenzhen City Microelectronics Limited; and storage chip products are mainly carried out by Xian Purple National Core Semiconductor Limited. Our semiconductor industry, which is late in its start, is less competitive, and the storage chip design industry, which is the heaviest of the semiconductor industry, is significantly behind and at the international level.
In 2017, after a downturn in 2016, corporate smart card operations resumed to grow, generating a business income of $339 million, an increase of 35.77 per cent, or 42.36 per cent of total revenue. In smart card chips, the company’s share of traffic cards continued to expand, becoming a new growth point for companies.
In the end chip, the company's non-contact readers have always maintained a leading market position in the second-generation CD chip market.3 The storage chip business has grown rapidly. In recent years, the country has been developing a semiconductor industry, especially the integrated circuit industry, as a rare storage chip company, the Purple national core, which has actively moved in. At present, the company's dram memory chip has developed a more complete series of product interfaces covering sdr, ddr, ddr2 and ddr3dram.
In 2017, the company's memory chip business now generated $335 million, an increase of 72.96 per cent. The company's newly developed products, such as ddr4, are being tested for excellence and will gradually move to the market this year. With the implementation of the country's integrated circuit industry policy system, storage chip and memory module series applications in the areas of servers, personal computers, and consumption have grown rapidly, and companies have not yet done so.
Risk factors: slow macroeconomic development; failure to expand storage operations as expected; increased currency exchange losses and a significant decline in the Maori rate.
\triangleright 20171127 Ultraviolet Kernel (002049): Replenishment of purple co-creation and establishment of the Chengdu Research and Development Centre to upgrade R & D capabilities 20180330 Ultraviolet Kernel (002049): steady growth of harvests and return of intelligent safety chips to fast-track development
Tianjin, Beijing University, Master of Business Administration, 8 years of experience in mobile phone development, laboratory management, etc. In 2015, he joined the Sindha Portfolio, Beijing University, Master of Science in Physics and Condensed Physics. In 2016, he joined the Sindam Portfolio and Master of Science in Computer Science.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.