Sindha's brilliant push, three stars marching to 7nm, Intel's delayed production of 10 nm in January and April, and chip manufacturers have published their latest manufacturing progress. The builder announces that its 7nm process is mature and started to produce chips.
Before that, power generation had already produced 18 products using 7nm technology, which would produce more than 50 products by the end of the year. Its 7nm technology would be applied in areas such as cpu, gpu, and moving soc. Three stars announced that they had completed their process development of 7nm, six months ahead of their previously projected production in the second half of 2018, and high-speed dragons 5g chips would be the first customers. Unlike Samsung, power generation 7nm, in April Intel announced that its production of 10nm would be delayed until the second half of the year.
Year. It is worth noting that no consensus has been reached on the measurement criteria and naming of advanced processes. Intel’s top-level view, “Fine Manufacturing Day,” suggests that the transistor density of the 10nm process technology of other plants is only equivalent to that of the 14nm process in Intel.
Yuan Hae-woo Research Assistant, without regard to containment costs, the cost of each chip consists of three parts of design costs, photo mask costs and manufacturing costs. When production is very high, the cost of each chip is reduced mainly by increasing the area of the crystal circle and reducing the size of the chip. The 12 inch is now the dominant crystal size. After 90 nm,
The technological nodes of 65nm, 45nm, 32nm, 22nm, 14nm, i.e., the lead in manufacturing at 10nm, 7nm (5nm) have made ground-breaking progress, and it is imperative that the 14nm process be launched by the heart of our chip manufacturing enterprise, which is already behind.
2. We suggest two perspectives for the layout of the electronics sector. One is to focus on the high demand and the better-growing segments of downstream industries, and the growing demand will become a stable engine for industrial development, such as optical components, display plates, and a high level of growth space. The second is to focus on the country’s priority-supported sub-blocks that are industry-weekly products, policy foresight, market hot spots, market hot spots, etc.
Blocks, e.g. semiconductor. Industry digs deep and has equity only for investors seeking absolute returns.
The reason for the proposed stock changes is that, for the next three months, we have the best idea, and we think that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market and suggest a more focused configuration.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The main storage chip manufacturers in the country,1 are the purple kernels (002049) (valued at $53.15 for 2018-04-27). The violet kernels are ic-design enterprises whose main products include smart chip products, special integrated circuit products and storage chip products.
Its smart chip product is mainly borne by its subsidiary, Beijing Co-Personal Microelectronics Ltd.; special integrated circuit products are mainly carried out by Shenzhen City Microelectronics Limited; and storage chip products are mainly carried out by Xian Purple National Core Semiconductor Limited. Our semiconductor industry, which is late in its start, is less competitive, and the storage chip design industry, which is the heaviest of the semiconductor industry, is significantly behind and at the international level.
In 2017, after a downturn in 2016, corporate smart card operations resumed to grow, generating a business income of $339 million, an increase of 35.77 per cent, or 42.36 per cent of total revenue. In smart card chips, the company’s share of traffic cards continued to expand, becoming a new growth point for companies.
In the end chip, the company's non-contact readers have always maintained a leading market position in the second-generation CD chip market.3 The storage chip business has grown rapidly. In recent years, the country has been developing a semiconductor industry, especially the integrated circuit industry, as a rare storage chip company, the Purple national core, which has actively moved in. At present, the company's dram memory chip has developed a more complete series of product interfaces covering sdr, ddr, ddr2 and ddr3dram.
In 2017, the company's memory chip business now generated $335 million, an increase of 72.96 per cent. The company's newly developed products, such as ddr4, are being tested for excellence and will gradually move to the market this year. With the implementation of the country's integrated circuit industry policy system, storage chip and memory module series applications in the areas of servers, personal computers, and consumption have grown rapidly, and companies have not yet done so.
Risk factors: slow macroeconomic development; failure to expand storage operations as expected; increased currency exchange losses and a significant decline in the Maori rate.
\triangleright 20171127 Ultraviolet Kernel (002049): Replenishment of purple co-creation and establishment of the Chengdu Research and Development Centre to upgrade R & D capabilities 20180330 Ultraviolet Kernel (002049): steady growth of harvests and return of intelligent safety chips to fast-track development
Tianjin, Beijing University, Master of Business Administration, 8 years of experience in mobile phone development, laboratory management, etc. In 2015, he joined the Sindha Portfolio, Beijing University, Master of Science in Physics and Condensed Physics. In 2016, he joined the Sindam Portfolio and Master of Science in Computer Science.
This report has been prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. It is provided to specific customers only and not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.