The first high-resolution exhibition of Japanese equipment opened last week at the Bigsight International Exhibition Centre in Tokyo.
To date, Kyoto East has launched a series of super-high-quality displays of 27 inches, 65 inches, 75 inches, 98 inches, and 110 inches. Unlike in previous years, at the ces global consumer electronic exhibition early this year, as well as at the recent awe exhibition, television manufacturers have shown more innovation and layout of 8k technologies, launching their own 8k television products.
The resolution of the ultra-high 8k standard is 7680 x 4320, with a total of 33 million pixels, 16 times the 4k standard, 1080 p fully-high-cleansing standard, and a much higher view than the 4k and 1080p view. Large screens and high-cleansing are the trend in the television industry, which has been updated every four or five years. According to the Chinese Association of Electronic Visual Industries, the market penetration rate of 4k television has increased from 2% in 2013 to 58% in 2017.
Yuan's research assistant has almost 60% coverage. Since 8k is the same as 4k, it is the next generation of television video technology superhi-vision, but with better results, the industry generally treats 4k as an 8k stopover. It is a matter of concern that the current 8k development is still very limited.
The cost of late production is very high, the 8k source is almost zero, and the 4k source is very low; the second 8k demand for broadband is very high, and only Japan currently plans to open Channel 8k by the end of this year, and most countries around the world are still not in a position to see 8k. In the future, only global transmission efficiency will be generally improved and the source will be much higher.
Rich, 8k can be more widely distributed. 2. We suggest two angles for the electronics sector. First, attention is paid to the high demand and better-growing segment of downstream industries, and the growing demand will be the industry's weekly product, the pre-policies, the market hot spots,
It is a stable engine for industrial development, such as optical components, display plates, and a high growth space. Second, it is focused on the country's priority-supported silos, which are deep-seated into one industry, with blocks, such as semiconductors, for investors seeking absolute returns.
Shares only. Weekly updates, follow-up points if the offer remains the same, and justifications if the offer changes.
For the next three months, we think these stock trends will be a significant victory over the market and suggest a focused configuration.
"cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 9 West End Street, Beijing City."
1 Main storage chip manufacturers in the country. Uttar Pradesh is an ice firm whose main products include smart chip products, special integrated circuit products, and storage chip products. Its smart chip products are mainly carried out by its subsidiary, Beijing Co. Microelectronics Ltd.; its special integrated circuits products are mainly taken up by Shenzhen State Microelectronics Limited; and storage chip products are mainly carried out by Xiyang Purple National Core Semiconductor Ltd. Our semiconductor industry, which started at a late stage, is less competitive as the semiconductor industry.
The storage chip design industry is now one of the few companies involved in the storage of chips, with the purple chip being one of them.2 Smart chip operations drive performance growth. Smart chips in the purple chip country are divided mainly into smart card chips and smart terminal chips. Smart card chips are the company ' s most important product. After a downturn in 2016, corporate smart chip operations resumed to grow in 2017, generating business income of $339 million, which is a one-on-one increase.
35.77% long, or 42.36% of total revenue. In smart card chips, the company’s share of the traffic card continues to grow and is becoming a new growth point for the company. In smart end chip, the company’s non-contact readers have always maintained a leading market position in the second-generation CD chip market.3 The storage chip business has grown rapidly.
Currently, the company ' s dram memory chip has formed a more complete series, with product interfaces covering sdr, ddr, ddr2 and ddr3dram, and related modular products developed, and the new nandflash product developed by the company has been marketed. In 2017, the company ' s memory chip business now stands at $335 million, an increase of 72.96 per cent.
The system of integrated circuit industry policy is being implemented, with rapid growth in the use of chip storage and memory module series products in the areas of servers, personal computers, and consumption, and companies are not expected to achieve better performance. Risk factors: slow macroeconomic development; less than expected growth in storage operations; and increased currency exchange losses, leading to a significant decline in the Māori rate.
Relevant studies: 201,708,823 Purple Kernel (002049): Reduction in net profits of shareholders in parent companies and good development of memory chip operations \triangleright 20171127 Purple Kernel (002049): Enhancement of R & D capacity through the creation of a Y & D centre with additional funding
20180330 Ultraviolet (002049): A steady increase in revenue collection and a return of smart and safe chips to the fast-track development track. Iron City, Master of Business and Industry Management, eight years of experience in software development, pc product management, etc.., I joined the Sinda securities industry in 2007 for research in computers and electronic components. Choi Ching, Master of Business and Industry, Beijing University, has worked in mobile phone research and development, laboratory management, etc., and eight years of experience in the IT industry in 2015.
Yuan Haiwoo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics and Master of Condensed Physics. Joined Sunda Securities in 2016 for research in the computer industry. Wang Jooyu, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.