q2 of the epidemic, elastic fare contribution elasticity of performance The first six months of 2022, when the company achieved operating revenue of $7,928 million, affected the demand for railway passengers, and the first half of the year, when the company was pressured to do so.
The country’s railway passenger traffic was 787 million times, down 42.3% from the same year.
There has been a significant decrease in the number of trains carrying passengers and non-service trains and a significant drop in traffic: 6,253,000 passengers were transported by high-iron trains in Kyung, 66.7 per cent less than in the same year; cross-line trains completed 22,767,000 miles in the camp, 41.5 per cent less than in the same year; and Jingfu Ang was under the jurisdiction of Jing Fu
Line train runs a mileage of 10.317 million miles, a decline of 30.0% over the same period. As a result, H1 company revenue fell by 47.49%, resulting in a net profit loss of $1.028 billion for the mother, a significant decline in the same year. The fare mechanism adjusts the performance elasticity of contributions to the company’s long-term profitability.
In December 2020, a floating fare mechanism was introduced, and in March of this year, the counting of tickets was further opened, and company fare prices rose as the fare mechanism was adjusted. At the same time, the price of the car was raised as a substitute for the road to Kyoto, and there was still much room for it to increase relative to air fares.
In addition, we look forward to the company's long-term profitability. The two economic zones of Kyuzin and Long Triangle, along which the main transportation hubs are located in the eastern part of the country, are connected by the Kyoto Iron.
The traffic between the crowds and the evacuations is high, and the Jingfou-Ambass line is located at the intersection of the “8th and 8th” north-south and east-west corridors, with a good passenger flow base, while the Jingfu-Ambeng-based line is harmonized with the technical standards of the Kyong-kyung, with obvious network advantages and good practices.
The potential for performance growth, based on the co-benefits of the road network of the Tojing High Highway Railway and the Jingfou An insignia line, can be effective in mitigating the saturation of the capacity to transport in the Quixian section, increasing the full-range use of the Qing Qiang in the railway, and increasing the density of regional road networks.
With optimization, high-speed passenger traffic is expected to recover rapidly, depending on locational advantages and road network advantages, as well as floating fare mechanisms, corporate profits will recover gradually. Given the impact of the epidemic on company lines, we believe that the company’s performance is short-lived or prolonged.
The company’s long-term performance is expected to continue to recover, along with the easing of the epidemic and the recovery of high-iron passenger flows.
The epidemic has been repeated: the macroeconomic slowdown: the risk of energy price fluctuations: rail transport Chart 1: the revenue from the operation of the high metal in Kyoto and the same ratio (in millions of dollars) Chart 2 does not return to the net profit of the mother and the same ratio (in millions)