A study by Skygate Life (600161), the most powerful of the maggots, and the effective use of the plasma.
The blood industry is characterized by a scarcity of raw materials. The company has a strong position as a magma king, the blood resources are scarce, the sources of plasma are the core of the industry’s competitiveness, and the company sources have a significant advantage. Human plasma, as a scarce resource, is limited by national policy and regulations and is not expected to emerge in a short time.
For companies, increasing the number of slurry stations + raising the level of single-station slurry is the market value of blood products in circulation (million yuan):
The core competitiveness of the industry determines the maximum supply of blood products. Companies have a significant advantage in slurry sources, with the number of existing slurry stations and the amount of slurry being the highest in the industry, while new slurry stations have a strong capacity to expand and single stations have much scope for increasing the level of slurry.
The company will increase the combined use of slurry sources in three dimensions. The combined use of slurry sources is the key to breaking through the bottlenecks in blood products. The company will focus on the combined use of slurry in three dimensions: 1, and new capacity: the company is now moving forward with the construction of three new energy bases.
The new production base is expected to solve the problem of corporate capacity once and for all;2 and new products: companies are well developed and three factors are expected to be scaled up by 2023-2024. Production, and clinical trials for other new and multiple products are carried out in an orderly manner;3 and new processes: companies are actively promoting layers.
It is hoped that the advanced production process, which is dominated by analysis, will lead to a double increase in the rate and quality of products. Marketing capacity will continue to improve, and new market opportunities will be seized.
The company’s ability to market has continued to improve, and it is expected to benefit from new opportunities in the blood industry after the epidemic.
The market for blood products in the epidemic presents new opportunities: it is clear that the volume of slurry by overseas producers of proteins will decline, or will affect the supply of imported proteins into the country in 2021, which is expected to enter the low supply.
The price increase cycle; the clinical value of herb being included as a therapeutic drug in the clinical programme during the epidemic, which is highlighted, is expected to contribute to the expansion of the range of herds in the country, and to the release of herbal needs.
The company, as the leader of the country’s blood industry, holds high-quality plasma resources, the number of slurry stations and the amount of slurry produced by Liu Hye-min.
Our analysis of the planetary organisms is based on the following logic:
One, top-line - the company holds high-quality sources of slurry and raises the upper limit of the slurry to the core of the blood industry. Pulse is the most important source of blood products, but blood resources are scarce in the country, whether by increasing the number of slurry stations and increasing the level of single-station slurry through endogenous methods or by means of single-station slurry.
There are limits to the availability of external sources of slurry by extension, the level of slurry in the country as a whole cannot increase significantly in a short period of time, the amount of slurry being the main competitiveness of the blood products market, and the slurner's market. The company, as the industry leader, has a clear advantage in terms of the slurry source:
The number of slurry stations and the amount of slurry at the company ' s current level is the industry ' s TOP1: By restructuring, the company has consolidated all the houses under the national drug flag, of which there are about 55 at the camp slurry stations, spread across the country ' s 13 provinces/autonomous regions. The company ' s s slurry in 2019 reached a high level of capacity for the expansion of the new slurry stations: after restructuring, the number of new slurry stations created by the company has been the first in the business since the year 2020.
Three new slurry stations have been added each year, and four have not yet been formally mined, and are expected to be mined in the near future. According to plans for the installation of a new slurry station in Yunnan Province, 20 new slurry stations will be established in the next three years, and companies have established slurry stations and factories in Yunnan, and with the resources available, it is hoped that more local resources will be tilted on a pre-emptive basis.
The level of single-station slurry rises in space: the level of single-station slurry by subsidiaries under the company’s flag is inconsistent, Yong-seng is already in the forefront of the industry and is expected to lead to other blood efficiency gains, which are expected to reach 2360 tons if the level of single-station slurry as a whole reaches the level of slurry and is based on the existing 59 slurry stations.
2; bottom-line - The company's combined plasma utilization has increased space, with sufficient power for growth Ton slurry efficiency (i.e., combined slurry source utilization) being the key to breaking the bottleneck for blood-producing businesses. On the basis of having sufficient slurry sources, the ability to efficiently translate plasma into company revenue is critical, from the company's current ton slurry revenues and tons.
The level of profit from magma is seen as the potential room for upgrading new energy release, production of new products, and improvements in new processes. New energy: The company is currently facing production capacity problems, with a bottleneck in the production capacity of Chengdu under the flag, while the other sub-divisions have old plant renewal problems, and the company is now moving forward with the construction of a new energy base, including Chengdu.
The Yong Life and Life Fortune Blood Project, the Shanghai Blood and Yunnanization Base Project, the Lanzhou Blood Industry Base Project, all three of which are designed to produce 1,200 tonnes/year of slurry, with all of the new production sites being put into the post-partum phase, the cumulative capacity of the company will reach 4,500 tonnes.
High. The company is now actively promoting the scale production of multi-crete factor products from the birth of Toyota, and has now obtained batches for the production of the human coagulation agent viii, which has applied for public production, the human fibrous egg is in clinical trials during the iii period. In addition, the company is actively promoting research on new products that are relatively vacant in the country.
New technology: advanced technology is expected to significantly improve the quality and yield of blood products, while saving production costs.
In the long term, the company is actively promoting the dominant method of analysis abroad in order to obtain an increase in the rate and quality of blood products.
The role of the blood industry is increasing, and the company’s advantages are evident. With the abundance of blood products, the spread of new products in the area of disaggregation, and the maintenance of the share of old varieties, the role of commercial channels and the demand for end-of-end extension.
With the impact of the epidemic, the opportunity to market blood products has been highlighted, and companies are expected to benefit. Protein is the only blood product in the country that is supplied by imports, with more than 60% of imported products, and the epidemic has led overseas blood companies to slurch in 2020.
The decline is evident, or will affect the supply of domestically imported proteins in 2021, or will result in a low supply cycle. As the highest percentage of blood products sold in developed countries abroad, there is still much room for improvement in domestic applications, and the clinical value of this as a therapeutic drug during the epidemic has been highlighted at the national level.
The rate of awareness is expected to increase. The company has the highest amount of protein and batches, and this will be significant, taking into account the slurry of companies' subsidiaries, the production of various products, and the availability of new, new products, new crafts in the future. In 2025, we predict that the number of company slurry stations will reach 87, corresponding to an average of single-station operations.
The level of slurry is expected to reach 35 tons, and the total volume of slurry will reach 3030 tons. The expansion of the company’s original product-scale production patterns will be combined with the production of new products, bringing the company’s operating income to $8,166 million, bringing the net profit to 2,213 million, corresponding to 2.69 million ton slurry and $730,000 ton slurry.
The company, as the leader of the blood industry in the country, holds high-quality plasma resources, the number of slurry stations and the amount of slurry that can be extracted from the country’s best drug sources. We expect the company to earn the following operating income in 2020-2023: 10 g for protein, 2.5 g for Silicon, free of disease, B., viii, pcc, 200 iu.
2. The blood products industry has a scarcity of raw materials, the plasma breeders have a scarcity of 2.1 plasma resources, and the plasma source is the industry ' s core competitiveness
Blood is the core raw material of the blood industry. Blood products are biological products for treatment obtained through separation, purity, etc. by healthy human plasma or the immune population. These include, inter alia, human blood proteins, immune pox proteins, immune proteins for rabies, human condensation factors, etc. In our country, raw materials are used for the production of blood products.
The plasma must be collected through a single plasma station established by law, which must collect the plasma using a special single plasma machine, which is strictly forbidden by hand.
A total of 53.53 million litres of slurry (equivalent to 55,000 tons), based on the United States population of 329 million in 2019, at an average of 162.8 million. Currently, the United States is self-sufficient in plasma, with some 61% of the world ' s plasma supplied by the United States. Europe ' s slurry in 2016 was 2,597,000 litres (equivalent to 2,570 million litres).
In total, there are 103 slurry stations, with less single plasma than in the United States and the United States, and more than in the case of plasma recovery, which accounts for 70 per cent to 80 per cent.
Figure 3: The number of European slurry and slurry stations in China and the amount of slurry in China were below world levels in 2005-2016. From the number of slurry stations and slurry in China and the United States in 2019, there is still a large gap between the level of slurry at domestic slurry stations and the United States: there are 805 slurry stations in the United States, respectively.
And 55,000 tons, well above the domestic level of 269 and 0.92 million tons; the average United States slurry of individual slurry stations is about twice that of the country (68.3 tons vs 34.2 tons); even if the domestic slurry of individual slurry stations is equivalent to the United States, the total slurry is only 18,000 tons, or about one third of the total United States slurry.
Per capita slurry and blood production in China is below the world average, with a combined protein gap of more than 50%. In 2019, Chinese slurry was 9201 tons, with a per capita contribution of 6.40l per 1,000 people, calculated at 1,400 billion Chinese people in 2019. According to the World Health Organization, per capita plasma is needed if the protein is to be self-sufficient.
Humans, in order to achieve self-sufficiency of the clot factor, the amount of plasma per capita is in between. For protein self-sufficiency, we have a protein gap of over 40%, as evidenced by an imported protein ratio of over 60%, and for immunoprotein and blood-source condensation factors that cannot be imported, the gap is self-evident.
Thus, the blood products market remains in a state of tight balance and low supply. Figure 8: Per capita use of immunoglobin by region, 2017 (g) Figure 9: Per capita use of condensation factor viii by region, 2017 (g)
As a resource-scarce product, access to abundant sources of slurry will be an important guarantee of the long-term growth of the business. So, how do we solve the problem of slurry access and upgrading?
(1) Increasing the number of slurry stations: Policy restrictions, slow construction of stations. In recent years, under policy constraints, new slurry stations in the country have been difficult to obtain, and the opening of slurry stations in the country has slowed.
Activity, and only one single plasma station can be installed in a blood-mining area (generally one or more district-level regions). In 2016, the Commission issued an Opinion on Promoting the Healthy Development of Single plasma Stations, strictly adding a single plasma station.
In accordance with the scheme for the management of single plasma stations, the country’s blood industry must have more than six blood products (the blood production units that are responsible for the State’s immunization programme can be expanded to five). As a result of the restrictions on the opening of these stations, the country is eligible for new ones.
The number of slurry stations planned for each province is generally low, and some provinces do not even, in principle, establish new slurry stations.
On the basis of the Yunnan Provincial Health Council ' s December 2020 " Plan for the installation of single plasma stations in Yunnan Province (202023) " (draft comments), Yunnan Province plans to set up 24 single plasma stations throughout the province (20 additional units on the basis of 4 pilots) and two slurry stations in Shanghai under the flag of the sky are now operating on a pilot basis in Yunnan and have been accumulated.
In Yunnan, it will be the beginning of a 14-year period when restrictions on the number of new slurry stations will be eased in the country, while planning for the opening of slurry stations in other provinces will need to be followed up. (2) Increase the level of single-station slurry: policy restrictions and public awareness will need to be raised
According to estimates, the average plasma output in 2019 at individual single plasma stations in China was only 34.2 tons, or half the average of 68.3 tons in the United States. This is mainly the case of China, where single plasma is lagging behind the levels of developed countries in terms of population coverage, slurry frequency, single slurry, etc.
Figure 10: Average domestic and foreign single-station slurry (tons) 2019
The population density varies considerably in terms of the number of people covered. According to the country’s Management of Single Blood Pulse Stations, “the plasma stations shall be located at the county (district) and county levels, and not in the same district administrative areas as the other blood stations,” most of the plasma stations in the country are located in poorer and less populated areas in the mid-western part of the country.
In the United States, slurry stations are usually located in urban communities, suburban areas, close to areas where there is a sense of slurry, a focus on the body, and a concentration of the population, creating more regular slurry.
The slurry station's radiation radius is contained in a circle of approximately 15 km of traffic for about half an hour. Although according to China's Blood Transfusion Industry Development Report, our current slurry area covers more than 345 million people, we believe that the actual coverage of the population is expected to be lower than the disclosed data, and that the individual slurry station has a large radiation radius and lives in a far-off population.
The laws and regulations impose strict limits on the number of times and on the amount of slurry that we pour. The slurry interval is 14 days, while the slurry interval is more than 48 hours and less than twice a week in the United States.
A maximum of 26 slurries per year, compared to 104 in the United States, and 14-17 in actual US slurry frequency. China sets a single slurry rate of 580 ml per person, while the United States sets a single slurry contribution for the slurry contributor on the basis of weight, which generally amounts to 825 ml, or 42% of the difference in the amount of slurry per person.
The level of single plasma stations in the country is much lower than overseas, and it is difficult to increase the level of single stations in the short term owing to policy and public awareness constraints, but it is expected that the current low level of single-station slurry will still be able to catch up with the slurry stations that are leading in the country through efficient management and operation.
(3) In vitro slurry station: a single slurry supply, which is difficult to transfer. Following bottlenecks in the rise in the slurry volume of the blood products company itself, external sources of slurry have become a new hope of breaking through the ceiling. External sources of slurry have two main ways of obtaining them: slurry and changing the slurry relationship.
The Authority applied for the transfer of part of the plasma from the plasma station to a blood-producing enterprise other than the original supplier of the plant; the change of the slurry switch was the agreement between the blood-producing enterprise and the in vitro-slamping station, which would change the slurry relationship and supply all the blood-slipped to the blood-producing company.
Pulse transfers are more limited by policy and more difficult to achieve.