Signed a debt-for-equity framework agreement for the return of the base of potassium fertilization, announced assessment of Salt Lake shares (000792), and a framework agreement for cooperation on market-based debt-for-equity construction with the National Investment Commission of Qinghai and the Construction Bank.
Debt swaps help to optimize the company’s financial structure and reduce financial costs.
Billions, currently marketable at $35 billion, with a net market rate of 133 times that of the city. Let's make a simple calculation, assuming debt shifts at current stock prices ($18.39), the bottom recovery of the potassium fertilizer industry, and improvements in corporate profits can be expected to (i) the down-cycle of global bulk commodities in 2013, fertilizer in a four-year-old bear market, bpc collapse and
At the end of 2016, the bottom price of potassium fertilizer in our country recovered, increasing the price of 60% of the powder mills for potassium chloride in salt lakes from December 2016 to the present, and 57% of the price of the mills from 175 to 1790 tons. We judge that the supply and demand patterns of potassium fertilizer have gradually improved over the next three years, and that the market for potassium fertilizer has been rebalanced.
Prices are expected to recover. The company ' s potassium chloride design capacity of 5 million tons benefits significantly from industrial warming. (2) Supply is at its peak in 2016 for the expansion of the capacity of the world ' s major potassium fertilizer producers, with only 900,000 tons of new capacity in six years, followed by new capacity in 2020 and 2023.
The exit from old production capacity will significantly ease current supply pressures. (3) In terms of demand, population growth and the reduction of arable land require higher acre production levels, and the return to the bottom of agricultural prices will help to increase the motivation for fertilizer use.
Consumption, and demand for potassium fertilizer, is high in the long term. Domestically, the current use of potassium fertilizer is far below recommended and actual demand, with domestic consumption of potassium fertilizer accounting for only 8 per cent of the three main fertilizers, less than 17.1 per cent globally, while agricultural land in China is characterized by a severe shortage of potassium, with as much as 70 per cent of the land in need of potassium supplementation, especially in the southern brick and red soil area, with only 0.4 per cent of potassium.
This potassium fertilizer will be the fastest growing and most potential species of fertilizer in the country in the future.
1. Tri-quarterly review of Salt Lake shares (000792) Quarterly review: Master's stay in business pending recovery and steady progress in the potassium magnesium garden strategy 2. Half-yearly review of Salt Lake shares (000792).
Summary of company financial statement data projections Fan Jingzong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Qinghua University Department of Chemical Engineering, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
In the rubber, titanium powder, new materials, composite fertilizers, and civilian explosives industries, an analysis of the basic chemical industry began in October 2015 and joined the Chemical Team of the Institute of Civil Securities in May 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.