Joint film medical point assessment report: strong overseas business performance and a steady share of production line cities in the country Events: 31 October, company reports issued in the third quarter of 2024: a slight decline in business performance in the third quarter of 2024, while companies continued to expand their operations, particularly in the sea
External inputs, sales costs have risen on a year-on-year basis; net profit from non-return to mothers - $334 million, compared to the same year, continued strong performance in overseas markets, and regional operations have progressed well, benefiting mainly from strong growth in mr and mi products, and the push for international demand resulting from technological innovation.
Among them, after-sales income from overseas has increased by more than 100% over the same period, benefiting from high serviceability of equipment, flexible post-sale pricing strategies, and streamlined cost controls. Overseas income has exceeded 20%, increasing 6.35 pct over the same period.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) In the first three quarters of 2024, the company ' s overseas operations sub-region: 1 in the North American market, multiple total market value/flow (billions)
High-end equipment orders were successfully landed;2 orders were obtained in European markets, particularly in the core countries of Western Europe.3 The highest/minimum prices and the double growth of revenues within 12 months.3 In Asia-Pacific markets, the accelerated landing of projects in South-East Asia and the Indian market
High demand growth has contributed an important share to the region’s revenues;4 in emerging markets, the Middle East, Latin America, Africa, etc., has become an important anchor for international operations. As firm international operations have moved forward, corporate brand influence and penetration in the global market has further increased, and the corporate world is expected to grow.
< < < joint video medical point assessment report: Continued high levels of external income, both within and outside the country, will continue to grow. Domestic cities at all production lines have steadily increased their share.
In the first three quarters of 2024, under the influence of industrial restructuring, equipment upgrading, market demand, high-end breakthroughs in powerful products, and equity incentives to highlight the company.
The same rate slowed down, with the company ' s domestic operations earning $5.550 billion, a 13.33 per cent decline in the same year, but the municipal share of core product lines such as ct, mr, mi has remained steadily rising, especially at the high end and in the Joint Film Medical Point Assessment Report: Strategic Replenishment Ippe
There has been ground-breaking progress in the area of super-high-end products. With the impact of the overall market environment and policy changes strong, forward-looking, field-of-breathing, companies have remained flexible, actively optimizing business structures for the future.
Companies increase their marketing and research and development inputs, with net interest rates temporarily held on pct, +1.07 pct, and 23.48 pct. In which we believe that the change in the Māori rate is a change in accounting standards.
Impacts; higher sales costs, mainly due to the continued expansion of firms, especially for offshore inputs; and higher R&D costs, mainly due to higher R&D consumption and higher human costs resulting from increased R&D inputs by firms.
Risks, risk of internationalization, risk of exchange rate fluctuations, and geopolitical risks.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.