Tupou Group (601689.sh) nvh industry poles, extension of product lines injects a new engine of growth
The company is the leader of the autonvh industry, expanding its business to the "2+3" product line. The earthquake-mitigating and accoutrements product is a traditional and powerful business of the public sector, with stable partnerships with high-quality whole-car manufacturers at home and abroad; the company and Tesla are increasingly working together, with light-quantified products as the core growth point of the company; and automobile electronics are in the process of being imported into the market.
The value added of the product is higher; the heat management system operations have contributed to incremental performance and have greater potential for growth in the future. We have a national leader in the Nvh business, with steady growth in performance.
The company’s entire audio suite is now integrated into the whole industry chain, and the value of the bicycles is rising further. Nvh, the company’s cornerstone product, is not expected to contribute to stabilizing cash flows.
• Increased cooperation with Tesla, where light-quantified operations are expected to usher in a fast-growing period of growth, and companies have entered the Tesla supply chain since 2016 to supply products such as control arms and large body structures. Lightly, chemical products are supplied mainly to Teslamodel3&y, and the value of bicycles is increasing.
Investing in the gold-based layout of light-quantized product lines, further expanding productive capacity. The company’s light-quantified products are now well-positioned orders, or will continue to benefit from the power wave, and are an important engine for rapid growth in corporate performance.
The company’s ibs product broke through the abs/esc technology bottleneck, which has evolved into the fourth generation and is now in the market extension phase. The company raised funds in 2016 to further expand the capacity of the vp and ibs to support future growth. The company’s horizontal expansion of the heat management system has now contributed to its incremental performance.
The high value of the HMS product is expected to be a future growth point for the company. 1, nvh industry poles, lined up with "2+3" product lines 1.1, product diversification development plus sustained R & D inputs, and the industry stands firm
The company was established in 1983 and placed on the market in 2015 at the hand-off, and was primarily involved in the development, production and sale of rubber-reduced and soundproof products in the area of car nvh (i.e., noise mitigation and comfort control) and in the small number of soundproof products in the country.
One of the suppliers of nvh parts with R & D capabilities. The company has now developed a system of shock relief, apparel systems, intelligent driving systems, chassis light-quantified systems, and a series of five products of the thermal management system.
Companies have evolved from single-type component suppliers to integrated suppliers, expanding their product categories, and emerging businesses have given new impetus to corporate development. Companies have gradually expanded from nvh to light quantification, car electronics, etc. Light quantitative products entered the Tesla supply chain in 2016 and are now in a period of rapid growth; automobile electronics lines are in the market.
During the import phase, the main products included electronic vacuum pumps, vp, and smart brake systems, ibs; heat management system operations had achieved bulk delivery of first-generation products, while second-generation products were in the market.
The company’s share of light-quantified operations has continued to rise, and the heat management system’s performance has increased. The company’s share of nvh products has declined from 92.28% in 2015 to 73.48% in 2020. The company’s share of light-quantified products has continued to increase at a higher rate.
Figure 3: Increased share of companies' light and quantitative operations, incremental contribution of their thermal management systems, multi-year technology deposition, corporate R & D centres worldwide, and leading global pilot centres. Corporations established R & D centres in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Ningbo, etc., and set up overseas technology centres since 2012
Two overseas technology research and development centres have been set up in North America and Sweden, with specialized technical staff deployed in Canada, Germany, France, and Brazil. At the same time, companies also have material, product, system and vehicle-level experiments 1.2, high-quality client resources, and performance has increased steadily
Client resources are of high quality, maintaining a solid partnership with well-known car-making firms in the country and abroad, and accelerating the expansion of the North American electricity-driven car market. Domestically, the company’s clients include Shanghai General, Gilly, Chang Anford, Air General Mitsubishi, Volkswagen Public, Shanghai Motors, Cars, Biadi, etc., and the company’s foreign customers are mainly distributed.
In North America and the European region, major clients include prominent international car manufacturers such as Tesla, Chrysler, General Motors, Audi, and BMW. Customer resource expansion in the North American electric vehicle market is now accelerating, including rivian, Klesler, Ford, Lucid, etc.
Figure 5: Broad distribution of domestic customers of companies Figure 6: Corporate clients abroad are mainly located in the European and American regions Division ' s overall operating income has continued to grow steadily in recent years, reaching $6,511 million in 2020, a year-on-year increase
In the field of deep-dry nvh, where performance has remained steady and growing, earthquake-reducing plus adornment products have been the company's traditional business, accounting for more than 70% of revenue in recent years. Nvh is the company's traditional core business, with the company's earthquake-reducing products and accessories receiving 73.5% of the total in 2020.
In the early years, the spare parts were mainly developed by graphs, which were less developed at the same time as the entire company, and the ones that were able to do so, which also focused on parts and development, with a very weak system integration capability. In recent years, the requirements of the entire company for suppliers to develop and integrate the system have gradually increased, while the company is a small number of countries with a full vehicle.
One of the capable Nvh spare parts suppliers is also one of the first home-grown self-branded auto parts and components to enter the global system for the purchase of spare parts for the whole car. Strong simultaneous R & D and system integration capabilities have created a good cooperative relationship with upper gas utility and Gilly.
In 2015-2017, the company acquired a number of GVA projects, and in 2016 it set up a manufacturing plant in São Paulo, Brazil, to open the international market through general-purpose vehicles. In 2016 and 2017, the company’s cooperation with Gilly increased its production capacity in Taiwan State, Jin-jung, Bo-Fi, etc., and produced supplies closely around Gilly.
The entire vehicle acoustic suite integrates the whole industry chain and responds quickly to the needs of its customers. The company’s apparel product line is expanded from soft interiors to externals, and further extends to closed systems, with a full product range.
Figure 9: Corporate car-based acoustic suites integrated whole-of-industry chain Nvh business sales and performance have generally increased steadily. From 2015 to 2020, the collection of corporate seismic products increased to 5.48 million sets, sales of accessories increased from 1.24 million to 2.7 million sets, and overall performance and sales coverage
Figure 10: Overall steady growth in Nvh harvests from 2015 to 2020,3 increasing cooperation with Tesla, with light-quantified operations expected to move towards rapid growth period of 3.1 and light-quantified trends, with companies expected to continue to benefit
There is now much room for growth in products such as aluminum alloys, control arms, and scaffolds. According to data from China’s Industrial Information Network, the penetration rates in 2020 were 15%, 8%, and 40% for aluminium alloys in the domestic automobile market.
According to the China Industry Information Network, the market penetration rate for the aluminium alloy control arm, the side rack, and the shift to the section will be split in 2025, without increasing to 30 per cent, 25 per cent, and 80 per cent. Figure 13: Light-quantified parts and components are widely used in new energy vehicles
Figure 12: Quantified spare parts penetration rates for young people are expected to increase significantly in the “Aluminium alloys + high-intensity steel” business layout, with the main products being light-quantified products such as exercise aluminium control arm, side racks, diversions and tremors.
Zhejiang has 100% equity, Sichuan Fodonna 100% equity in the car high-strength steel chassis, and has a synergistic effect with the company ' s aluminium alloy chas. At present, the company has a variety of light-quantified processes, including aluminium alloying, high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, pressurization, pressure, pressure, welding, high-precision processing and high-strength steel pressure, welding, welding, etc.
Paintings, assembly, etc.. The company’s light-quantified products have been successfully transferred to 3.2, including the mainstream new energy companies, both domestic and foreign, and its cooperation with Tesla has been deepening, with the volume of light-quantified products being sold up to 162,000 in the first half of the year.
Out, in 2021, sales of Modedy are expected to reach 116,000, sales of Model3 are expected to reach close to 200,000, overall sales of Tesla are expected to exceed 310,000, and the domestic market for new energy vehicles is estimated to be about 12.9 per cent.
In 2019, the Tesla Shanghai factory was completed and the company extended the products of the Tesla apparel to aluminium alloy chassis, battery bags and large body parts, interiors, etc., and increased the value of the one-car kit. In January 2021, Tesla's national product Modely was officially sold.
In order to further strengthen the light-quantified chassis system, the company plans to build a new stage of the Hangzhou Bay II plant in 2020.
At the Hunan plant, the construction of the project will result in the addition of 1.6 million light-quantified sub-screets, 1.6 million light-quantified flying systems, and 1.6 million light alloys to save energy. Companies are actively exploring light-quantified customer resources and exploring models of cooperation at the Tier 0.5 level.
Actively cooperate with the new drivers of car-making, such as Uji, Peng, Ideal, and explore a mode of cooperation at the Tier 0.5 level to provide simultaneous R & D and supply services to households; actively explore overseas markets and work with brands such as Rivian, Ford, Lucid, etc.
Lightly quantified chassis system, valued at about $11,000 per bike, with a start to supply side-cars to Ford electric vehicles in bulk. The company ' s light-quantified product collection from 2015 to 2020 was 48.23% cagr, which is expected to be a future growth point as the company continues to develop a new forward-looking intelligent driving field plus a heat management system.
4.1. Automobile electronics are in a market import phase, with a large market space for adas electronic vacuum pumps (evp) providing a vacuum environment using electric machines to drive vacuum pumps.
An early vacuum pump product is a mechanical vacuum pump, that is, a mechanical motion (rotation or slide) to get a vacuum braking. An electronic vacuum pump is a motor-driven rotor, leaves provide a real empty vacuum booster. A mechanical vacuum pump cannot be applied to a turbo booster type compared to an electronic vacuum pump, and a mechanical vacuum pump and hair.
Motives are connected, and changes in working conditions during engine start-up can cause a vacuum environment to be unstable. The pure electric vehicles in new energy vehicles have to be extra equipped with vacuum pumps because of a lack of vacuum sources. Electronic vacuum pumps can be widely used in pure electricity and hybrid models. As the new energy vehicle wave hits, mechanical vacuum pumps are reduced and replaced.
Figure 16: Electronic vacuum pumps use electric machines to provide vacuum environments The smart brake system ibs and the smart switch system eps are the two core implementation ends of the auxiliary driving system (adas), in which the smart brake system is a domestic "crack neck" project. (1) the smart brake system ibs are non-existent
Man-driving automobiles and active safety systems. ibs are mechanically integrated products made up of mechanical devices and electrical units, which are currently one of the best brake solutions for new energy vehicles. (2) Intelligent transition systems, ps, are directly dependent on electromechanics for auxiliary torque.
With the advantages of a compact structure and light weight, without a constant turn-over pump, the electrical output is activated only when it needs to be turned, and it saves engine power.
Figure 17: Smart brake systems ibs are one of the core implementers of the adas, figure 18: Smart turn system eps is one of the core implementers of the adas. At present, adas has a low penetration rate in the domestic market and a large market space. Aadas relies mainly on co-operation in artificial intelligence, visual computing, radar, satellite navigation, etc., to make cars readily aware of their surroundings during the journey.
At present, we have a low penetration rate of the country’s adas market, which, according to Rolandberger, was only 9% in 2020, and a projected 40% penetration rate of our system of adas above class 1-2 in 2025, with wide market space.
In 2025, the domestic penetration rate of adas is projected to be 40% above the level of 4.2, the high Māori + capacity expansion is steadily increasing, and ibs+evp two points of power continue to be imported into the company ' s automobile electronics and are more profitable. The company ' s smart driving-related operations are mainly composed of:
Smart brake systems ibs, smart switch systems eps, electronic vacuum pumps vp, smart cabin products, etc. In 2020, the company ' s auto electronics business was 28.53 per cent, the first in all of the company ' s operations. Research and development of electronic vacuum pumps began, research and development were completed and pilot production was completed in 2013, and small quantities were delivered in 2014, and
At present, the domestic market for electronic vacuum pumps is dominated by foreign brands and will continue to benefit from national production. Companies can provide customers with an integrated solution ibs+eps. abs/esc is a long-term constraint on China.
The functional module of the car company, the traditional abs/esc electromagnetic valves involved in an emergency braking or unstable vehicle, could not be used for more than three consecutive minutes. The smart brake system ibs would be able to brake for a long time, the electromagnetic valve would last for more than three minutes, and the company's smart brake system ibs would break through abbs/esc technology.
The company integrates ibs and eps through whole-of-the- car controllers, making communication interfaces, performance matching, product calibration, etc., and thus significantly reduces the amount of research and development matching work at the mainframe. Currently, the public sector ' s fourth generation ibs product has been scheduled and is now in the roll-out phase, and has acquired more technology in the vehicle industry.
At the same time, the company’s ps product has entered the client’s pilot phase, and has begun to be replicated in a number of mainframe plants, including the general public. The company’s ibs product of the one-box programme, which introduced the integrated esc module, has begun to invest in capacity-building.
The products in the global ibs market using the two-box programme are mainly ibooster of the world, e-act of the Japanese (Engine agent) and ibs of the one-box programme are ecbs of Burtley, ibs of the world, mkc1 of the mainland, ibc of the ebbs of the ebs of the country.
Table 9: Companies have a certain pre-emptive advantage among domestic ibs manufacturers. Table 10: Corporate smart brake system ibs product characteristics are "intelligent, energy efficient, safe, light"
In September 2016, the company raised $2.395 billion for electronic production. Table 11: Ibs+evp production capacity is expanding. 4.3 The heat management system is “0 to 1”, and the first generation of products has been delivered in bulk.
The new energy car heat management system consists mainly of three modules: a cabin air conditioning system, a battery heat management system, and an electrical thermal system. The thermal management system can effectively address the problem of the continuation of electric vehicles, particularly the rapid decline of batteries in winter and cold zones.
Figure 23: The company has successfully developed products such as heat pump air conditioning systems. The company's heat management system operations have achieved bulk delivery of first-generation products, with 2021h1 generating $569 million.
At present, the company has developed a second-generation product that can be widely applied to all customers, and is in contact with multiple customers. Companies can offer water-side, agent-side-separated partial integration programmes, or highly integrated programmes that can effectively meet the different needs of their customers.
The company is the leading industry in the nvh industry, expanding its product categories and moving from single parts suppliers to one.
The company maintains a solid partnership with well-known national and international car-making firms, continues to open up new customers and helps the company to grow steadily. The company's shock relief products and accessories are the company's traditional strong business, lightly quantified products are in rapid development, auto electronics, heat management system operations, etc.
During the period of market import, it is expected to be a performance growth point in the future.
Accompanied products: The company’s entire car acoustic suite is integrated into the whole industry chain, and the value of the bicycles is increasing. The company’s apparel product line has been expanded from soft interiors to externals, and has been further expanded to closed systems, full product lines, and now extends to solar-system operations such as Honda.
Light Quantified Products: The company’s light Quantified Business Line is rich, downstream customers include not only traditional car companies, Biadey, etc., but also growing collaboration with Tesla. In the broader context of the trend towards new energy vehicles, the company’s light Quantified products are expected to grow rapidly. We expect the company’s light Quantified products to be collected separately in 2021-2023.
Automobile electronics: The company’s electronics products consist mainly of electronic vacuum pumps, vp, and smart brake systems, ibs. Electronic vacuum pumps are a big alternative to national production, with companies financing 2.6 million electronic vacuum pumps in 2017 to scale up production capacity; the company’s smart brake system products are expected to be officially marketed in 2022 and phased in.
Thermal management system operations: The company’s integrated heat pump aggregate has built up a large supply capacity, is accelerating the development and validation of version 2.0 of the integrated heat pump total, and is working with China to start a collaborative heat management system, among other products. In 2020, the company’s new Ningbo thermal management system subsidiary and Polish subsidiary accelerated global production.
Systems operations have contributed to the company's performance. We expect the company's heat management system operations to score 16.0 times in 2021-2023, and we believe that light-quantified operations, auto electronics and heat management systems will provide companies with a completely new growth space, giving companies a higher value premium, and covering a “buy-in” rating for the first time.
Table 13: Compared valuation of listed companies (pe/peg)