UV shares (000938), high growth in the second quarter, high R & D conversions are beginning to show.
In the second quarter, the non-performance expectations were exceeded, and the indicators were good, and the speed of the increase was expected to release further, with a quarterly report showing revenues of $10.11 billion, a net profit of $250 million, and a net profit of $200 million. The two seasons were calculated as $12.33 billion, an increase of 35.5 per cent; the net profit of $480 million, a decrease of 2.0 per cent; and the non-net profit was deducted.
380 million yuan, or 31.0 per cent more. During the quarter, the rate of growth in the performance of 18h1 non-recurring gains and losses, owing to, inter alia, the same 40 per cent increase in R & D investment, was reduced by 113 million yuan in the disposal of traded financial assets, which was the result of the disposal of some of the thousands of shares in technology last year.
In comparison with Xinhua’s 300-degree trend, considering the impact of Xinhua Sanjio in 2017, the growth rate in 2018 has demonstrated Xinhua’s real growth strength: Xinhua earned $15.18 billion in operating income in the first three months, $1.23 billion in operating profits, and 1.11 billion in net profit to the mother.
Sales of equipment such as storage, and revenue from projects such as the Political Clouds. Xinhua San earned more (55-60%) in 2017, considering that cloud computing was expected to increase the climate of the Yaas industry, the political cloud and the security climate, so the performance rate is expected to increase further in the second half of the year.
It base structure product Māori drops or is subject to product structure and market strategies and is stabilizing at 36.4 per cent Māori for its base structure type operations, a decrease of 8.2 percentage points from the same period. It is expected to be affected by two factors: (1) high growth in low Māori products (e.g., servers) and higher incomes affecting the combined Māori rate levels.
Xinhua’s 31801 server revenue grew by 84% over the year, and the trend is expected to continue in the second quarter, significantly higher than the overall business growth rate of the company. The Māori rate for server products is lower, to some extent lower than the combined Māori rate; (2) part of the domain (e.g., information security, super-integration, etc.) may be profitable due to market competition and share-grabbing market tactics
At the same time, the sales of products entering clients through government clouds, integration projects, etc., tend to recognize income in the second half of the year, and Māori rates should be compared further on a year-round scale.
The controlling shareholder plans for the transfer of shares or will further activate the enterprise. On August 13, the controlling owner of the company's public announcement shareholder, Cinghua Group, is planning to transfer the holdings of the group.
Considering that the company is currently an asset of the Qinghua family under the Ministry of Education, M & D, the undervalued R & D-intensive cloud plan, the stock changes will be made at a reasonably useful level if the potential equity changes involve the introduction of strategic investments, or progress.
Air carrier, 20180816.