The company issued the second restricted stock incentive plan (draft), with performance evaluation objectives, with the following objectives:
In the announcements on these projects, the company has repeatedly emphasized the construction of “circle” systems, with a total investment of 1,378 million yuan in four projects, which are expected to begin harvesting in 2019 during the company's farming season.
The whole layout and the future space for development, and in this report we discuss in detail the cycle of companies, the construction of the chain of industries, and why we firmly believe that companies are leading companies in the electrolytic industry, and more so in total equity/flow (million shares)
The company's electrolyte business has developed for more than a decade, from its original pioneers in the field of precision chemicals to today's global electrolyte taps, each step of the company has a long-term strategy behind it.
From the initial focus of the product to the high quality of the key raw materials and the three-year growth in performance, the global leader is unable to make a difference.
Low-cost advantages, and today's two-way and deep layouts, each step is long-term and adequate -- the high barriers to building its own strengths.
For electrolyte products, excellent formulations, strong process control levels, and cost control levels are the expression of core competitiveness. The company’s core competitiveness is clear, with 17 years of experience in fine chemical production, and has invested in large amounts of research and development costs and raised funds for the development of new lithium salts over the years.
With additives, collaboration with companies such as catl, lig, central whistle, etc., indicates that the quality of the product is recognized. In terms of cost, construction investment costs for various projects are significantly lower than industry averages, reducing the cost of electrolyte raw materials through the whole production chain and loop layout, and reducing transport through multiple-site electrolyte plants.
Ben. According to our calculations, the production costs of the company ' s lithium hexafluoride and hydrofluoric acid are expected to be reduced by about $7,000 through the layout of the sulphuric acid and the hydrofluoric acid chain, and the economics are obvious. When the high barriers to electrolytic fluid operations are completed, we judge the positive poles at the core of lithium carbonate.
The material industry will be the next battleground for the company. The company has now cooperated with the sink industry, the clouded lithium stock, and directly bought and sold lithium carbonate from the titanium mine. It has also acquired Ednamy, self-built iron phosphate project layouts, and is preparing a new annual production in Taiwan.
Twenty-five thousand tons of lithium orthode material project and relocation of 25,000 tons of annual phosphate lithium production line. For example, the chain layout of the phosphate lithium industry, with lithium carbonate at its core, is almost complete, and it is hoped that this year the company will not only have excellent process water platforms, strong cost controls, and deep research and development.
We believe that the company has the capacity to expand rapidly to other lithium-based materials, and that it will become a global producer of lithium-based materials. As a global leader in electrolyte, it is expected that sales will grow faster than industry.
The average speed increases, and the profitability will be guaranteed as the industry chain layouts improve. Positive material companies issue the second restricted stock incentive plan (draft), with performance assessment targets based on a non-net profit cut in 2017, including sulphuric acid, chlor-alkali, hydrofluoric acid, phosphate, etc. The company has repeatedly emphasized the “cycle” in the announcement of the launch of these projects.
Building systems, with a total investment of 1,378 million yuan in four projects, with a total expected revenue of 35,32 million yuan and a net profit of 614 million yuan, we have always stressed that the core competitiveness of companies lies in forward-looking strategic layouts, strong cost controls, strong R & D capabilities, excellent technology platforms, and aggressive customer strategies.
In order to better understand the implications of new chemical projects for the company’s layout, we look at the company’s electrolyte industry in detail in this report.
So, where does the core competitiveness of the company be analysed in terms of the essence of the electrolyte industry, and where does it end up looking at the value of the company to the bottom of the geometry?
(i) A review of the development of electrolyte operations The company began research and development of electrolyte products in 2005, achieved large-scale sales in 2007, became a supplier to companies such as Vando, Walter Ma and Goko in 2013, successfully pioneered first-line customers such as Sony and Biadi in 2014 and acquired Dong Quehin in 2015.
In addition to promoting the development of end-products, the company furthered the industrial chain layout. Annual capacity reached 2,000 tonnes/year, total post-partum capacity reached 4,000 tonnes/year for liquid 6f in 2017, with a significant ratio of electrolyte fluids.
For example, self-supplied. After delivery of the 2000 tonnes/year solid 6f project, the total capacity of 6f will reach 6,000 tonnes, which will meet the demand for 48,000 tonnes of electrolyte, and will continue to expand thereafter to achieve full self-supply. 2) In addition to lithium hexafluoride, the company is developing new, efficient, safe and environmentally friendly lithium salt to meet the development needs of lithium electrolysis.
In 2016, the company will raise 2,300t/a tons of new lithium salt difluorophosphorus (lipf2) and 150 tons of 4,5-di cyanyl-2-trifluoromethyl ammonium (litdi) per year.3 Lithium carbonate upstream of the layout; and the shareholding of lithium fluorine in the stock exchange industry, in the joint venture of Xijiangongsu, in which lithium carbonate upstream of the layout is produced;
Meanwhile, a major contract for the purchase of lithium oxide/tungsten orthopaedic mines (screte) was signed by the subsidiary Kyushu and Sino-Amo, which estimated the value of the transactions during the contract period at $200 million.
1) Integrated use of sulphuric acid through the construction of iron phosphate projects with strong industrial chain co-benefits; 2) construction of hydrofluoric acids, sulphuric acids, etc., to continue with the upper layout of the lithium hexafluorate industry chain; 3) development of lower-cost liquid lithium hexafluorate and rapid expansion to enhance advantages.
(ii) The three-step electrolyte layout of the company's electrolyte business has been developing for more than a decade, from the original pioneers in the field of precision chemicals to the current global electrolytic fluid taps, each step of the company's layout has long-term strategic importance. New energy vehicle development can only be said to be on the right track, from countries.
The ban on fuel cars shows that the future development of the industry will be a big space for alternative fuel trucks. So, for industrial chains companies, it is only now and in the long run that they will be able to take the lead in large-scale industrial development, as is the case with the gift.
1) Step 1: Focus on end-of-life electrolyte products and actively develop large domestic and foreign clients to be industry leaders with product quality; 2) Step 2: Upward deployment of key raw materials, focus on research and development innovations to enhance competitiveness and build low-cost competitive advantages while continuously upgrading product quality;
3) Step three: vertically and vertically, continue to deepen the 6f industrial chain through both vertically and vertically, with a horizontal layout of iron phosphate, creating strong synergies; continue to deepen low-cost advantages and to create a large platform for the development of lithium electric materials in the long term in conjunction with the industrial chain.
Step 1: Focus on end products and clients Step 2: Upward extension of the industrial chain, cost reduction Step 3: Deepening the industrial chain, focusing on multi-business synergies
Longitudinal deepening of the 6f industrial chain led by the most critical lithium hexafluorate upstream layouts, sulphuric acid, hydrofluoric acid, lithium carbonate, etc.
To achieve 6f self-production, horizontal layout of iron phosphate, creating strong synergies, forming upstream raw material chains, and co-sharing
By 2017, almost all 6f will be self-supporting.
Focus on innovation in research and development, improve competitiveness, establish a leadership position in 2016, develop lower-cost liquids6f
The development of new lithium salt additives, lifsi, etc., the Māori ratio of the electrolytic fluids for the years, and how core competitiveness is reflected in the properties of the electrolytic fluid industry.
(i) Electrolysis liquids: high production difficulties, strong formulations. The electrolytic fluids are typically made of materials such as high-purity organic solvents, electrolytes, additives, etc., under certain conditions and according to a certain proportion, currently commonly used organic solvents such as dmc, dec, emc, etc., commonly used electrolyte lithium hexafluorate, with a larger variety of additives, including membrane
Adders, conductive additives, flame retardant additives, overfilled protective additives, additives to improve low-temperature properties, etc. The electrolyte is a fine chemical product with high production difficulty characteristics, with high precision in the configuration process and high in the end product indicators, e.g. requiring a raw material purity of at least 99.95% in the configuration process, water of less than or equal to 10 ppm.
The electrolyte is also a strong formulation product, and the electrolytic fluids required for lithium batteries vary in their specifications and application scenarios, mainly in the type of additive and in the amount added. For batteries, for example, for which capacity and discharge rates vary, the electrolytic fluid conductivity needs to be adjusted by adding additives.
Specific process processes are as follows: 1. Import accurately detected and measured organic solvents into the mixed reactor for mixing; sampling and analysis of moisture, acidity after 2 half an hour, with tested, measured and qualified additives, lithium hexafluoride, continued sampling and analysis after 1 to 2 hours, 3 filled with quality indicators such as acidity, moisture, colour, density, conductivity, etc.
Figure 6: Flowchart of electrolyte process (ii) Lithium hexafluorophosphate: High production difficulty, High technical barrier lithium hexafluorophosphate is a high technical barrier product. Lithium hexafluorophosphate requires high purity, low hydrologic acid and low moisture, due to the extremes of the product itself
The core technology for the production of lithium hexafluoride prior to 2011 was largely monopolized by three Japanese firms, Kanto Electricization, Suterakemifa, and Morida Chemistry, but since 2011 domestic companies, represented by multi-fluoride and gifted materials, have been successful in achieving HFC-6.
There are currently two main process pathways for the market. One is the Japanese technology path commonly used in the market, which produces pentachlorinated phosphorus as a feedstock. The other is the United States technology, which is represented by the gift material, which reacts under the sulphuric acid system, using phosphate as a feedstock.
Lithium phosphorus specific process. 1 Lithium ion cell electrolysis production: with phosphate, add hf, under nitrogen protection, counter-reaction, reacts with a slight pressure, produces liquid Hpf6 emulsion, which is a white water emulsion. 2 Addes fluorine sulfate slowly in the reaction pan with Hpf6 solution, reacts with nitrogen protection and produces gas pf5. 3 introduces pf5 in the lif solvent dispersion fluid,
Reaction, producing Lipf6. (iii) Core Competitiveness Analysis in the Electrolysis Industry. In large measure, core competitiveness in materials products is not unique to quality and cost, nor is electrolyte. But specifically from electrolyte.
The quality is more focused on formulas and process controls, and the cost is based on raw materials. 1) The formula is designed to meet demand and create demand. As already mentioned, the electrolyte is a strong formula, and the electrolyte formulations are different from those required by the battery.
If you want to know what market demand is, you have to do with self-recruiting to produce better-performing lithium salt and additives to create demand with new products, e.g., process control, which is the key to building up production experience. The electrolyte is a fine chemical industry, and the process level determines the quality of the final product.
This would require years of accumulation of experience in the production of fine chemicals. 3) The cost of the electrolyte is based on the cost of the material and on lithium hexafluoric acid. So for the electrolyte product, the excellent formulation, the strong process control level, and the cost control level are the current electrolyte.
(i) Process control: 17 years of refined chemical manufacturing experience
Since its inception, Tian Chi has focused on the field of fine chemicals, forming a team of professional research and development teams headed by the company’s chairman, Xu Jinfu, which has accumulated a wealth of experience in production processes. The company’s core technologies are: (1) the company’s ability to choose a stable, viable and efficient product technology path:
(2) Throughout the production of the product, the company has acquired a range of technological know-how, including production preparation techniques, reaction control techniques, energy-saving environment conservation techniques, and has acquired a range of process methods in the context of synthesis, purity, drying, etc. The know-how and the methodology are know-how based on the professional background of the company and the accumulated long-term experience of the company, and are the core technological advantages of the company.
The process of production of fine chemicals is a process of refinement and accumulation of experience, with trial expansion being a key step in the relationship between basic chemical research and development and industrialization, which largely determines the competitiveness of fine chemical industries. In 2008, the company established a mid-test platform with complete chemical operation units, which has the following advantages:
1) Integration of multiple chemical operation units, flexible design of pilot processes in new products: 2) Accumulation of process experience and acceleration of engineering magnification of new products. 3) Improvement of pilot products based on market feedback, laying a solid foundation for scaling production.
The company’s main product, anti-composite emulsions, capum resins, lithium ion cell electrolytes, etc., are in the industrial stage through this flexible medium-testing platform. The company is now a global leader in solarizing, electrolyte products, and process control is visible, and we believe that the platform will provide a solid basis for the company’s future development.
(ii) Formula: Self-research innovation + large customer support development, which is based on self-research and large customer support development. For self-research, companies invest a significant amount of money annually in R & D costs, amounting to $53.19 million and $9.906 million in 2015/1916, respectively, at 46% and 86% respectively.
200 million yuan for the development of new lithium salt and additives, which is now well under way. In co-development with large clients, the company has become the core supplier of the domestic power cell Unicorn catl, which has been working for many years as a companion to the development of electrolytic fluids; in addition, the company is also a supplier of overseas battery plants, sony, lig, and working with it will help the company acquire technology.
Recently, the company announced that Xijiang Tianjian, a subsidiary of Xijiang, would invest in a joint venture with the Central Nitrogen Corporation to build 60,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluoride. The Japanese central whistle is the main supplier of electrolyte in overseas markets, including customers such as Samsung, lgc, and this time it shows that international manufacturers have recognized the quality of the company's liquid 6f and that it is also the company.
Further breakthroughs in overseas markets and entry into overseas supply chain systems will be more conducive to product development. (iii) Construction investments: below industry averages, starting with lithium hexafluoride (6f), where the construction cost of 2,000 tons of solid 6f is not significantly different from industry levels.
However, the cost of investing in the construction of the later liquid 6f expansion project has been significantly reduced, with investment in a single ton of solid 6f being only $19.9 million, or $1 billion, and the cost of converting a single ton of investment being only 0.47 million per ton, which is significantly lower than that of other companies. 6f is for the expansion project ... but is limited to warehouses, electricity, electricity, etc. that are compatible with the project.
Public works such as gas are upgraded from existing facilities or from existing ones, key links such as sulfate treatment, pf5 synthesis and product package (iv) feedstock cost: industrial chain cycle layout
The cost of self-production of lithium hexafluoride The electrolyte consists of the electrolyte lithium hexafluorophosphate (6f), which accounts for about 60 per cent of the total cost of raw materials (at a price of 6f150,000 yuan/t), the highest value.
In developing the electrolyte product, the company recognizes that lithium hexafluoride is the core material of the electrolyte. The highest value added is that its technical research and development level, production supply capacity, price levels, etc. significantly influence the size and profitability of the electrolyte business.
In 2015-2016, with rapidly growing downstream demand and a limited capacity for 6f, the price of 6f rose rapidly, from $80,000 per ton to nearly $400,000 per ton. Companies benefited fully from the price-up cycle with a 6f advantage, Māori 2016 Innovative process development: the cost of raw materials for solid 6f routes is lower, and the cost of liquid 6f processing chain is higher.
\triangleright ' s lithium hexafluorate production process differs from the market ' s mainstream, with raw materials using cheaper phosphoric acids, as well as non-volatile sulphuric acid production systems, which by-products are more profitable for recycling and lower raw materials and environmental costs.
The cost of producing solid 6f from companies is about 10-20% lower than the market mainstream. Innovative liquid 6f processes are expected to reduce the cost by about 20%. Since lithium hexafluorate is ultimately to be made into liquid electrolyte products in combination with solvents, the introduction of liquid products can reduce the process of crystallization and dissolution.
Simplified production processes and reduced costs. Lithium hexafluorate liquids also have a significant advantage in terms of project investment.
In addition to 6f, the company is also actively developing new lithium salts that are efficient, safe, environmentally friendly, and that meet the development needs of high-end lithium, taking into account the large downward trend in costs and increasing the competitiveness of electrolyte products. In 2016, the company is planning to raise additional investments for the construction of a new lithium salt project of 2,300t/a, including 2,000 tons.
The expected return from this project is known to be a single ton cost of only $166.7 million, which is significantly lower than the current market price of 1 million yuan/tonne (in the case of lifsi) and 150 tons of 4,5-dicyanyl-2-trifluoromethyl phosphorus (litdi) per year.
Accomplishment increases the competitiveness of the company’s electrolyte quality on the one hand, and yields significant benefits on the other. The company’s fine-tuning of the chemical industry, based on 6f, has for many years taken full account of the business chain cycle synergy approach in the layout of its business.
At the operational level, the company ' s unique lithium hexafluorate production process produces a portion of waste sulphuric acid containing hydrofluoric acid, which can be separated and purified for use in the production of 6f raw materials: at the same time, the phosphate pre-iron-drive layout can take full advantage of excess waste sulphuric acid and reduce waste treatment costs while reducing the cost of purchasing raw materials. In addition, the company has recently begun to deploy sulphuric acid,
Hydrofluoric acid and lithium carbonate. According to our calculations, the chain layout of the recycling industry is economically significant. The layout of the sulphuric acid chain reduces the cost of 6f per ton by about $3,000, and the cost of hydrofluoric acid by about 4,000. That is, by extending it up again.
Fluorine and sulphuric acid, where the company ' s production costs could be reduced by about $7,000 over the previous period. (v) Transport costs: Multi-land construction costs: due to the difficult storage of electrolyte fluids and the difficulty of long-range transport, companies have adopted a multi-field layout strategy to meet the needs of downstream customers.
At present, the recent installation of the Ensign factory is in China, and the national layout is nearing completion. The national layout will reduce transport and irrigation costs on the one hand, and will be more closely linked to clients on the other.
In terms of quality, 17 years of experience in the production of fine chemicals have been accumulated, significant R & D costs have been invested over the years, and new lithium salt and additives have been mobilized. Cooperation with companies like Catl, lg, central whistles, etc., on the one hand, recognizes the quality of the company’s products, and on the other.
For its part, clients, seizing the opportunities of new domestic energy vehicles and giving priority to expanding the domestic power cell market, have now become core suppliers to customers such as catl, home country, byd. The electrolyte product is a strong formula product, the customer is sticky, and the company has accumulated.
A high-quality customer base will benefit fully in the future from the rapid development of the new energy vehicle industry in the country. Meanwhile, the company has been able to open the lgc market outside the sea since this year, and has set up a joint venture with the central outpost of Japan’s electrolyte producers to provide liquid lithium hexafluoride, which is expected to be overseas.
On the cost side, construction investment costs for many of the company’s projects are significantly lower than industry averages, reducing the cost of electrolyte raw materials through the whole industry chain and loop layout, while reducing transport costs by constructing multiple electrolyte plants. According to our calculations, the current public sector’s electrolyte costs are industry-minimum and quality can be ensured at the same time.
In our judgement, recent projects such as sulphuric acid, hydrofluoric acid, etc., are the company’s last ring in the electrolyte chain layout, which will add bricks to the competitiveness of the electrolyte product. The company has successfully built high barriers to the electrolyte business through years of layout, and will benefit fully from the rapid growth of the electric car industry in the future.
After the construction of the high barriers to electrolyte operations, we decided that the industry of positive materials, with lithium carbonate at its core, would be the company.
The company is now working with the lithium-sink industry, the lithium-fluoride shares, and the direct purchase and sale of lithium-carbonate in the titanium-origin mines. And, by acquiring Ednamy, the iron-phosphate project, the iron-based phosphate project, the iron-phosphate material chain, and preparing for the construction of a new three-ton lithium-electric material project and the relocation of 25,000-ton-year-old lithium-phosphate production line in Taizhou.
With lithium carbonate at its core, the chain layout of the phosphate-based lithium industry is almost perfect and is expected to contribute this year. As a global leader of electrolyte, the company is expected to grow faster than the industry average, and as the industry’s chain layout progresses, profitability will be assured.
The downstream use of company battery material products is mainly for new energy vehicles, which are expected to have a greater impact on the performance of the public sector if the new energy vehicle industry is not developed as well.
The electrolyte is a high-customer sticky product, which will have a greater impact on performance if the company's major clients lose. 3. Project advances are not as high as expected and projects are currently under construction, and if project advances are not as high as expected, they will affect the company's follow-up operations to produce performance.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report