Securities Analysis
Site visit confirms strong growth momentum
NOT RATED
Current Price
RMB29.82
Wayne Fung, CFA
Company background. Jiangsu Hengli was founded in 2005, headquartered in
Changzhou, Jiangsu. Hengli has expanded its product line to hydraulic
components, precision castings, pneumatic components and hydraulic systems.
China Capital Goods Sector
Hengli currently has ~40% market share in hydraulic cylinder for excavator
(Hengli's key products) in China. WANG's family is the controlling shareholder
with \sim71% interest in Hengli. The Company has been listed in SSE since 2011.
Hengli has already become an indispensable supplier for its customers.
Hengli spent more than a decade to establish its track record and has successfully
become the key hydraulic cylinder supplier for the tier-one excavator
manufactures, such as SANY Heavy (600031 CH, NR), Caterpillar (CAT US, NR)
and XCMG (000425 CH, NR). For instance, Hengli has already supplied >50% of
CAT's hydraulic cylinders. During the site visit, we noted that Hengli has well-
Source: Shanghai Stock Exchange
designed production lines equipped with highly automatic robots and machines.
Share Performance
units of hydraulic cylinder and one set of pump & valve. Given that excavator
sales in China was 203k units in 2018, this translated into ~812k units of
hydraulic cylinder demand. Currently, Hengli has >40% of market share in
hydraulic cylinder, and there exists further room to gain market share from
Source: Bloomberg
peers such as KYB (7242 JP, NR). Hengli's hydraulic cylinder products are
12-mth Price Performance
priced even higher than its competitors due to its high performance and quality.
❖ Hydraulic pump & valve the next growth driver. Hengli is on track to ramp up
its capacity on pumps and valves. Given that the ASP of pump & valve is several
times higher than hydraulic cylinder, we see room for Hengli to boost its pump
& valve revenue to a level similar to that of hydraulic cylinder in a few years' time.
Hengli is currently pricing its pump & valves ~15% below its competitors in
order to gain market share. Several existing customers have started the
procurement of pump & valve from Hengli.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: RSM
Source: Company, CMBIS estimates
Specialized cylinder for heavy equipment growth driven by recovery of
infrastructure spending. This product is mainly for tunnel boring machine.
Hengli sees good growth momentum in 2019E, driven by the recovery of urban
rail transit investment. We see potential segment revenue growth of 20\% in
2019E.
Risk factors: (1) weakness in demand for excavators; (2) increase in
component cost.
Source: CMBIS
Source: CMBIS
Source: CMBIS
Source: CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company, CMBIS
Source: Company, CMBIS
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer that the analyst
covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation
was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission)
(1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s)
covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and
(4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of
China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that
which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of
their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently
evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own
investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS
and/or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any
interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or
employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained
in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and
reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS
provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue
other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and
analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations
or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the
objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this
publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of
CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I) falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order
2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated
Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a copy of this
research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.