2+n+3 strategy is on track, with overall rapid growth in performance Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 29 October 2024, 3rd Quarterly Report 2024, 3rd quarter of the company
Two hundred and fifty million yuan, an increase of 3.3 per cent over the previous three quarters, net non-mortality profit of $1.69 billion, sustained growth in comparison with the 2+n+3 strategy, overall rapid growth in performance, corporate prices compared to a trend of 300 deep
In the first three quarters of Huaqin, operating income was $76.01 billion, an increase of 17.2 per cent, combined Maori rate of 9.8 per cent, a decrease of 1.6 pct. 3q24 quarter revenue of $36.610 billion, an increase of 45.4 per cent, resulting from an increase in the share, as well as the impact of some competitive factors, and looking ahead to subsequent changes, we think gross.
Interest rates are expected to pick up gradually, as a result of the declining value of the cards and the competitive nature of the collection structure in the first three quarters, with high performance calculations accounting for 60.4 per cent, smart terminals accounting for 33.8 per cent, automobiles and industrial products accounting for 1.4 per cent, alot and others for 4.4 per cent, according to the sub-line:
Smart terminals, third quarter smart cellular rolls have grown significantly. Smart wear-type products have grown rapidly throughout the year: smart watches are expected to grow by more than 50% and tws headphones are expected to double. High performance calculations, 1) data operations: first three quarters of the quarter of the year.
Clients continue to grow in volume, breaking and collating the ai servers, general servers, storage servers and high-performance network switches. (2) Penthouses: laptops are delivered, market shares, industry competitiveness is significantly improved, and new products and customers are actively expanded.
At present, it is one of the best-rich odm companies in the panalot area. Automobile and industrial products, with 81% more in the previous three quarters than in the industrial sector.
Hardware combines the advantages of R & D design, working with a number of mainframes and tier0.5 firms, to continue to break through the products of the intelligent cabins, smart car controls, smart driving, and smart network. We maintain the previous profit forecast, with a net return profit forecast for the company for 2024-2026, respectively.
1.ai enabling endpoints, smart product platform models Market demand is less than expected; customer outreach is less than expected; industry is too competitive; ai server progresses; legal compliance information is used and the present report is produced independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open market information, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.