"2+n+3" product strategic layout, proposed for acquisition of Leudra Xiang Ji-hye-Jeong (603296.sh) company incident evaluation report.
▪ 24q3 income growth is significant, and profitability is temporarily subject to restructuring 1) The Māori rate of smartphone products has fallen; 2) The Reconciling of smartphones has led to an increase in revenue from the data centres, and the i server has been operating as a whole due to the higher cost of gpu cards
• Build the strategic layout of the "2+n+3" product, alot and the auto electronics industry build new growth curves by creating the strategic layout of the "2+n+3" product with smartphones and notes
The computer is a cornerstone that actively expands automobiles electronics, data centres, alots. 1 and Wallau Technologies (603296): Deep Farming is the leader of the cellular odm industry and the pen odm is the fourth largest in the world.
In the aipcodm industry, the layout of data centres and vehicle sub-business, companies have fully developed their R & D design capabilities in the arm architecture, building new growth curves in the electronics sector.
So far, smart pods, smart car controls, smart web links, smart driving four product lines have been configured and successfully imported into multiple mainframe plants' smart cabins and car networking projects. With regard to data centre operations, companies are able to provide ai servers, common uniforms, etc.
In 2024, data centre operations revenue is expected to double on 2023. At the alot business level, corporate products consist mainly of intelligence.
Alot's business is expected to grow at a high rate, with home availability, smart sound boxes, ipcamera, and game palms. At least three quarters of 2024, alot's business income is going to buy easy-to-reach audio to expand North America.
Recently, the company announced its intention to purchase 80% of the shares of the ILEC Enterprise Holdings Ltd. at a cash exchange of HK$2.85 billion from the Hong Kong LLC, a wholly-owned offshore subsidiary.
The main purpose of this merger is to complement each other’s business. When the delivery is complete, Illuda will focus on audio products and hold the resources of North America’s large clients to complement Chinese technology in the field of smart hardware business.
At this point, Huaqin will provide the resources of the ELDR platform, as well as the mitigation efficiency gains from automation, digitization, and inter-stateization. Looking ahead, the two sides are expected to develop in synergy, and the revenue from the public-sector smart terminal operations is expected to increase further.
Further, while maintaining a steady growth in traditional business, companies are expected to gain new performance gains through the central and alot operations. In addition, firms are active in mergers, acquisitions, deepening the moats in the area of smart terminal operations, and maintaining “buy-in” investments.
The business of alot has not progressed as expected; the major North American customers have imported as much as expected; and the demand in the area of downstream consumption costs and electronics has fallen short of expectations.
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.