The net profit increases further and the end-of-the-life advantage is highlighted. The net profits of the first half of the year have been growing faster, the fees have recovered faster, the size of assets has increased steadily, and the end-of-the-life liabilities have outperformed their peers.
The volume is stable overall, but the negative rate of generation has increased, and the following trends need to be followed.
The profits increase further, and the fees and fees increase more and more. Business banks continued to increase their operating income in the first half of the year. Companies continued to increase their provisions, with credit costs increasing by 25 bp to 1.12% on a year-on-year basis. The profit increase was 4.9% more than in the first half of the year.
Revenue from commissions increased by 1.8 percentage points to 3.4 per cent over the first quarter of the year, mainly as a result of the rapid development of credit cards and third-party payment operations, resulting in an increase of 16.7 per cent and 17.1 per cent in the first half of the year, respectively.
At the end of the debt, deposits increased by 3 per cent in the two-quarter round, and the share of deposits in total debt remained high at 82.9 per cent, with savings cost of 1.43 per cent, at a level equal to that of the beginning of the year, taking advantage of the business bank as a major bank to lead the stock.
At the same level as in the first quarter, it is expected that low interest rates on funds will gradually spread to the real economy in the second half of the year and that in the future bank asset end pricing will be somewhat downgraded, taking into account the Bank ' s advantage at the end of the liability, and we believe that the level of interest differentials will generally remain stable or slightly lower.
At the end of the second quarter, the rate was 1.54%, and the ring was equal to the one quarter. The percentage of loans/non-performing loans overdue for more than 90 days fell by 1.95 percentage points to 79% at the beginning of the year, which is considered to be stringent.
In the first half of the year, the company increased its efforts to dispose of bad write-offs.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
The Bank of Commerce and Industry published its semi-annual report for 2018, with net profits equal to 4.87 per cent in the first half of 2018. Total assets of 27.30 trillion yuan (+ 7.01 per cent, further increase in profit and recovery of fee income. Business banks increased their operating income by 7.0 per cent in the first half of the year and decreased by 1.7 percentage points over the first quarter of the year, mainly by increasing net interest income.
(+10.6%, yoy) On the basis of the high base for the same period last year, the rate of increase was less than one quarter. Companies continued to increase their provisions in the second quarter, with letter points. Commission revenue increased by 1.8 percentage points to 3.4% in the first half of the year compared to the rate of increase in the first quarter, mainly through the rapid growth of credit cards and third-party payments, resulting in an increase of 16.7% to 17.1% in the first half of the year, respectively.
The overall growth in the size of the assets of the business banks remained stable, with total assets increasing by 7/3 per cent for the two quarters and 1 percentage point for the one quarter increase compared with the one quarter increase compared with the one quarter increase, and the disposition of assets in the asset structure remained generally stable, with deposits remaining at a high level of 82.9 per cent of total liabilities, with deposit costs of 1.43 per cent held at the beginning of the year, in the context of the two quarters when there was a strong competition between client loans and ring ratios.
In the second half of the year, the interest differential was the same as the first quarter, with low interest rates expected to spread gradually to the real economy, with future bank asset end-prices or downsides, and deposit competition still strong, and given the industry’s advantage at the end of the debt, we believe that overall interest differential levels will remain stable or will drop slightly.
The value of loans of concern as a percentage of total loans fell from 72bp to 3.23% at the beginning of the year, and the proportion of loans/deprived loans that were more than 90 days overdue decreased by 1.95 percentage points at the beginning of the year.
To 79%, the negative rating is strict. We measure the annual negative rate of production of single-season write-offs by companies at 1.08%, an increase of 72bp in comparison, which we believe is mainly related to the increase in downside pressure on the real economy in the first half of the year. We are also concerned that companies increased their handling of bad write-offs in the first half of the year, with clearances and disposals in the first half exceeding the 17 years combined, a 97.8% increase in the same period.
In the first half of the year, the Bank’s net profits continued to grow at a faster pace, its revenue from fees rose, its assets grew steadily, and its liabilities outperformed its peers. At the same time, companies increased their disposal of bad write-offs, the overall quality of their assets was stable, but the rate of undesirable production increased, and attention was drawn to the fact that the downside of the economy led to a deterioration in the quality of their assets.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy goes below expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the assets of the banking sector will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is overstretched. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, with full coverage of banking regulation, both internal and external, slower growth in industry and faster “deleveraging” processes. Meanwhile, the merger of the Bank and the Insurance Council will enhance regulatory uniformity and coordination and enhance regulatory effectiveness, with various regulatory rules and regulations expected to accelerate down.
Limited, thus affecting the rate of increase in net profits.