The titanium powder industry is strong, and from China to the world, the supply mix is strong, and titanium powder is expected to stay high.
In recent years, overseas capacity has been withdrawn, and no new capacity has been added, except for partial recovery. Zero growth in domestic capacity in 2018, while new production capacity will be scarce due to industrial policy constraints, while chlorination is highly demanding for technology and experience, with no associated accumulation of business regulations.
At the same time, export volumes are growing rapidly, with a strong, high-intensity build-up of exports expected to continue. Total equity/flow (million shares)
The main competitive advantage of the industry is the moat that runs through the entire industrial chain The company has a combined capacity of 600,000 tonnes per year in 2018, the fourth largest in Asia and the fourth in the world.
Python Pyramid (002601), downstream market and pricing rights (which led to two price surges in industry in 2019), Pyri dynamic evaluation: prices rose again 22 days later, titanium
The industry’s flagship status, coupled with the moats that cut through the entire industry chain, will significantly benefit from the high-profile cycle.
"Accompanied by the multi-year technological and empirical accumulation of chlorination, two editions of 200,000 tonnes/year success, robust and new production performance for global competitiveness."
The conversion of concentrates into titanium chloride projects will not only increase the self-sufficiency and profitability of their own materials, but will also be significant in breaking the raw material bottlenecks of domestic chlorination technologies. With the advantage of the whole industry chain, the production of 200,000 tonnes/year of new chlorination will soon begin.
The price of titanium powder has fallen sharply, export demand has fallen sharply, chlorinated titanium powder has been put into production, and the titanium powder industry has gone from China to the world, leading the titanium powder industry from China to the world.
The company, formerly the Carafort Marketed Industries Plant, established in 1975, was transformed into a joint-stock enterprise in 1998 and into a joint-stock enterprise in 2001.