..contributions to the planet (600161.sh)
At the end of the income end, the company received 24q2 \triangleright at the short-term rate of growth of 24q1
They begin to contribute gradually to income, as silt is silt, and by product: 1) protein: 2024h1, yielding 1.11 billion yuan, compared to the same amount, showing an increase in sales earnings and higher profitability, mainly due to factors such as product prices, cost-control measures, etc. The company acquired several slurry stations during the 1455s, and the effective control of the National Drug Group is strong. The number of single slurry stations of companies and the scale of the slurry continues to increase.
In the first half of the year, the company had 102 stations (80 in the first half of the year), 1294 tons (80 in the first half of the second half of the year), 1125 tons (76 in the second half of the year), an increase of approximately 15 per cent.
In the course of the year, 43 new batch stations were acquired, reflecting the company’s strong power in the blood industry to take new slurry stations, higher expectations of slurry stations and slurry levels, longer-term space for blood products, and steady growth, laying the foundation for the company’s future performance sustainability. Given the position of the real-controlled pharmaceutical company in China’s pharmaceutical industry,
Li, we judge that, in the future, with regard to the introduction of new slurry stations, the skyscrapers are expected to achieve more remarkable results, and we believe that the skyscrapers have the potential to grow into global giants in the industry of biopharmaceuticals in China.
In the product ladder, the fourth generation (10%) of Chengdu's silhouette is marketed, and the product is safer and more efficient in clinical use than the third generation, taking into account the developed countries abroad.
The market for blood products is dominated by layered silt, which we consider to have a greater potential for the future market and one of the main drivers of the future increase in company ton-slipped profits. In other research products, the Lanzhou human cholesterol enzyme complex is in the process of applying for a public permit; Chengdu injected human immune proteins under the Yong skin, recombined human cdensation factor via, injected recombinant human cdensation factor vii-fc blended proteins, etc.
Clinical trials on research and development topics were well conducted: the Wuhan blood-celebrosis complex and the Quantified rhinoceros have received the Drug Clinical Test Approval Notice, and the company’s successor product ladder has been perfected, and it is expected to improve the company’s tonnage profit level continuously in the future. The points accurately reflect my personal perceptions of the standard securities and issuers. I am a hard-working professional, professional and careful research method, using information on legal compliance.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.