q2 performance growth is higher than expected, with the addition of new items on the market q2 battalion and profit growth higher than expected. 24q2 companies generated $1.619 billion, compared to $411 million in net profit for mothers, representing a 34 per cent increase in the same year.
The number of slurry stations and the scale of the slurry continue to be at the forefront of the country.
The number of slurry stations and the capacity to build them has always been a national leader; in 2023, 16 new slurry stations were licensed to operate, bringing the number of slurry stations in operation to 76, with 2415 tons of slurry, an increase of 19 per cent, or about 20 per cent of the total slurry in the domestic industry.
In 16 provinces/autonomous regions of the country, the total number of single plasma stations stood at 102 and, as of March 2024, the number of single plasma stations was 80. As the new slurry stations became operational, the company ' s total slurry harvests increased its performance on the market and the pipelines were enriched.
The fourth generation of high-pure herbs was approved for listing in the country’s first home, and Chengdu Yongsheng was licensed to reorganize the blood-celebration factor viii, and the product matrix was further enriched, bringing new performances to the company in 2024. In terms of research products, companies are developing more than a dozen blood products and genetic restructuring products.
Multi-species research and development lines have been developed around rare diseases such as haemophilia, immuno-deficiency and severe infection, recombinant human coagulation factor seven (rhfvia) and subterranean inoculation of human immunoglobin are in the iii proto-bed trial phase, and long-act recombinant human coagulation factor viiiii is in the i-clinic trial phase.
The company announced its 2024 business goal, which shows confidence in development. The 2024 financial budget report shows that the 2024 business target for Skyfauna is expected to generate $6,126 million, a net increase of 18 per cent.
In 2024, it is expected that the net return of the planetary organisms to the mother will be about 1.33 billion yuan, based on 74% of the planet's shareholding stock. The investment proposal is that the planetarium organisms are the leading domestic blood industry and, as of 2023, the company owns a single stock.
The number of slurry stations is 102, with a projected plasma processing capacity of 4,000 to 5,000 tons, to catch up with the international first-line blood company. The company is well-developed in pipelines and potential products are expected to become more dangerous; downstream demand is not as high as expected; product sales are not as high as expected; and R & D is not as fast as expected.
[Galactic Medicine] company review report _ Astronomy organisms (600161.sh): Sustained performance, slurry and product pipeline double-leading, Table 1: Key financial indicators forecast
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is made available to its clients by China's Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be treated as a customer by recipients for receiving this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.