Medical biology, certificate of origin, huayuansecurities.
14/07/07/2024 Altairs (600161.sh) - overperformance, long space for blood products
The same-year growth rate of 5.6 per cent and the realization of a net return profit of $730 million, a 28.1 per cent increase in the same year; and 24q2, a sustained boom in the business sector and a robust growth in the company’s performance.
The net interest rate is 24h1, mainly due to factors such as product prices, cost control, and increased sales earnings.
The company acquired several slurry stations during the 1454s, and the company has a strong control over the drug syndicates in the country. The number of slurry stations and the scale of the slurry in the company continue to be a national leader. At the end of 2020, the company had 59 slurry stations (55 in the battalion) and, as of March 2024, 102 (80 in the battalion).
During the first three years of the fourteen-five-year period, the company acquired 43 new slurry stations, reflecting its strong power to take new slurry stations in the blood industry. Slurry levels also increased from 1713 tons in 2020 to 2415 tons in 2023, and slurry and slurry levels continued to grow robustly, laying the foundation for the company ' s future performance.
1. " Skyfare Life (600161.sh): The blood industry ' s position and strength in China ' s pharmaceutical industry. We judge that in the future, it is expected that it will be able to extract the taps and that the number of slurry stations will be significant during the 1455 period.
With the brightest performance, we believe that there is a potential for life on the planet to grow into a global class of giants in China’s biopharmaceutical industry.
\triangleright has been marketed (10%) and the product is safer in clinical use than the third generation, more efficient, considering that the market for blood products in developed overseas countries is dominated by dichotomy, and we believe that the product will be marketed in the future.
The field potential is one of the main drivers of the future company ' s ton profit increase. For other products, Chengdu's recombinant human cdensation factor viii has been approved for listing, the human fibrous proteins and the Lanzhou bloodlines are in the process of applying for the license; Chengdu has injected injected human immune protein under the skin and injected the recombinant blood.
Research and development topics like iiivia are in the course of a clinical trial phase, and the company’s successor product ladder is well developed and is expected to improve the company’s ton profit level continuously in the future. The points accurately reflect my personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.