East Poon beverage (605499ch) Tracking report: set up the North China Regional Headquarters and the second curve is steady.
View Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forengrishsummary) up to better than big cityupgradetooutperform
In recent days, the company's board of directors has voted on a bill to sign the Tianjin Production Base Project, which is better than the City's "outperform investment agreement" and to establish a fully-owned subsidiary for outward investment.
The company is planning to sign an investment agreement with the people’s government of the town of Htiesg, West Qingg, Tianjin City, to invest in the construction of the East Peng beverages in Tianjin City.
e-s-g: 0-5, (pleaserefertotheappendixforesgcomments) Group North China Regional Headquarters and Tianjin Production Base, further entrenching the company’s pre-eminence in terms of size, channels, and brands.
The establishment of the rmb73.50bn/us$10.09bn base is expected to further reduce logistics transport costs and steadily increase the city’s share. The Māori rate has improved significantly, and the rates are generally manageable.
The price of raw materials, such as polyester slices, has fallen, smoothing the impact of rising white sugar prices. 23q3 sales/management rates have been equal to +1.3 pct/+0.1 pct to 17.5 per cent/3.0 per cent.
According to the sub-products, the main product of 23q3 was 2.86 billion yuan, or 25.7%, of the sum of 2,860 million yuan, compared to 25.7%, and the quarterly round-up of the water.
The second curve has been steadily realized through high-quality development in the Guangdong region/national region of 23q3 (with the exception of the Guangdong region and the direct headquarters)/marketing channels. The company continues to improve the network layout of the channels, adding single-point output. By the end of the reporting period, the company had 2,780 distributors, and a single-point output.
A dealer raises revenue by 21.7% to 3.106 million yuan on the same basis. The number of company terminals currently stands at about 3.5 million and has reached 100% coverage of the local city. At the end of the product, the company’s core is growing steadily, while relying on an innovative and efficient research and development platform, which is renewed in the interior of the year.
New products from the Bureau are cut into new high-window channels, such as electrolytic water (Tung Peng rehydration), sugar-free tea (Ulong tea) and fast penetration of the terminal points, and the need for the product is validated on a case-by-case basis, enabling the company to move from a single to a multi-grade complex of drinks.
The average value of a comparable company, taking into account the continuing progress of the company's nationalization process, is the second increase.