Postal Bank (601658): Asset quality insurance Postal Bank incident: 25 March, the Postal Bank published its 2019 annual report.
This represents an increase of 16.5 per cent over the same period; a revenue of $276.81 billion, an increase of 6.1 per cent over the same year; and an annualization of roe 13.1 per cent, an increase over the same year.
The company has established the only “self-employed + agency operating model” for Chinese banking partners.
Net profits increased by 16.5 per cent over the 19-year period, at a faster rate than comparable counterparts.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and services to the "Shorts" have benefited significantly from the opportunities of China’s economic transformation. Loans have increased their share of interest-bearing assets by 3.7-48.3% over the year.
First in the industry: personal deposits as a percentage of deposits increased by 1.3 pct to 87.9% on a year-on-year basis; low-cost deposits have greater scope for business development.
The total equity/currenta share (in thousands) is contributed by 1.59 per cent. The equity liabilities of the Postal Bank have been placed in greater space, with the combined rate of savings agent fees continuously declining by increasing the ratio of high-yield assets.
The combined rate has fallen between 7bp and 1.32% over 18 years. Cost revenue has increased by 0.2pct to 56.6% over the same year, below comparable counterparts; concern is expressed at the low loan rate and the late loan rate, with the 90-day loan share falling by 7bp investment proposal: the retailing of the Postal Bank has a strong and growing character. The low-cost advantage at the end of the liability +
Retail business advantages will support a smooth spread; they will grow at a higher rate than comparable businesses, with greater potential for growth, and are expected to maintain a higher rate of profit than their counterparts. And with less negative pressure, there will be more room for counter-replenishment.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn The source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
Net profits have been growing at a high rate, with a decline in the rate of harvests and pops. The Reserve Bank has been able to collect $276.81 billion in 19 years, an increase of 6.1 per cent over 19 years; net profits (ppops) have increased by 5.6 per cent over the same period before the provision was made, a decline over 18 years; net profit returns of $60.93 billion, an increase of 16.5 per cent over the same period; and rapid gains: performance growth in 19 years has been positive in terms of size, non-interest, provision, taxation, negative contribution in terms of interest and cost.
Increased contributions; negative shifts in interest, provision, tax contributions to profits; positive shifts in interest differentials and cost contributions to profits.
Table 2: Disaggregated performance of the Postal Bank (single-season ring comparison) Table 3: Analysis by the Postal Bank of Dupont 2019, the source of financial prosperity in the East
2. By the end of 2019, the size of the Postal Bank loan and interest-bearing assets was 4.97 trillion yuan and 10.34 trillion yuan, respectively, respectively, representing an increase of 16.3 per cent and 7.8 per cent, with interest-bearing assets increasing by 1.8 pct more than in 2018. Total deposits at the end of the year amounted to 9.31 trillion yuan, an increase of 8.0 per cent.
Investment in bonds increased by 3.22 pct to 40.39 per cent over five years. (2) At the end of 19 years, the balance of deposits in the Postal Bank as a proportion of interest-bearing liabilities. Overall, the structure of the Portfolio Bank’s assets and liabilities has been optimized.
Figure 7: Reserve Bank deposits - interest-bearing liabilities ratio has increased to 97.2 per cent 3. Net interest differentials have been narrow and non-interest income has increased at a high rate
In 19 years, the Postal Bank recorded a 2.50% net interest spread, a decline of 17bp over the same year, which was contributed by a decrease in interest-bearing asset returns (from 6bp to 4.04%) and an increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities (from +13bp to 1.59%). The Fund’s asset liabilities were spread more widely, optimizing the deposit period by increasing the ratio of high-yield assets and increasing non-interest income. In 2019, net fee income increased by 5.05pct to 18.37% over the same period.
The clearing business has grown better; agent services (funds and asset management sales), trustees and other fiduciary commissions have contracted the same rate. Overhead costs have decreased (1h19 vs. 1.76 per cent vs. 2019), which together has contributed to a rapid increase in fees and fees. Non-interest income accounts for the financial and intellectual boom in the East.
Postal Bank (601658): The quality of assets is stable and the potential for transformation is high The combined rate of savings agent fees has been declining steadily. The Bank has managed to pay savings agent fees to a total of 78.805 billion yuan in 19 years, and the combined rate of savings agent fees has decreased by 7bp to 1.32% over 18 years. Cost revenue has increased by 0.2pct to 56.6% over the same year.
Figure 14: Postal bank provision coverage, loan allocation ratio, and increase in 19
The year’s 1.1-fold pb target is valued, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality; unexpected outmoded changes in regulatory policy, etc.
Postal Bank (601658): The quality of assets is stable, the potential for transformation is high.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that the Postal Bank (601658) had stable asset quality and high transformation potential.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.