Investment delayed net profit performance, and nbv remained relatively robust. Events: Life in China published three-quarterly reports in 2023, and Company earned operating income in the first half of 2023 (60128.sh)
Wang Qing Dynasty's new business value remained robust at the same rate as the year before, and investment returns continued to drag off net profit performance. 1) Nbv, the company's ratio of nbv to +14.0 per cent in the third quarter of 2023, though at a faster rate than in the same year.
The impact of the capital market situation, the pressure on long-end interest rates and equity market performance has resulted in pressure on asset earnings, such as corporate solid and equity, and the corresponding return on investments in the first three quarters of the new accounting standards - 85.6 per cent, thus delaying the net profit performance of the mother (youy-under the new accounting standards)
The end of the liability continues to show excellent performance and the channel continues to improve in quality. 1) The end of the liability is more visible and the quality of the business continues to improve, with the 3q23 company premium revenue, the new policy premium, the first year of payment, the size of the premium and the rate of increase rising over the same three-year period, the premium income, the new policy premium and the first year of the year.
Business structures are also being optimized as companies continue to reform, with 10 years and more and the first years of the year as a whole, under the leadership of the “Ten Works” strategy, the company is increasingly strengthening its sales teams, increasing its productivity and increasing its human capacity while steadily stabilizing and improving its quality and thus bringing about public safety.
In our view, the regulatory nature of the recent regulation against the costs of “opening the door” and “reporting together” in silver insurance is to regulate the long-term, to regulate the industry, to promote sound and high-quality development of the industry in the long term, with insurance products based on “savings” and “insurance”.
Low interest rates and equity market shocks drag investment-side performance, subject to macroeconomic and capital constraints.
\triangleright Sindam Securities Co. Ltd. has led to solidated asset allocation pressure, coupled with larger stock market concussion adjustments, equity
The pressure on asset allocation is further evident. ltd The total and net return on investment of 3q23.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: interest market fluctuations and downside interest rates in the first three quarters of 2023
However, in terms of the dimensions of the liability, the overall reform has been of significant quality, with risk channels of manpower modulation and quality, product structure and nbv showing a positive trend. In the context of macroeconomic policy decline, long-end interest rates at the end of the investment and equity market performance may be expected to be repaired.
Risk factors: continued downswing of macroeconomics; loss of people as a result of difficulties in increasing the workforce of agents and declining productive capacity; high volatility in capital markets; and continued downswings in the consumer appetite of the population.
Figure 1: Insurance premiums for new policies (millions of dollars) and speed of increase Figure 3: Number of agents (millions) and speed of increase
In November 2019, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Zhang Kaijian, Master of Arts in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, and in June 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the non-banking financial sector.
In August 2022, he joined the Sino-Sultan industry in research on non-monetary finance. Investment logic, finance and finance, asset liabilities, wind control, external environment, etc.
Liao Yiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, and Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, are enrolled in the University of Zhejiang School of Honour and the Financial Science Experiment. Experiences are related to leasing, private collection, banking, and securities.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.