China Life (601628.sh) Short-term performance is under pressure and strategic transformation is continuing. Three quarters of corporate performance is falling. In the first three quarters of 2023, Chinese life earned $709.33 billion in operating income.
The premium revenue and investment returns are phased in without changing the long-term trend to a good one. The company’s performance in the third quarter continues the low volatility of the equity market, with net investment returns falling by 24.7 per cent over the same period, and the firm’s demand for insurance is realized separately. The fall in price rates in the second quarter accelerates the increase in the industry’s short-term premiums and the revenue from the third quarter.
At the same time, the third quarter is a “open door” preparation period, and the team's “survival, eugenic” is a priority for the quarterly transition. By the end of the third quarter, the company sold 720,000 people, the ring was flat, and in the future, the company will insist on raising the ratio of middle- and high-capacity and optimizing the quality of agents.
Long-term steady development. Three quarters of silver insurance, each of the insurance channels, are in the process of regulating normative policy, which is expected to have some impact on the pace of marketing in the short term; in the medium to long term, however, it will be beneficial for industry and companies to effectively control the cost of debt and achieve sustainable development. The company will fine-tune its product strategy in three ways in the future, one for different channels.
Qualitative customer characteristics, with a fine-tuning of clients according to geographical location, age, etc.; second, product development design will be rigorous, Chinese Life (601628.sh) - Size and Growth Added with Double Added Value of Contributory Fees, which will enhance the core competitiveness of the product; and third, further cross-cutting asset liability management concepts.
Life in China (601628.sh) - Second quarter channels and new singles are stabilizing, equity-type assets are based on product longevity, cash flow characteristics, patterns, etc. and asset liability management considerations are optimized. Life in China (601628.sh) — 2022 — quarterly reviews — channels are stable.
In the future, the company will continue to implement the transformation strategy of the eight major Chinese Lifelines (601628.sh) - Quality improvements in the risk channels and stabilization of the insurance rate. In the first three months of this year, the company will be working on the ecological development of the Great Health + Big Aged.
The Department has defined a model of “big old-age” services centred on “cities of old-age ecology”; the company will have a comprehensive system of old-age ecology in 20 to 30 cities throughout the country in the next two to three years, with a better demand for services.
The strategy of “strength, push for change, and risk prevention” has led to a growing pattern of growth. It is expected that the company’s performance will improve significantly with the four-quarter “open door” drive and the recovery of assets. Figure 2: China’s income from life insurance operations (in millions of yuan)
Figure 1: China ' s net profit on life single quarter (in millions of yuan) Figure 4: China ' s rate of return on life investment (in %) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author