Chinese life (601628.sh) has made it possible to create old-age opportunities and promote marketing reform.
On October 31, 2023, the Chinese Life Insurance Company, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Chinese Life”) organized an Open Day for Investors in Tianjin, during which the Department gave a comprehensive presentation on the results of the construction of the old-age eco-system and the reform of the insurance marketing system.
On the one hand, from the perspective of “insurance + old-age” companies have developed long-term strategic plans to provide clients with cross-cyclical insurance and old-age security services to build a high-quality and efficient old-age system with a combination of assets and liabilities. On the other hand, Chinese life has further promoted marketing transformation through the “six major initiatives” to meet the needs of new-generation customers and capture market segmentation.
In the 20 weeks since the company was listed, it has been working to improve the whole industry chain layout, leading the industry in the areas of insurance services, integrated finance, old-age construction, capital management, etc., and in the context of a comprehensive transformation strategy, we continue to appreciate the company’s future growth performance. The company is expected to have six major reform initiatives, with a new marketing strategy, from 2023 to 2025.
Since the introduction of the “G8 Project” strategy in late 2022, Chinese life has been pushing ahead with the reform of the marketing system, increasing the per capita capacity of the stock team, promoting the upgrading of the proxy team, and the initial results of the marketing reform. As of the end of the third quarter of 2023, the total insurance premium for the company's insurance channels amounted to 44.84 billion yuan; over 660,000 people in the size of the insurance workforce, almost at the same level as at year's end; and 29 per cent of the output per person in the pipeline, provided that the number of agents remains essentially stable.
The new marketing strategy for Chinese life is divided into “new team development” and “existing team upgrading.” With regard to new team formation, the company has launched a “planting sub-plan” to break traditional marketing patterns around the six main blocks of “new positioning, new architecture, new systems, new marketing, new empowerment, and new development.”
The company plans to build three to five successful sample cities throughout the country over a period of two years, taking into account the needs of new generations of customers.
The new architecture: a shift from a multi-level to flat-level structure, from one person to a professional focus. Only the “manager”, “partner”, “planner” levels have been established, focusing on team management, operation, marketing and leveraging of their respective strengths to improve marketing efficiency.
4. New marketing: a creative marketing model that integrates landscape marketing, content production and technological empowerment, provides clients with multi-dimensional values such as pre-sale risk reduction, accurate decision-making in sales, and post-sale economic compensation.
New enabling systems: building multi-purpose systems covering finance, marketing, health, old age, management, etc., to support teams with a “combined plus personality” enabling system to achieve “stability plus sensitivity”. New development: in recruiting, a combination of “company recruitment plus individual recruitment” is adopted, high standards are maintained and access thresholds are harmonized.
In terms of team upgrading, the company plans to increase its capacity by 30 per cent by 2025 through the six major initiatives of “Big Body Engineering.” 1. Structural upgrading: upgrading the quality of the existing workforce, age structure, and strengthening the professional competence of agents.
4.0, Interplanetary engineering, etc., to improve middle- and high-yielding capacity by 2.4 pt. 2. Generation and upgrading: upgrading training capabilities to create an “integrated new-person” operating model. By the end of the third quarter, the company's contribution per person was upgraded by 3. Base level: building an autonomous, efficient and healthy business model, through goal management, activity management, mentoring.
4. Regional upgrades: exploit the advantages of the company’s territorial coverage to deep-seated markets; marketing upgrades: combine technological and digital support; upgrade the corporate marketing model; and match customer demand more precisely.
Service upgrades: optimize service delivery systems to provide a full range of services to clients, taking into account existing client sizes and company combined strengths. Figure 6: China's income from life insurance operations (in millions of yuan)
As the ageing of our population continues to increase, the country’s need for old-age pension continues to rise, and the improvement of the multilevel pension security system and active participation in building the third pillar of old-age pension is an important part of the improvement of the old-age system. China’s long-term approach to life is based on a long-term vision of “insurance plus old-age” and strategic planning.
In the future, Chinese life will create a system of high-quality and efficient old-age service management that will rapidly develop the capacity to provide healthy old-age services in some cities through a combination of heavy assets.
Figure 7: China’s quarterly net profit (in millions of yuan) as a leading insurance industry, China’s life follows the path of high-quality development. On the one hand, companies look at “insurance + old-age” in terms of “insurance + old-age”
On the other hand, China's life has been promoting marketing transformation through the “six major initiatives” to meet the needs of new generations of customers and to capture market opportunities. Over the 20-week period of company listing, the entire industry chain has been well-developed, in terms of insurance services, comprehensive finance, pension construction, and fund management.
The results of the reforms were not as good as expected; the new products were less attractive than expected; the “open door” short-term marketing rhythm was adjusted; capital markets continued to shock; long-end interest rates went down; Chinese life (601628.sh) - the quality of the risk channel was raised and the premium rate stabilized - 2022-03-26 The author assured that the data used in the report were from the compliance channel; the logic of analysis was based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author