The Ministry of Finance, the Customs Administration and the Tax Administration jointly issued a report entitled " Tax Free Shopping for Passengers from Hainan Island " .
On 1 June, the Party Centre and the State Council issued the General Program for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, which proposes the year 2025.
The programme was implemented by an earlier announcement extending the shopping limit to $100,000 per person and expanding the range of duty-free goods. This exemption has been adjusted for the fourth time since the policy was implemented, with an increase of 233% over the $30,000 announced in 2018, and the elimination of the single $8,000 purchase limit.
The off-island duty-free market has changed qualitatively, and in the past, although the amount has been gradually increased from $5,000 to 30,000, it has been subject to a single consumption limit, which limits the central hub for the purchase of tax-free commodity prices and limits the unit price (average unit price for 2016-2019 is $4757), and this adjustment has been made.
The expansion of product varieties (additional to e-products, e-type 7) implies the elimination of postage taxes beyond the original limit of 8,000, the expansion of the range of options and price ceilings, and, on the other hand, the expansion of the product category, which also broadens the target population or will result in a significant increase in unit prices.
Driven by the epidemic, the rate of conversion of duty-free shops from the island will increase. Expatriation from the island has been frustrated, and Hainan has become a relatively hot destination for domestic tourism.
148%. In recent years, there has been a steady increase in the rate of conversion of tax-free shops in Sea Bay (from 21% in 2014 to 30%), and this year, the rate of conversion of Gulf traffic is expected to increase further by three times the volume of shopping in the second half of the year and to be completed in the second quarter, given the trend of the epidemic affecting overseas shopping and consumption return.
The combined advantage is not to be afraid of moderate competition. The Proclamation also makes it clear that tax-exempt business is eligible for tax exemption.
The main subjects of the camp may participate as required in duty-free operations off Hainan Island, with increased industry competition based on policy orientation, licensing and market participants over the last two years, but, as we have said before, the public sector has significant advantages in size and procurement, and the modest opening of competition will boost market dynamism, but it will be difficult to change public administration.
In addition, there is still a city-wide tax-free shop policy that anticipates that future corporate tax-exempt operations will be better organized. It should be 51 times higher in 2021, given the impact of the short-term epidemic, the airport duty-free shop will remain under pressure, and Wi.
The inability of the airport's tax-free shop to open and the high rate of airport seizures have led to rigid sales costs Source: Corporate Bulletins, Bonded Certificates
This report is prepared by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. investment and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed prior to prior notice. The certificate of interest (Hong Kong) company and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will either have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in this report, i. or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The certificate of profit (Hong Kong) company and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf or on behalf of others.