China ' s mid-term exemption (601888): q2 recovery is significant, and policies are expected to sustain the future. Events: China ' s mid-year performance report for the first half of 2020 was released, yielding business income of 19.31 billion yuan, compared to the previous year
China is exempt from the current domestic duty-free retailing leader, operating in China. The overseas epidemic has dragged down airport shop performance and effectively replenished online purchases; duty-free sales are promoted off the island, and the sea is free of charge, mainly in the sale of duty-free goods, including tobacco, alcohol and perfume.
As far as airport ports are concerned, overseas epidemics have led to a sharp drop in the number of people entering and leaving the country, as well as to the rigidity of the rent; however, companies are actively promoting online platforms to effectively supplement the airport by direct mail.
For the next three to six months, a major issue is the collection of stores. According to Henan Island tax exemption, 26 days of closure during the January-February season have had a certain impact on income, and the volume of duty-free sales in Hainan rose by 148% to 1.98 billion in May, following a surge in sales, for example.
q2 recovered significantly from off-island sales promotion and airport repurchases, with a 9.6% increase in operating income the same year, and tax-exempt policies were more profitable than ever, reflecting higher performance in the second half of the year. Hainan tax-exempt policies were more liberal, contributing to total equity/transita shares (million shares).
On July 1, the Notice of the Hainan Free Shopping Policy for Passengers from the Island landed, and the circulation b/h (millions of shares) significantly liberalized the restrictions on the purchase of duty-free goods. The first week of Hainan's duty-free New Market for Shopping is away.
In addition, the policy has had a significant effect on the tax-free consumption stimulus of 65,000 customers, $450 million in total, $657.1 million in tax-free purchases, $9.39 million per day, or 58.2 per cent more than in the first half of the year. In addition, cross-provincial group trips have been resumed, in line with the Hainan government ' s target of 30 billion tax-free sales for the entire year.
In the long run, policies to promote the return of overseas consumption remain unchanged, and the advantage of the track remains clear. As our tax-exempt economies are gradually released, and the city’s inner market policy continues to grow, the potential of the domestic tax-free market remains high.
The company’s pre-emptive advantage, with a market share of more than 80% of the domestic tax exemption, will be given priority in the benefits of the industrial dividend from the return of overseas consumption. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: looking at the policy-driven and rapid growth of the tax exemption in China’s off-island region.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China, China, 601888: q2 has recovered significantly, policies are expected to sustain their strength in the future.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's mid-point (60888): q2 recovery is significant, and the future is expected to continue with sustained momentum.
Studies in the areas of catering tourism, tax exemption and education, and consumption and strategy studies in the Hong Kong Unit, currently in the social services sector, with emphasis on education and training, human resources services, catering hotels, brigades
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.