Newtime security
The tax-free shop at Sanya Airport is set to open at the end of November.
On 8 September, China released a circular agreeing to exempt the company from duty-free duty within the Sanya Corporation, a company with full capital, to set up the Central Phoenix Airport Free Shop Limited (tentative name), and to apply for exemption from duty on the island, in accordance with the relevant regulations and requirements.
• 51 per cent exemption at Sanya Airports, 49 million yuan in shares and 51 per cent in shares of the basic maritime partners, 49 million yuan in the Sanya Airfield Investment and Development Corporation, 49 per cent in shares. Sanya Airfields are 100 per cent in 100 per cent of the Sanya Airport Company, compared to the maritime base
Minimum/highest in a year: Shareholders in the indirect holdings of Sanya Airport. This is roughly similar to the Melanes Airport in Haiguchi (51% free by sea, the Sanya airport is expected to open by the end of November).
Henan Province plans to open three additional off-island duty-free shops in Sanya during the year, including Phoenix Airport and two in-town shops.According to the request of the Hainan provincial government, the newly established duty-free shop operators are required to apply for an off-island duty-free shop, which will be cleared by the Ministry of Finance in conjunction with the General Customs Administration, the General Tax Administration, and the Ministry of Commerce to ensure that 2020 will be achieved
The construction and opening of a tax-free shop by November 28th. This means that the tax-exempt Sanya airport is expected to officially open its doors at the end of November, thereby contributing to a partial increase in the company’s income in the fourth quarter.
In 2019, the San Phoenix International Airport completed 123,000 transport landings and landings, and the airport duty-free shop, which serves as the last stop for out-of-town tourists to visit Sanya and the island, will continue to help raise duty-free penetration rates from the island in the future.
With the opening of the airport, the number of duty-free visitors from the island as a whole will be released and the penetration rate will increase further. • The policy dividend will contribute to the continued high rate of tax-exempt growth from the island by maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Free and Straight from the Island Growth, which is expected to bring down all year-round rents. 2020-09-01. Big increase of 240% in July, free of all year-round departures from the island.
Annual revenues of 54.936 billion yuan, 95.779 billion yuan and 12.697 billion yuan, an increase of 14.53 per cent.
On 8 September, China issued an announcement agreeing to a cash-based investment of 100 million yuan in tax-exempt stores in Sanya City, the company ' s full-owned Sun Company, Ltd., and Sanya Tianjin Industrial Investment and Development Co. Ltd.
In addition to the exemption from duty-free business at San Phoenix Airport, which is now officially in place, the exemption from duty-free business at the airport is based on the rules and requirements set out in the agreement.
The equity structure of the IIIA airport off the island is 51 million yuan from the SZZZC and 49 million yuan from the SZZAC.