China Free China (601888). Tax exemption from the island is rising, and policy holds the promise of sustained strength.
The main activities are the sale of duty-free goods, mainly tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc. The disease has dragged the performance of airport shops, and the on-line purchases are effectively supplemented; duty-free sales are promoted off the island; and the distribution, retailing and distribution of duty-free goods, such as the sea-free industry, etc.
According to the airport port shop, the offshore epidemic has led to a sharp drop in the number of people entering and leaving the country, and has led to rigid rents, which have hampered performance; but the company is actively promoting online platforms that effectively supplement airport stores by direct mail.
The off-island tax exemption has been rising in turn, as the epidemic has improved and the promotion of the current flow has advanced. The stock market in Sanya city has now received $5.98 billion, or +12.16 per cent; the company completed a 51 per cent exemption from the sea in May, and the sea relied on off-island sales and airport repurchases, and the company q2 recovered significantly, with a 5.43 per cent increase in single-quarter revenues.
A 52.9% increase in the ring ratio (including the impact of the Sea Free Company); an increase in the size of the Māori policy in the main business as a result of discounted marketing activities; and a sustained increase in tax exemption from the island. Hainan’s tax-exempt policy was more liberal and contributed to tax-exempt development from the island.
On August 18, the number of duty-free goods sold off the island was more than $5 billion, a 2.5-fold increase. Of this number, 740,000 persons/+70 per cent were shopping; the unit price was over $6,700/+90 per cent; the average daily sale was over $100 million; and the unit price was over $8,000.
At the beginning of the year, Sanya International opened its tax-free city in its second phase: in April, the company opened two tax-free shops in Sanya: Haiguchi International Tax-Free City project was set up in an orderly manner. The company’s tax-exempt expansion will benefit further from the island’s exemption.
In the long run, policies to promote the return of overseas consumption remain consistent, and the advantage of the track remains clear. As our tax-exempt and tax-scaling effect is gradually released, and the city’s inner-market policy continues to grow, the potential of the domestic tax-free market remains high.
Large. The introduction of new players has led to increased competition in the industry, but the strong have always been strong. The firm has a strong pre-emptive advantage, with a market share of nearly 90 per cent, and will give priority to benefiting from the industrial dividend from the return of overseas consumption.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Consider the policy driven by continued rapid growth of tax exemptions in China, which is projected to be a source of financial prosperity in the East (601888). Tax exemptions from the island are rising in reverse, and policies are expected to increase their strength.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China ' s middle-income exemption (601888). Tax exemptions from the island have been rising in reverse, and policies have been accompanied by sustained efforts in the areas of food tourism, tax exemptions and education.
The Hong Kong Unit’s consumption and strategy research experience, which currently covers the social services sector, focuses on educational training, human resources services, restaurants, and travel assistants’ own research views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.