q2 profit recovery, attention to progress in improving the off-island duty-free supply chain - semi-annual assessment of China ' s semi-annual report
New retail + duty-free revenue recovery, profitability recovery, first half of the year benefited from a domestic outbreak recovery, and companies actively responded to the epidemic by introducing a model of off-island tax-free repurchases + member purchases combined with promotional activities, and corporate revenue and profits rebounded.
In the first half of the year, airport duty-free shops achieved revenues of $6.6 billion/3.6 billion/19 billion, an increase of 12.13 per cent/-11 per cent/-58 per cent. At the Māori level, the q2 company ' s Māori ratio fell by 11 pcc/same ratio, and the ring ratio remained almost equal, largely affected by the need to pay taxes and discounts for new retail operations. At the same time, companies based on the precautionary principle.
The unit continued to account for the airport's bottom rent to sales costs in full during the first half of the year, compared with the trend of deep 300, with other payables increasing by nearly $5 billion on a year-on-year basis. But company q2 net profit rate is only a small 0.8 pct decrease, mainly in relation to the company's higher net profit margin in its new retail business.
The net profit rate for the operation as a whole is estimated to be about 20 per cent + similar to the total net profit rate for the former Bay (including wholesale + rent). \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
With the introduction of the Hainan Free New Deal on 1 July, as of 18 August, the amount of free sales on Hainan Island had passed by $5 billion, with an overall unit price increase of 90 to $6757 compared to the pre-New Deal rate and an increase of 17 pct to 29% in passenger shopping conversion rates compared to the previous rate, which has increased at full cost. And, given that the current off-island free shop supply chain has not been improved, we believe that the company will follow suit.
In addition, the scope and intensity of the company’s current promotional discounts on the Shanghai and member purchase lines are increasing, and the follow-up online channels are more time-consuming. The company’s short-term valuations are higher than historical and industry averages, but take into account the liberalization of the off-island tax-exempt policy, as well as the fact that the successor city is exempt.
The tax policy is expected to land, and the industry is still at a high rate of growth, and we believe that the company’s current valuation is expected to absorb the high rate of growth. It is proposed to focus on improvements in the off-island duty-free supply chain, as well as on progress in tax-exempt policies within the city, which are expected to accelerate the company’s tax-exempt operations from the island.
2. China Travel (60888): 618 tax-free discounts Progress on duty-free sales off the island Progress on duty-free sales is lower than expected: within-country tax-free policies are less advanced than expected: the pattern of competition in the industry is deteriorating.
The analysis logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.