q2 q2 has lost its performance, and duty-free off the island has grown in reverse.
The epidemic has affected a significant decline in the airport's tax-free shop base, and a reverse growth in duty-free operations in Hainan Island. Tax-free operations in Sanya have seen a negative growth, with tax-free businesses in Sanya receiving $5,977 million (+12.16 per cent) and companies in the region earning $3,031 million (+136.35 per cent).
The impact of the decline in the flow of incoming passengers, the opening of a tax-free shop in Shanghai, Japan (Pudong Airport + Rainbow Bridge Airport), market data: 0.867 billion yuan (-11.20 per cent) on 28 August 2020, the tax-free shop at Beijing airport (capital airport t2, t3, Da Hing Airport)
Realization of revenues of $1,850 million (-57.61 per cent).
Quarterly long holidays in mid-autumn are expected to contribute to the continued rise in duty-free sales from Hainan Island; the Middle- and Long-Term Free New Deal raises the annual consumption of individuals to $100,000, eliminates the postage tax, expands the sale of goods, helps to raise the price of a passenger unit and absorbs more consumers.
Population consumption needs are not as high as expected risk; exchange rate fluctuations are as high as possible; policy pushers are not as high as expected risk. Research Assistant: Zhang Xiaojun [Samon of the Sanctuary] China Brigade (601888.sh) 2019
Annual Report Review: Increasing and steady tax-exempt operations, further consolidation of industry leadership (2020-4-23)
The semi-annual performance of the company in the 7th floor of the International Centre, San Francisco Securities Co. Ltd., affected the airport's tax-exempt stores by a significant drop in revenue, and tax-exempt operations in Hainan Island grew in reverse.
The decrease is mainly due to the impact of the epidemic during the reporting period, as a result of a significant decline in the number of duty-free shops, which resulted in lower revenues from the sale of goods, higher priority airport channels, and rental machinery. As the domestic epidemic continues to be better controlled, the return of consumption abroad and the promotion of marketing activities have been more intensive, and the second quarter has seen a sharp fall in performance, with a marked increase in revenue from q1.
The Hare Company achieved a revenue of 3,031 million yuan (+136.35 per cent). However, it was affected by the decline in the flow of passengers from and out of the airport in Shanghai, Japan (Poudong Airport + Rainbow Bridge billions (-57.61 per cent). Corporate overall costs were better controlled during the period, a slight increase of 0.57 percentage points over the same period last year.
The overall cost rate of 34.52 per cent is due to an increase in depreciation amortization of assets; the financial cost rate of 0.001 per cent (-0.09 pct) is due to a reduction in duty-free consumers affected by the epidemic, a reduction in card-swimming charges, and a rapid expansion of duty-free operations from the island as a result of the continued spread of the epidemic. The domestic epidemic has been brought under control, but the epidemic is still dangerous internationally.
The South China Tourism Market is warming up, benefiting from the landing of the South China Free Trade Port policy and the re-escalation of the off-island duty-free policy, and the recovery of the South China off-island duty-free market is remarkable.
In Hainan market, the company actively fosters new activities such as duty-free repurchases from the island, focusing on duty-free sales from the island through a variety of goods, discounts, discounts, discounts, coupons, on-line purchases, etc. In January, Sanya International Free City II (Hakushima Project) was officially opened: in April, the company opened two additional intra-city tax-exempt experience shops in Sanya: in May, it completed a 51% equity acquisition of the Sea Free Company.
Well, in the future, the company’s tax-free layout at Hainan Island will be further improved. 2. Investment proposals and profit projections.
Sales continue to rise: the Middle- and Long-Term Free New Deal raises the annual consumption of individuals to $100,000, lifts the postage tax, expands the range of goods sold, especially electronic products, which help raise the price of passenger bills and absorb more consumer groups. The tax-free policy bonus plus, the overseas epidemic has not been effectively controlled, the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, consumer consumption needs are not as high as expected, tax-exempt policies drive the risk of change, exchange rate risks, the overseas epidemic outpace expectations.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.