The company's tax-exempt operations from the island are expected to accelerate.
According to the latest customs data, the duty-free passenger unit price for July, $7897, has exceeded our previous estimate of 7.8k-17k. At the same time, since late July, the unit price has exceeded 10k, and given that the current supply chain has not improved (cell phones, high-end watches, etc.) there is still a shortage of goods, we believe that in the coming q3/q4, the unit price will continue.
At the same time, we expect the shopping conversion rate to be close to 20% in the number of passengers entering and leaving the island (airport + port), compared to 13% in the same period last year. If the current sales status continues until next year, the size of the 21-year duty-free sales off the island or the establishment of a Vuhan-based duty-free shop is expected to continue to increase.
In the near future, China has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Wuhan Development Group, which will set up the sixth city tax-free shop in Wuhan next year.
We expect that, while the future establishment of duty-free stores in the city will be subject to bidding, the off-the-shelf city stores already cover nearly 70% of the country’s internal arrivals and departures, with clear advantages, and that when future policies are liberalized, they will continue to be the biggest beneficiaries of market expansion.
So far, the off-island tax-free back-buyer city has included two major traffic platforms, micro-letters, and treasures, which are important for the subsequent increase in the rate of repurchases. In addition, cdf members are buying through the city’s front-to-door shops, molecular companies, etc.
In the long run, repurchase + member purchase operations can provide a significant market space for a multi-billion-dollar market space for branded imports of electricity across borders.
In addition, considering the progress of the overseas epidemic, it is recommended that the negotiations between the Group and the airport on the rates of rent and deductions be followed in the second half of the year. The “recommended” rating is maintained.
Tax-exempt operations are not moving as fast as expected; the company’s stock is losing as much value as it is expected.
Waiting for the policy dividend to be released on an ongoing basis.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.