The top-down is the country's leading manufacturing industry, with products covering electronics, automobiles, and public access.
In the areas of letters, industry, and medicine, customers are provided with one-stop multi-product core parts, modules, and systems-level products. From the connector, companies continue to promote product creation, technological breakthroughs, and process optimization.
“1” construction risks. From spare parts to whole machine assembly, deep binding of consumer electronic high-quality customers. The company has achieved full coverage of the “part parts module system” in the consumer electronics sector, with deep binding of large customers, with $17.4 billion in 2023 for the company’s first-largest client business, with 75% of the revenue.
>In the age of algorithms, one server does a billion-dollar market size. The big one is now moving rapidly from dry to dry billion and even bigger scale parameters, with a huge amount of calculations.
The next generation of the ai cluster, which is more demanding in terms of high-speed interconnectivity performance, has a deep technological accumulation of products such as electricity connections, light connections, power sources, wind/liquid cold dispersing heat, radio frequency, and is now available in gb200nvl72 single cabinets, with sophisticated telecommunications that can provide products that include electrical connections, light connections, power management, radiation, etc., and solutions worth about 20.9 million yuan, and are expected to reach a total market size of hundreds of billions in the future.
>In keeping with the trends in the car market, build a global driver of automobiles. With the opening of the era of the Road Clouds, the rapid landing of autopilots in and out of the country, and the growing experience of smart cabin entertainment, the interaction of big information has led to high-speed interconnection of smart cars inside and outside the cabin, with single-car electronics and electrical parts rising faster than ever before.
The customer market has laid a good foundation and has entered a fast-disbursing phase; in the overseas market, the company’s acquisition of leoniag and its wholly-owned subsidiaries is expected to be completed in the coming year, and the automobile business is being built at zero-1 abroad.
Mergers and acquisitions: enhancing the competitiveness of end markets Mergers and acquisitions: enhancing the competitiveness of end markets
Products, different markets and products with the same market range from faster expansion of customers and products to less risk of building from "0" to "1" in the globalization landscape.
(b) The acquisition in April 2011 of the UCK electronic equity and the smooth entry into the apple industry chain.
There are three criteria for the choice of a new product: first, it has to be a full functional product, second, it does not apply the ceiling, and third, it has a better pattern of competition. That is, it provides a new platform to work with a group of experts with a professional technical and marketing background.
The old product is constantly changing, and the new product is better than the other side. A research and development team that understands product applications is quickly established, while companies have a stable equity structure in precision manufacturing.
By indirectly holding 18.9% of the shares of listed companies and holding the position of chairman and general manager of the firm. By indirectly holding 18.9% of the shares, Wang won the position of deputy director of the company.
Qualitative talent, developed in a centralized or decentralized manner. At the same time, the company launched the “King of Soldiers” scheme, which provides systematic training for staff in the executive category who appear to be specialized soldiers. In 2015, the company launched its first restricted equity equity scheme with a new equity offer of about 10 million shares, benefiting more than 1,000 core employees. In addition, the company set an assessment target that is above the same level as the industry, based on 2014 performance.
The king will win, the sun will rise, and the sea will rise deep.
If you'll excuse me, I'll have a word with you.
Hong Kong Financial Holdings, Precision Industries, Inc.
Long-term logic: vertical deep-farming, horizontal expansion, vertical deep-farming, horizontal expansion. From the connector point of view, the company continuously promotes product innovation, technological breakthroughs and process optimization, building on high-quality M&As, expanding the size of the original business, up and down the industry chain and creating more possibilities for “new products” and “new customers” expansion.
• From zero components to modules to system assembly. System assembly can be seen as a zero component and module upgrade service, with a two-way boost. For clients, it can challenge the limits of many functional modules; for companies to develop themselves, it can provide more freedom of choice for system-level groups from appearance, space, institutional design, etc.
A robust growth in consumer electronics and a second growth curve in communications/cars Consumption electronic/communication interconnections and precision components/car interconnections and precision components/computer connectors/other connectors, respectively, have achieved full coverage of spare parts module systems in the consumer electronics sector, with deep binding on large customers, the company's top customer industry in 2023
In addition, companies continue to increase their investment in automobiles and telecommunications, overall distribution of industrial chains, with cars and telecommunications accounting for more than 10% of corporate growth in 2023, as a result of the expansion and application of technology in areas such as smartphones, personal computers, wearing electronics, and so on.
Inner projects were strictly controlled and extended to achieve “entropy growth” to “entropy reduction”, with net profit fluctuations in 2021 mainly due to higher prior development and optimization of resource inputs for sophisticated cellular displays of structural module products.
In addition, after experiencing a strong industry/market and consumer demand for products that can be worn with intellectual acoustics, there has been a much larger reversion of products that can be worn with intellectual acoustics. The insider’s project has been strictly controlled, extending to “enultanium growth.”
To “enil” the company’s overall trend is stable, with absolute values ahead of the same industry. From an internal point of view, when selecting a new project, the company strictly looks at the short/medium/long-term level of the project, prefers the long-term stability of the roe water point to drag on the company as a whole in the short term and achieves an increase in business efficiency through the integration of the company’s management, resulting in higher returns to shareholders.
The price volatility of raw materials disturbs the short-term Māori rate, which recovered in 24 years. The combined Māori rate has declined since 2021, mainly as a result of a unilateral rise in global “deficit” prices, bulk raw material prices and logistics transport costs, and a delay in the arrival of new products to a different degree than the delivery time.
The normal cycle properties of the line and some of the older products also put some pressure on the Māori rate. The Māori ratio of 2024h1 has increased over the past three years, with each of the company's plates, each of the break-down areas, and each of the buku\bg setting a phase-by-phase target, almost complete. A breakdown of the business shows that Māori performance has declined in recent years mainly as a result of the growth in the product structure of the module and system assembly ratio; and communications operations were geopoliticized in 2022.
The intellectual transformation, which reduces costs, leads to more efficient management of marketing research costs and lower financial costs. The company uses the intellectual platform from the bottom.
The data captures the middle big data platform to the upper level digitize and can be seen and shown on the one platform. The two main platforms, Industrial Data Network and Industrial Big Data, are based on big data/ai technology.
Means, based on connectivity, to turn data into useful information that ultimately represents value, adds value, becomes financial effectiveness Charts: annual overhead costs and income share (billion yuan/per cent)
Chart: Annual sales costs and revenue as a percentage of income (billions per cent) Smart manufacturing platforms, productivity upgrading  company automation lines are mostly flexible modular, reducing investment in basic structures, and more than 60 per cent of automated facilities can be produced in different products
Automation can be used, for example, as a consumer connector platform for communication connectors, or as a connection automation platform for the production of mini-electrics, turning more general automation into a company’s permanent asset rather than a burden.
Reacting to pre-positioning adjustments through smart manufacturing, whether materials, equipment positioning adjustments or adjustments to front-end modules, as in the case of simulations, allows the research and development team to learn earlier, and the platform does not need to build up models by collecting large amounts of data, but rather adds an abnormal factor to existing production data to enable quick analysis of the problem, which is particularly important for complex products, most of which are not single-point issues, but rather comprehensive questions.
Research and development (R & D) inputs and research and development (R & D) outcomes are on the rise steadily, and companies have adopted a targeted strategy to divide R & D resources into cutting-edge science and technology inputs and product shifts.
Along with scientific and technological inputs, which account for about 30% of the overall R & D costs, the focus is on innovative R & D in such areas as bottom materials, processes, and processes. This input is intended to support medium- and long-term product and business planning in companies, from zero to gradual acquisition of secondary suppliers and opportunities for simultaneous development, and will be leading the global industry in the future.
To form, new products are imported (npi), certified and produced. Chart: annual share of R & D staff and personnel (persons/%) Globalized business layout and overseas capacity increase
▪ Development, marketing, fae (on-site technical support) and smart manufacturing supply systems have been set up in several countries and regions around the world, including front-end design, development, manufacture, testing and marketing of products to provide a full range of products to the world’s leading clients. From the production pattern, one quarter of the company’s output is overseas and three quarters are in the country. The adjustment is expected to increase to 30% of overseas capacity, and the domestic share is expected to decline within five years.
In the process of investing, companies focus more on building flexible platforms in the early stages of product development. Currently, the company’s domestic and external construction is largely complete, capex’s investment peak is over, the company’s input will be combined with the continuation of existing flexible manufacturing platforms, and the overall capex investment will decline, especially in the areas of communications, automobiles and large customer operations in consumer electronics.
From spare parts to whole machine assembly, deep binding of consumer electronic high-quality customers, smartphone market recovery, the opening of ai cellular innovation cycle, influenced by macroeconomy and an increase in inventory at the beginning of the year, global smartphone exports in 2023 were 1.70 billion, a 3.2 per cent decline in the fourth quarter of the year.
This represents an 8.5% increase, with sales reaching 326.1 million, up from 7.3% previously expected. Global smartphone exports in the first three quarters of 2024 – the year 2023, with apples becoming the world’s number one and a market share of 20%.
Chart: Global shipments of smartphones and apple phones (millions) are projected to reach over 50 per cent cell phone penetration in 2028 as technology matures.
Chart: 2024q2 global ai cellular manufacturers ranked 16%, and this number will grow rapidly over the next few years, with apple 24q2 reaching 18 million cell phones and occupying the ai.
51% of the market share of mobile phones. With the increased availability of the appleinelligence service, apples will grow in value in the future and further encourage users through differentiated strategies.
Pro series selected. Chart: 2024q2 Global ranking of aai cellular manufacturer. Chart: Trends in global smartphones, volume of ai mobile phones and their market share (millions)
It is a personal intelligence system that combines the generation model with the user’s personal context to assist users in communicating and completing their work.
What text input places rewrite, proofread and summarize input text, including mail, information, memos, pages scripts and various third-party apps; siri becomes more natural and flexible and more in-depth integration with the system experience; photo apps become more intelligent and more functional. Natural speech searches allow users to search for virtually any content only if they simply enter the description of the search results they need; and the function of prioritymages allows them to search for virtually any content.
The inbox at the end of the application shows the most urgent e-mails in a separate area, in addition to the smartreply feature, which provides users with a quick response to recommendations and also identifies the problems in the mail and ensures that all questions are answered.
Iphone15 pro mac m1andlater
iphone16pus ipidpro macini
I don't know, m1andlater m1andlater ipadair, m1andlater m1andlater ipadair, m1andlater m1andlater ipadair
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, macpro m1andlater m2ultra.
Iphone15 pmax macbookpro m1andlater
As market demand changes, watch classes have gradually become the dominant force of the market, and according to Canalys, the global market for wristbands stabilized at around 44.3 million items in the second quarter of 2024, a 0.2% increase over the same period. During the epidemic, consumer demand for basic health tracking functions such as heart rate, hemooxygen, etc. strongly contributed to the rapid expansion of the market.
After the epidemic, consumers needed more health surveillance than normal heart rates, hemobic monitoring, etc., with more functional basic watches and smart watches gaining market recognition, q2 as of 2024, with basic watches and smart watches occupying more than 80% of the global market for wristband equipment.
In the smart watch area, the share of applewatch continues to be a leader – although 24q2 as a whole has slowed growth in the delivery of wristband equipment, some brands have been active in promoting technological innovation and product change, stimulating consumer demand. Canalys reports that apples can deliver 7.7 million wristband equipment, with a market share of 17.4%, although the volume of delivery has been on the same scale.
After six consecutive quarters of decline, the volume of smart watch shipments rose again by 0.1% in the second quarter of 2024, roughly the same amount as in the same period last year. Apple still dominates this market, with 49% of the world’s smart watch market.
Applications have reached new heights, and this trend is expected to continue in the wearable equipment market. Chart: global brands have access to wristband equipment, shares (in millions) applewatch iterative updates to meet consumer demand
Personal smart audio equipment is out of a low, strong rebound, and in 2024 there was a strong rebound in the global market for personal smart audio equipment q3 with a total volume of nearly 126 million items, a 15% increase over the same period, with a third consecutive quarter of ring up. The market for personal smart audio equipment has been removed from the effects of the 2023 market downturn, resulting in a worldwide increase in universality.
In terms of product categories, the main product groups have achieved a double-digit increase, with the open headphone market being driven by consumer fitness needs, with a significant increase in the third quarter of 2024, when the open headphones accounted for 6 per cent of the overall market, but the same rate almost tripled. Chart: global personal audio equipment output (by region)
In addition to the development of i cell phones, pc, the rise of large cloud-based models will benefit from the development of iii, with q3 worldwide in 2024, with apples (including beats) dropping by 9.2 per cent on the same scale.
▪ Global sales of tws real wireless headphones in the third quarter of this year were 92.3 million, an increase of 15.5% compared to the previous quarter, and the industry remained more dynamic. According to Canalys, the share of apples (including beats) in q3tws headphones reached 21.4%, and among the top five manufacturers in the global market, it was a cliff-breaker.
The new airpodspro, driven by a completely new H2 chip, unlocks breakthrough audio performance, significantly upgrades the active noise reduction and cipher mode, and brings users in a unique way a more accessible space audio experience, with future sales expected to rise to a new level. Chart: 24q3 global personal smart audio equipment delivery (millions)
Chart: 24q3 global tws delivery (in millions) mr hardware and software upgrades to open the space computing age vr is a purely virtual digital image, and an ar virtual digital image with a naked reality mr is a digital reality plus a virtual digital image. Conceptually, it's a virtual digital image.
In other words, mr is closer to the ar, which is half-real, half-virtual, but traditional ar technologies use prism to reflect real images, with a less-than-vr perspective, and with a less-defined perspective. Smart hardware eventually moves from the ar to the mr technology, mr shows the consumer a reality that is not visible to the naked eye through a camera, and it just folds the virtual environment, regardless of the reality itself.
According to idc, global ar/vr volumes are projected to grow from 6.7 million in 2024 to 22.9 million in 2028, with a compound annual growth rate of 36.3 per cent, with a combined pull-mr equipment growth of ar and vr expected to be market power in 2028, with a share of more than 70 per cent. At the same time, er equipment with a simple flat-vision display or content mirror function will account for more than a quarter of the market share.
In the third quarter of 2024, the global flat-plate market produced 39.6 million units, an increase of 20.4 per cent compared to the previous year, stimulating consumer demand for replacements as the technology of the one became integrated into the flat-plate computer.
It is hoped that this will lead to an increase in average market prices. 24q3 output was 12.6 million, an increase of 1.4 per cent over the previous year, and a market share of 31.7 per cent. The “back to school season” campaign, which began in July, facilitated the sale of ipadair.
Chart: 24q2 major manufacturers in the global flat-plate market (in millions of units) from spare parts to machine assembly, deep binding of high-quality customers, forward-looking layout field, meeting customer needs
Development based on smt, extending into the field of sip. Airpods have dozens of modules and hundreds of components, more sophisticated, complex module integration, and the question of good rates is crucial. To achieve miniaturization and thinning of the equipment, there are two main technical options: system monolithic soc, and system-compatible sip, which is an important path to realization beyond Moore's law, with a short and more functional development cycle.
The company began to develop from the smt base, extending into the area of sip to meet the needs of downstream customers. In 2016, the company acquired Sioux ' s shareholdings, officially across the border, through the Union of Kunshan.
▪ In 2017, the company was able to move up to one step in its performance by using sophisticated and hard technology to boost its product performance and gain an apple-airpods wage scale.
In the second half of 2022, 69% of the world’s smart watches were produced by odm/ems and, as the dominance of odm and ems in the chain of smart watch industries increased, the penetration rate of the odm/ems model in 2025 is expected to rise gradually to 80%. As a result of taking on about 40% of the orders from the applewatch, in the second half of 2022, tactile is ranked first among the outsourcing manufacturers.
In recent years, the population’s interest in health tracking functions has increased, and smart watch firms have introduced ai technology, giving smart watches a strong capacity for data processing and analysis, and playing a greater role in health monitoring, motion guidance, information exchange, etc. The value of driving products has increased as smart watches become more functional.
Chart: Apple watchserves6 Dismantling, completing the puzzle of mobile surrogates, enhancing vertical integration, acquiring investments and new investments in latitudes, and moving into iPhone surrogates.
The acquisition framework agreement was signed by smartco.,ltd., which is intended to co-finance, with a limited number of communications, a cash acquisition of 100% of the full-scale investment in and the newly acquired shares of the wholly-owned subsidiaries directly or indirectly controlled by Win, into the iPhone replacement business.
In addition, the company’s operations have covered core zero components such as antennas, acoustics, tapticengine, vcmm motors, wireless chargers, connectors, optical (archives), which have since been fully vertically integrated at three levels: entire machines, large components, and zero components.
Completing cellular surrogates puzzles, enhancing vertical integration, sole agent VISIONPro, assembles up to $130, embraces the time of ari servers for a billion market size.
Cloud computing goes into the age of intelligence, the need for arithmetic needs rises, and data centres are moving from the age of cloud computing to the age of intelligence.
Auto-reorganization of useful information.  In accordance with the needs of the ii application, the i server can be divided into two types of training and reasoning, in which the training server requires significant computing funds.
Relatively low demand for arithmetic.  According to Courtpoint, global server market value reached $45,422 million in the second quarter of 2024, a 35 per cent increase over the same period.
▪ In the digital economy age, the data centre is the core infrastructure platform, and all cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence applications require data centres for safety, stability, reliable base support and additional development opportunities for server manufacturers. Server odm operations are divided into two main categories, the first being the provision of generic servers for server brand manufacturers and the second being the cloud computing system collection.
• The share of odm direct sales in market competitive patterns is 44%. odm (the original design manufacturer) provides custom servers directly to downstream Internet, communications, cloud computing services, etc., without passing through brand manufacturers. Typical client groups include Microsoft, Amazon, Google and Meta.
Model servers allow customers to expand and configure flexibly to meet their own needs to meet growing user needs. Cloud computing moves to an age of intelligence, with higher demand for arithmetic, a dynamic market for data elements and a rapid increase in the volume of arithmetic.
The rack (a standard machine with 25 kW capacity) grew by 24.2% compared to the end of 2022, with a total capacity of over 230 elaps (fp32) and ranked second in the world. The size of the capacity reached about 1,200 eb, with an advanced storage capacity of over 25%.
The accelerated penetration of industries, such as entertainment, from the general field to the specific scenes of the professional lead city, and the new development opportunities offered by the arithmetic industry for the applications of various industries.According to the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Research, by the end of 2023, the main applications of the arithmetic sector were in the Internet, enterprises, government, finance, etc., accounting for 46.3 per cent, 21.3 per cent, 11.3 per cent and 7.8 per cent, respectively, of which the Internet was broken down into public clouds, websites, videos, ai, video games, video games, video games, etc.
In the areas of payments, the ratio was 16.2 per cent, 3.5 per cent, 7.4 per cent, 3.3 per cent and 4.8 per cent respectively.
▪ Connectors are widely used in communications, automobiles, consumer electronics, industry, traffic, defence, etc. The most important applications are communications and automobiles, compared to downstream applications. In 2023, Global Connector Lines
The market size of the industry has reached US$90 billion, China’s connectionr industry has reached US$20.57 billion, and it is expected that in 2024, China’s connector industry will become the world’s top ten connector manufacturers, starting in 2015.
The world was ranked fourth in 2021, with a market share of 5.1 per cent. Chart: Market size of the Global Connector Industry 2018-2024 (US$ billion) Market size of the China Connector Industry 2018-2024 (US$ billion)
The technology accumulates deep, and the 224g high-speed connector is developing the integrity of the signal during its high-speed transmission. Precise telecommunications can provide the data and communication high-speed interconnection industry with the full range of solutions, end-to-end solutions. On the side of the chip, on the side of the chip, on the side of the chip, on the side of the chip, on the side of the chip, on the side of the chip, on the side of the chip, on the side of the chip, and on the other side of the cabinet.
At present, the company ' s high-speed connector product meets 112gbps, 224g high-speed connector products, and preliminary sample-si test data have been completed and the details optimized. The company, together with head chip manufacturers, is working forward to develop 800g, 1.6t for global mainstream data centres and cloud service providers.
The next generation of high-speed connectivity standards, some of which are broken down by products such as cable and connector components, backboard connectors and backboard cables, have earned client approval for leading technology, cost advantages and excellent product performance.
Qsfp1122x1connector osfp1x1connector
Intrepid backboard connector, 2.0 mm space hyperdensity, 360 degrees full shield interface meets qsfpmsa, 0.6 mm distance footprint to provide a better OSfp112g interconnection system with 0.60 mm spacing connectors dedicated to high-speed
Designed, hidden contact point design, good guidance protection to ensure interdependency, si performance, with each port containing four 112gb/s electrical interfaces, designed to support serial applications. Each port contains eight 112gb/s electrical interfaces, which can
Total bandwidth to include parallel panels, backboard connectors, face-to-face connectors, orthopaedics, buttons, etc. 400gb/s Total bandwidth to support up to 800gb/s
Different forms. Performance meets the wide market space for 112gbps high-speed cable, aecs, dacs, and gradually taking their share.
Copper wires (and aecs) grew at a combined annual rate of 15%, 25%, and 45%, respectively.  For the one cluster, power minimization is important, and dacs do not need electricity, which is the default solution to the data centre’s connection to increase power efficiency.
The advantage of active cables (aecs) is that they are longer and lighter than dacs, and will gradually capture the market share of the source cables (aocs) and the unsourced copper lines (dacs).
The high-quality copper cable products, all of which are self-produced, have guaranteed the stability and clarity of signals during high-speed transmission in the ai population, according to the complex cabling environment of the centre, thus significantly increasing the reliability of data transmission in the data centre, based on the optamaxTM technology, and the company has successfully developed 112g/224gpam4dac and “light-source” copper cable products, which are in line with industry msa.
The standard, which allows the delivery speed up to 112/224 gbps per channel, provides the system with a single port 800 gbps, or even 1.6 tbps, of a two-way aggregate data throughput, not only meets the growing high-speed communication needs of the data centres, but also provides a solid technical guarantee for large-scale applications of the more arithmetic chip in the global computing cluster.
A step-by-step extension of 5 metres to meet the need for the expansion of copper cable applications in and between data centre cabinets.
Acquisition of technology to improve the operation of interconnected products. This technology brings together the production and supply of a variety of copper cables and fibre-optic cable components, digital wire products, therapeutic products and servers, and the use of products such as telecommunications, data centres, industrial equipment, medical equipment, car distributions, digital wires and service servers, which are more complementary to some of the well-established operations.
Corporate acquisition brought together technology, which, as of 30 June 2024, had a combined share of 70.95% of the technology. In the server area, in coordination with the original business, revenues grew at a high rate. In 2023, technology expanded server operations were brought together for in-depth customization based on the needs of brand clients. The products provided were mainly used in data centres, including rack-based computing servers, peripheral servers, i-intelligent servers, etc.
Storage of servers, smart web cards, gpucards and machine cabinets, etc., which have a upstream/downstream relationship with the original cable business, has resulted in the integration of existing cable products into a larger client portfolio. In 2023, the convergence of technology generated business income of $5.051 billion, an increase of 61 per cent, a net profit of 188 million light module demand continued to grow, and the Silicon Light programme was one of the major developments.
ai pulls on server demand, with simultaneous growth in light module demand. The light module is an important component of fibre-optic communication, is a optical electronic device to achieve optical signal transmission. The rapid development of the PV and PV function in the PV is leading to an increase in server demand and an increase in the demand for the pull-light module. The global light module market is projected to grow at a 16% annual compound growth rate over the next five years, surpassing 22 billion in 2028.
The high degree of integration of silicon light solutions is one of the key directions for the future development of the light module. Lightcounting expects that the market share of gaas and inp-based transceivers will decline gradually, while the share of sip and tflnpic will rise. The introduction of lpo and cpo will also contribute to the market share of sip and even tfln. The light communication industry is already at a turning point in the application of silicon light technology on the scale of sip, and the sales of silicon photo chips will be from 2023.
Eight billion dollars went up to over $3 billion in 2029. Silicon light penetration will reach 48 per cent by 2028 in the high-speed-to-light module market over 400g, and the market space corresponding to the silicon module is expected to be $8 billion.
Chart: Global market size of silicon module 2016-2025 (millions of United States dollars) ai drives high-calculable transmission needs, 800g new product cycle opens up multi-source solutions, and promotes downstream client programs. A variety of scenarios have been developed, mainly for data centres and the i cluster, like a co-encapsatted optical setup.
In the area of co-encapable optical (cpo) products, companies actively promote cpo's domestic commerce and are also actively involved in the development of many projects in North American clients; and in the field of pcie/usb-c, they are also actively expanding the application of the cpo to promote the location of key customer programmes.
Iro Silicon Light, which follows the traditional dsp solution at the launch end, and the receiving end, which eliminates the dsp and adopts the same linear linear as the lpo. This innovative mix of programs addresses the prevailing concerns about port consistency and interoperability in the current ipo application, while saving power, reducing costs, and providing end-to-end support for the next generation of artificial intelligence, data centres, high performance computing and storage, cloud computing, etc.
800gosfsiphdr8lro Silicon Light (tdecq = 1.05) Chart: 800gosfpsiphdr8lro Silicon Light Module
The large-scale model of ai continues to develop, with an average power of 25 kw projected for the global data centre single cabinets in 2025. According to Colocationamérica, the average capacity of the global data centre single cabinets in 2020 will reach 16.5 kw, an increase of 175 per cent compared to 2008, with a rapid increase in the penetration of high-capacity single cabinets as data centre computing improves, with an average capacity of 25 kw projected for the global data centre single cabinets in 2025.
Arithmetic growth has caused heat evaporation problems, with liquid cooling becoming the dominant trend. Data centre infrastructure cools mainly in the form of wind and liquid colds, which have developed earlier and are more technologically mature, and in the form of new methods that have been generated in recent years as a result of the increased demand for evaporation in data centres, namely, the use of liquids to replace air as refrigerants, the exchange of heat for heat components, and the removal of heat from the heat. Energy consumption and heat evaporation problems caused by the growth of power.
It has become increasingly evident that traditional wind-cold evaporation is no longer sufficient to meet the evaporation requirements of the data centres, and in the context of the double carbon policy, from wind-cold evaporation to liquid evaporation. Chart: Global data centre single-cell power forecast (kw) is ahead of the liquid cold evaporation technology, entering offshore client platforms.
In 2022, telecommunications technology officially entered the field of thermal management, covering a full range of heat radiation solutions such as fans, heat pipes, vc, water cooling, liquid cooling, cdu and container temperature control, successfully entered the Intel Platform in the same year, as a major partner. Companies continue to generate value for customers from three dimensions: 1 for industry-standardized products (e.g., x86 platforms), for company matching.
Design standards for products and fine-tuning are introduced in conjunction with clients. 2. For high-standard clients in the industry, companies collaborate with clients in custom-made research and development and manufacturing. 3. For most other customers, companies launch tactile standards and product design proposals with sophisticated manufacturing platforms, using flexible manufacturing capabilities.
The technology continues to evolve and improve heat evaporation efficiency. The new generation of mono-heat-impregnated cold technologies, developed in conjunction with Sino-Engine communications, achieves a rapid and even transfer of heat by fully immersing server hardware into specially designed non-guided liquids; this direct heat exchange represents a significant increase in heat evaporation efficiency and a reduction in system energy consumption compared to conventional wind-cooling systems.
In the deep embrace of the computing age, the scale of the target market is 1.8 tb/s, which is 14 times the bandwidth of the pcie. The fifth generation of nvlink is unprecedented in its computing and communication capabilities over the first generation of 160 gb/s gb200nvl72 launched in 2014, making it possible to reach major challenges in the ai and hpc fields.
Nvl72 can provide four-fold training performance for large language models such as gpt-moe-1.8t; at the end of the reasoning, gb200 introduces advanced functions and second-generation transformer engines, which can accelerate the load of llm reasoning work. It increases the speed of resource-intensive applications (e.g. 1.8t parameter gpt-moe) 30 times faster than the previous generation H100.
• In gb200nvl72 single cabinets, sophisticated telecommunications can provide products that include electrical connection, light connection, power management, heat radiation, etc., with a solution value of about $2.09 million, the total market size is expected to reach hundreds of billions.
Many players move across new sources of energy, supply chains are opening up, and many players move across new sources of energy, and supply chains are opening up. New energy car players are accompanying a growing number of traditional mainframes and consumer electronic end-use brands.
Into the new energy cars, the pattern of the relatively closed supply chain is undergoing a major evolution, with the new supply chain summed up into three chains: electrodynamic, intelligent, and networked supply chains.
Taking full advantage of the rapid and iterative capacity, cost-control capabilities accumulated over many years in the field of consumer electronics and communications, to rapidly achieve cross-border empowerment of products related to the automobile industry, and based on domestic and foreign hosting and auto branding customers
A deep strategic partnership.
The cable connector, which electrified the mini-mechanical sub-systems inside and outside cars, developed into the auto industry and actively pursued an endogenous and expansive development strategy. In 2012 and 2013, the company made a very good breakthrough on complex precision structures, making it a supplier of Europe and America’s top Tier1.
The success, breakthrough and accumulation of the wires have led to the expansion of the company’s other Tier1 products, as well as the provision of smart cabins, smart driving, etc., to product lines from 2018 to 2022, where smart electric cars started and gradually started. In 2018, the company’s controlling shareholders acquired the German company bcs under the flag of Ceefu, which quickly helped the company to expand its customers and products. In 2022, the company’s controlling shareholders entered Chirry, while the company opened with Chirí.
Deep collaboration has led to a growing interest in the company and value recognition and discovery by a growing number of clients. In 2023, sophisticated communications were put together with a multi-billion dollar package. In 2024, the acquisition of shares in leoniag and its wholly-owned subsidiaries advanced the process of globalization of the company's automobile business, and the upgrading of the company's carlines.
Electrification trends, the increase in the value of single-line beams, the growth of car electrification, and the higher demand for interior beams. The rapid development of the auto industry, which has created a higher demand for complex beams supporting these technologies, their length and transmission efficiency, are key links to power response, energy consumption, battery renewal, etc., which ensure transmission.
The full-car telecommunications number and the provision of whole-car power also ensure the reliability of the connection to the circuit, as in the case of human “neural and blood vessels.” The length of wire beams is reduced, but the value of single-line beams is increased. The usual household-type beams are about 3,000 metres, and the traditional distributed-structured-type wires are as high as 5,000 metres. As automobile intelligence evolves, the domain control structure gradually replaces the traditional distributed electronic electrical structure, the domain control structure.
The length of smart wire beams has been reduced to about 2,000 metres, but the amount of high-pressure wire beams has increased considerably. According to the data from the Webwire, the value of new-energy vehicles is on average around $5,000, with high-pressure wire beam systems worth about 2,500 dollars per vehicle, and traditional wire beams over 2,500 dollars.
Figure: New energy car beams increased in volume (in dollar terms) Chart: Intra-vehicle beams The car connectors continue to be new, and the market is expected to reach $19.5 billion for 25 years, 45 cents in post security
The new energy car connector focuses mainly on electrical features such as high voltage, big currents, resistance to interference, and requires good mechanical performance in vibration work environments such as long-lived machinery and vibration shocks, with higher requirements for product design. Auto-connector manufacturers conduct technical research on hypervoltage chargers, system high-level modularization, liquid cooling, multiple scenarios for power exchange, low-cost connection technology, high-pressure connections, etc.
As the penetration of the new energy car market accelerates, it has contributed to the accumulation, evolution and demand for car connection products. As the new generation of mobile communication technologies develops, cars are expected to enter a full intelligent driving phase.
The application of electronic car systems will be further expanded, and the market demand and performance requirements for products such as connectors will be further increased. The global market space for car connectors is expected to reach $19.5 billion in 2025.
Leni is a global head provider of electricity, fibre optics, cables and cable system solutions, with mature operators in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas and Asia, with stable partnerships with mainstream global clients, especially the European mainframe, for more than 30 years, and highly recognized on-line by clients in R & D and global manufacturing layouts. Owing to a lack of sustained financial support and client concerns about Lenny’s financial situation, Lenny has been in the forefront of the business.
The Lenny Group’s main client groups are car manufacturers and their suppliers, with automobile revenues accounting for about 94% (84% in the previous year) in 2022, and the top five clients, with revenues of about 2.3 billion euros (45%) (41% in the previous five), with wire beam systems covering small to luxury high ends.
A full series of vehicle-type products, products in the cable solution sector, including various types of cable and cable components, and client groups covering manufacturers of cable systems operating globally, as well as other vehicle parts and components suppliers (including Tier 1 and Tier2) that joined after asset stripping in 2022.
The company’s main operator is lonik, the owner of wsd.
The main entity to operate is the other fully-owned company of leoniag, lonibordnetze-system (hereinafter “leonib”). A sophisticated plan is to acquire 50.1% of the shares of leoniag (hereinafter “Lenny”) and 100% of the shares of the fully-owned company leonikabel gmbh (hereinafter “leonik”).
In addition, the acquisition was a stand-by car operation that built zero-one overseas, taking advantage of the window period of overseas business expansion to build a mature and stable platform. The cost was reduced by a build-up of vehicles, and the smart cabin assembly rate raised spaceable securities.
Intelligent pods build new human interactions in the context of intelligent excursions. The rapid development of the intelligent car industry has led to an increase in the need for intelligent coaches, which rely on smart interactive systems, smart display hardware, smart domain control hardware, smart computing solutions, re-engineering of travel experiences to meet the needs of users for their personal characteristics in the vehicle scene, and to provide user safety and comfort and ease of travel.
With the growing support of national policies and the maturing of relevant technologies, our smart cars have entered the fast-growing path, with a growing awareness of the importance of smart cabins, which are gradually becoming a vehicle-based model, with 10-750,000 vehicle-type smart cabins now equipped.
More than 50 per cent, with an assembly rate of 42.9 per cent to 37.5 per cent for 750,000 to more than 1 million, and 25.4 per cent for less than 100,000 cars, with further reductions in the cost of smart accommodations and the replacement of the old ones, the rate of smart accommodations can be raised in time.
Early deployment of smart cabins, cost control, process control, and quality performance is recognized by the client. The company’s product layout for smart cabins covers two major categories of smart cabin and body control domain products, including smart cabins, ar-optics and visual processing.
Domain control, nationalized smart seating platform, high-speed high-end vehicle platform, with a product of 8155 cabin controllers in new energy sources and traditional car factories, a bulk-use model, and planning for the company’s next generation of central high-calculus platform are under way. Arhud’s folding backlight design case is far ahead of the country.
In part, the company currently owns type w-hud, arhud, double-storey arhud, etc., which, based on its original optical, thermal, and electro-technical capabilities, saves a lot of development cycles and workloads in each development. The company’s folding backlight design case for small size arhud is far ahead of the country, with products of the same type abroad but much larger than the company’s existing design.
Chart: Pre-controlled products of the company ' s cabin with high speed of 8155,8295 for soc ' s smart space controller with high speed of soc+tda4 to achieve less than 12 driving aids and intelligence
Lcos (digital arhud autopilot commercialization policy) is on the rise and intelligence is on the rise.
In January 2024, the Ministry of Industry and Informationization, the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of Natural Resources, the Ministry of Housing and Urban and Rural Development, and the Ministry of Transport and Communications jointly issued a circular on the implementation of a pilot project for the use of the Smart Networked Motor Vehicle “Road Clouds - Physicalization” to promote the industrialization of the Smart Networked Motors; in June, the Ministry of Industry and Informationization and the Ministry of Public Security issued a circular identifying the first nine drivers in the country.
A consortium of producing firms and nine user entities will launch smart network motor vehicle access and access test sites in seven cities, including Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, and, as the pilot work is well organized, will promote the functionality, performance enhancement and eco-efficiency of smart network automobile products and promote high-quality development of the domestic smart network automobile industry.
In 2023, we reached 47.3 per cent of passenger vehicle penetration on board an aided vehicle; in the first half of 2024, the penetration rate rose to 55.7 per cent, with 11 per cent of new vehicle penetration with pilot-assisted driving. As the intellectualization of the automobile industry advanced, the penetration rate of car intelligence and network connectivity continued to increase, and China ' s overall automatic driving market was expected to break by 120 billion yuan in 2029.
Intelligent hardware is now supplied primarily, and in the future software algorithms are on the increase for four years. The smart driver's base system of 1/2 and the elevate system of 12+, the company's millimetre wave radar at long distances, the smart one machine, the lar+adas controller are now in production, and the long-range radar is fully capable of responding to the international standard in terms of accuracy and measurement of distance.
Lead levels; high performance short-range radars can detect distances of 110 to 120 metres; other short-range radars may see only 70 metres; moreover, there is no significant difference in cost; the computational units of the medium-calculation are able to achieve the function of a car with a car and a parking function, and are well-suited to different perception systems, with an advantage in materiality and performance.
▪ Future software algorithm collection is a trend toward expansion. For high-level systems, companies can use one or more high-calculation platforms flexibly, soc, can support 100 to 500 tops, including system architecture, rationale development, simulation testing, etc., and companies have well-established partners in the field of upper-level software and algorithms; in the products of the Car Cloud System, companies can provide not only computing units for the end of the vehicle, but also units for the end of the vehicle.
Accompanied cloud and data closed loops are highly recognized by the mainframe plant. Chart: some of the company's smart driving products lrr 3.0 imaging millimetre wave radar
J3-line moored one-area controllers j2-intelligent pre-vision one-size-fits-all, imaging radar products using a two-segregation program, capable of exceeding
A low-cost one-stop shop solution based on horizon j3soc, a low-cost smart front-viewer based on horizon j2soc, 300 metres forward target test, by 30 degrees longitudinal fov up.
Case, capable of supporting the sensor structure of 5r6v12u to achieve the ability to detect and distinguish vertical targets based on the visualally class 1-2 aas function
L2+adas and the integration of automatic parking functions Joint venture with car manufacturers to rapidly develop the Tier 1 operation with sophisticated and Chirre holdings, Chiré shares, Chirí new energy sign-up of the Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement, with 30% of the company's funding and 70% of Chirí's funding.
Co-organizing a joint venture. The company has developed an in-depth integration of the technological base of Chiré’s entire car with the core parts of the Odm industry, which have been developed for many years. The future target business will be the business of foreign traditional brand companies and the domestic brand of new smartev.
Parts and Components Limited (45%) and Guangzhou (10%) shareholding, covering the development and manufacture of core parts and components of the Smart Networked Motors, and the development of technological and applied innovations in intellectual association in the car industry. On 16 September 2023, a project for the production of technologically intelligent driving systems began, with production expected to be achieved in 2024, at a value of about $10 billion.
Consumer electronics: In the consumer electronics field, companies have achieved full coverage of the “part parts module system” and deep binding of large customers. With the rapid overlap and efficient compression of the i-model, and the evolution of the global consumer electronic market from cloud to end, the more mobile terminals such as mobile phones, pc, pad and so on, the more the end-of-side of the industry recovery cycle, the demand of the market has been absorbed.
On the basis of a step-by-step activation of the terminal market, with a double price increase, and the company's overall market share still having room for improvement, we assume that the business is connected to telecommunications products and sophisticated components: the company's strategy is to develop multiple parts plus system-level products in both directions, with deep technological accumulation in such products as electrical connection, light connection, power supply, wind/liquid heat, radio frequency, etc., and currently in the gb200nvl72 counter, set-ups can provide interconnection, etc.
Products such as light connection, power supply management, heat radiation, etc., worth approximately $2.09 million, with future exposure to the total market, expected to reach $100 billion.  Automobile interconnectivity products and sophisticated components: during the new quadrupling of cars, firm interior and outer product lines, integrated coverage beams, connectors, smart pods, intelligent driving, etc. Automobile industries are close-to-the-art, and companies now have multiple manufacturing bases, both inside and outside the country.
On the basis of this, we assume that the growth rate of the operation in 2024/2025/2026 will be one of international trade fluctuations;
▪ Risk of leaking core technology;
Thank you for your trust and support! The data used in the present report are based on information that we believe is now publicly available and that, through independent judgement and conclusions, is independent, objective and fair and the conclusions of the report are not based on the original.