The pace of profit growth and business transformations slowed down The three-quarterly report earnings of Peace Bank grew 8.1 per cent over the same period, slowing down the rate of growth and falling revenues by 7.7 per cent over the same period, which increased considerably.
In the external macro-environment, pressure on the quality of the industry’s retail assets as a whole has risen, and companies, as national economic equity companies, have also been exposed to external environmental impacts. Companies have been continuously restructured and strategically transformed over the past year, actively responding to changes in the external environment, reducing retail risk preferences and increasing the share of public investment.
The rate of profit growth has slowed, business transformation has continued to be generally stable, public retailing strategies have been actively advanced, and indicators of income, profitability and asset quality need not be overly pessimisticly interpreted. The company now maintains a relatively low valuation at this stage of 2023 pb0.50x.
The company ' s net return profit in the first three quarters grew by 8.1 per cent over the same period, decreasing by 6.8 percentage points at the end of the six-month period, falling by 7.7 per cent over the same period, and the profit contribution was mainly due to the provision of the company ' s total assets at the end of the three quarters.
Proactive response to changes in the macro-environment, continuous adjustment of retail and public strategy 2.1 per cent decline in single-season interest income in the third quarter of the year, with interest income on retail loans declining 8.6 per cent decrease in the same year, 5.7 percentage points increase at the end of the six-month period, and interest income on retail loans having been below four consecutive quarterly round-ups
At the end of the third quarter, the growth rate of loans of all types slowed down, and retail credit increased by an average of three months per day (million yuan).
The increase in revenue from wealth management operations led to an increase in fees and fees in China ' s Safeguard Insurance Group, Inc. The increase is mainly due to the dynamism of wealth management operations, which increased in the previous three quarters.
There was a slight increase in asset quality, with non-privileged counter-feeding earnings 1.04 per cent at the end of the three-quarters, an increase of 1 bp over the previous quarter, and an increase of 0.7 per cent in the negative ring. Concern was expressed that the loan was 1.77 per cent and the ring was 3 bp over the previous quarter.
Retail positioning of high-yield credit assets by companies, in the current macro-environment, is relatively high-yield positioning, asset quality is generally stable, and disclosure data are fairly priced for risk. Continued attention is being paid to future changes in the quality of the assets of the Public Administration.
Based on the slowdown in the company's three-quarterly performance and the increase in revenue, we adjust the company's profit forecast, and Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Banks: share-based banks: Safe Bank ' s net return profit increased by 8.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of 2023, net interest income decreased by 6.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, fee income increased by 2.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, other non-interest income decreased by 28.0 per cent, operating income decreased by 7.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and total assets grew by 3.7 per cent in the third quarter as compared to the beginning of the year.
The three-quarterly report by the Bank of Peace increased profits by 8.1 per cent over the same period, the rate of profit growth declined at the end of the six-month period, falling by 37bp to 13.15 per cent over the previous three quarters of the marketing period, and corporate capital pressures were slightly reduced, with core-level capital adequacy rates of 9.23 per cent, an increase of 42bp over the same period. The pressure for profit growth came mainly from the end of the income base, with contributions still coming mainly from the provision. The previous three quarter harvests fell by 7.7 per cent over the same period and the previous quarter by 15.6 per cent over the same period.
Interest differentials continue to be the main pressure for declining interest income, marginally looking at the cost of indebtedness, and lower asset end-of-end rates of return, especially retail credit. Three quarters of fee revenue rises just the same, and investment-type income is still affected by markets such as foreign exchange. Corporate asset quality margins have risen, with poor quality, concern, and overdue indicators.
In the external macro-environment, overall pressure on the quality of retail assets in the industry has risen, and companies, as national shareholders, have also been exposed to external environmental impacts. Companies have been continuously restructured and strategically transformed over the past year to respond positively to changes in the external environment, reducing retail risk preferences and increasing the share of public investment.
A slightly more positive move, with income, profitability and asset quality indicators need not be overly pessimistic.1 The profit rate has slowed and capital power has risen.1 per cent in the first three quarters of 2023, compared to 8.1 per cent in the first quarter of 2023 and 6.8 percentage points lower than at the end of the six-month period.
The rate of growth shifted from positive to negative, with a 2.2 per cent decline in the same year, while the profit rate slowed down by roae by 37bp to 13.15 per cent in the same year. Corporate interest and non-interest income for the first three quarters of the core capital stock grew negative, and the provision decreased continuously in its continuing contribution to profitability.
At the end of the quarter, the total assets of the company grew by 6.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, down 1.5 percentage points from the end of the six-month period, with loans growing by 3.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis and by 2.9 percentage points on a half-year-on-year basis. By category, public (non-paper) and retail loans grew by 7.9 per cent and 2.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the discounts decreased by 2.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In retail credit, mortgages increased by 4.1 per cent over the year, mortgages increased by 25.3 per cent over the year, credit cards, new loans and car finance loans all showed negative growth, retail assets were more economically sensitive, and companies had earlier taken the initiative to reduce the share of such retail assets by 59.8 per cent at the end of the third quarter, a decline of 0.29 percentage points over the medium term.
At the end of the three-quarters, interest-bearing assets of companies grew by 5.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, by average balance, and by the end of the three-quarters interest-bearing assets increased slightly on a year-on-year basis, mainly by 11.0 per cent on a single-season rounder. Retail deposits grew better than parity. At the end of the period, corporate deposits grew by 6.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with an increase of 2.2 percentage points compared to the end of the six-month period.
According to the announced average balance, deposits increased by 8.5 per cent over the year, with 5.8 per cent for public term deposits over the year, 1.9 percentage points more than at the end of the second quarter, putting a slight strain on the increase in deposits. By round, the average one-quarter balance ratio rose by 1.8 percentage points over the third quarter, zero, the downward pressure on interest differentials persisted, and retail lending returns remained higher during the third quarter.
The impact of net interest income continued, with 11 bp cost increases. Interest differentials decreased by 53 bp to 3.34 per cent, deposit costs increased by 13 bp, loan returns dropped by 40 bp, and asset-end credit was the main pressure.
The decline in the return on retail loans, together with the pressure on their size, has combined to affect interest income levels. 4 – fee-for-service income has risen by the same amount, and investment-type income is still subject to market influence.
A decrease of 0.7 percentage points to 3.8 per cent in the company ' s wealth management business, with $5.636 billion in revenue from wealth management fees achieved in the previous three quarters, which shows a slight decline in retail underperformance for public goods. By the end of the three quarters, companies increased their public goods rate by 0.61 per cent, and the ring increased by 7 bp, of which 1.47 per cent were public real estate loans, up 46 bp from the end of the six months; retail sales by 1.33 per cent, a decline of 2 bp, car finance, car finance, etc.
The credit card negative ring ratio has declined, and mortgages and mortgages, new loans and other operating consumer loans have risen. Corporate retailing of high-yield credit assets, in the current macro-environment, is relatively high-yielding, asset quality is generally stable, disclosure data is windy, risk pricing is smooth, and there is constant attention to future changes in the asset quality of the company.
(b) The business balance of the Local Government Finance Platform increased at the end of the six-month period, but the overall share remained small and the risks were manageable.