On 24 October, the Bank published its third quarterly report, 2023, which enabled the first three quarters of the year to be collected, set aside, and the Bank began its full transition to retail banking, starting in 2016.
To create smart retail banks, to push the banks of fine companies forward, to create a growth rate that is commensurate with expectations, and to maintain a positive growth in net profits.
End-of-income: Non-interest income performance has increased in the first half of the year as a result of a three-quarter slowdown in the delivery of industry credit, the persistence of narrow interest differentials and, at the same time, the relatively large personal customer base, strong brand influence, broad and weak capital market performance
The distribution network and a well-developed system of integrated financial products provide for a full-scale retail transformation and the creation of leading intelligent retail banks. The 3023 Peace Bank achieved a revenue of 127.630 billion, compared to 7.7 per cent, an increase of 1 h23 by 4 pct.
Strong core competitiveness support, specifically: 1 net interest income: the decrease was larger than in the first half of the year. Other non-interest income declined as a result of the recovery of the q3 credit scale.
In this context, there has been an increase in the willingness of the population to manage their finances and insurance and an improvement in the revenue from the related fees. In the previous three quarters, the Bank of Peace achieved a net revenue of $22.95 billion, or +2.5 per cent, of the charges; among them, wealth, management fees, $5.63 billion, or 10.4 per cent, was higher than in the previous three quarters.
At the end of the expenditure: management costs, lower credit costs, positive growth in anti-breeding net profits and slower growth. The company continues to optimize its management costs, with the ratio of management costs in the previous three quarters to 7.2%, and the cost-income ratio maintained.
The main contribution to net profit growth remains the reduction in the provision, based on a stable quality and adequate provision, owing to the continued slowdown in the size of loans and the steady growth of public, mortgage and mortgage lending, which is in the form of a flowb/h unit (millions of shares).
In the third quarter, real demand continued its weak recovery, while bank demand for public loans had recovered slowly into the traditional light season, zero sales; under policy guidance, State-owned banks were expected to play a supporting role, loans or maintain a high increase, and other bank credit growth was largely reversed.
One billion dollars, or 89,290 million dollars less in the same year; of these, $8,73 billion were added to public loans and $17,590 million were reduced in retail loans and $4,170 million in paper financing. According to the previous year’s credit portfolio, there was usually a higher number of safe bank loans in the second half of the year, while retail loans decreased in the third quarter of this year, reflecting a recovery in the credit needs of the population.
Slower, but also related to the company’s proactive adjustment of its lending strategy. Since the beginning of the year, the company has consistently pushed down the size of its consumer-type credit, represented by credit cards, new loans, car loans (q3 with a combined reduction of about $42.5 billion) and has increased its mortgage and mortgage lending relatively (q3 with a new total).
The rate of increase in deposits has recovered, with a strong and regularity of the population’s willingness to save. +6.4 per cent (2.2 pct increase from the end of June) .q3 deposit balance at the end of September
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn  asset returns further down, cost improvements for liabilities lag behind and net interest differentials narrow. 17bp drops, yield performance is largely in line with expectations.
q3 interest-bearing asset returns ring 14bp. Of which, total loan returns, single loan rates, corporate loan returns 19bp, -37bp, +5bp, respectively. One loan rate drops significantly, leading to a drag; in addition to market conditions such as interest reduction, it is also associated with company retail lending.
The adjustment of the lending strategy is relevant. As the economy recovers, the demand for corporate credit is gradually warming, while the rate of return on public loans is beginning to stabilize under self-regulation.
This improvement has been relatively slow, the cost of active liabilities has risen, and interest-bearing liabilities have risen slightly. q3 interest-bearing interest-bearing interest-bearing ratio +2bp, with deposit, bond-issuance, joint-service rates +1bp, +1bp, +8bp respectively.
At the end of September, there was an increase of $35.6 billion in non-performing bank loans, or $300 million more; the negative loan rate was higher than the negative loan ratio.
Of these, the negative ratio of public real estate loans rose by 46bp to 1.47%, mainly due to exposure of stock real estate customers and the fact that the overall risk is manageable.
The loan balance of the local government financing platform (which consists of general corporate-type loans and loans that are still managed under the platform) is 7,4105 million, an increase of 10.3% from the beginning of the year, accounting for 2.2% of total loans and no non-performing loans.
The credit card, car, financial loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan, loan.
On the client side: wealth, private customers, has been growing faster and longer. Retailing clients reached 125 million at the end of September, an increase of 1.4% over the beginning of the year.
Customer sales: At the end of September, retail aum aum amounted to 4 trillion, representing an increase of 11.5 per cent from the beginning of the year, private aum aum arum args 1.9 trillion, an increase of 17.3 per cent from the beginning of the year, contributing 68 per cent of retail aum growth, and private aum aum aum args 48 per cent of retail aum.
The wealth team is expected to be a new engine for the growth of wealth management operations. Investment proposals: we expect firm size to grow steadily throughout the year, and retail business risks to be reduced.
In the wealth management business, there is a prospect of gradual recovery as the population's willingness to invest rises, supporting growth in non-interest income. The assets are of sound quality and well-positioned, and net profits are made in support of real economic claims on a sustainable basis.
Figure 3: Break-up of the performance of Peace Bank 1h23 and 3q23, Figure 4: Loans by Peace Bank at the end of September, year-on-year deposits + 3.8 per cent, + 6.4 per cent, Figure 5: 3q23 net interest difference of 2.47 per cent, a decrease of 8bp from 1h23
Figure 6: Poor loan rates and interest rates of the Bank of Peace at the end of September. Figure 7: A decline of 8.9 to 282.6 per cent in the Bank of Peace coverage at the end of September.
Table 1: Indicators related to wealth management in the Bank of Peace, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the Bank of Peace ($00001): smooth quality of assets and good private sector performance
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Bank of Peace ($00001).
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.