Event: 31 March, Slanwa released its annual report for 2022, and the company collected $8,282 million.
\triangleright 22q4 charges affect profit performance, and \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \tright \triangleright \q4 \q4 \
The ring rise of 0.65 pct, which we believe has benefited from the company’s expansion in the area of automobiles, new energy sources, and the upgrading of the product structure, which has allowed the increase of the Maori ratio in the case of consumption-consumption pressure, to continue the increase in the round. 1) The gain on fair value changes of $310 million; 2) the net loss on investment of $81 million.
Losses, mainly in terms of the rate of harvest and fall; 2) significant cost increases due to end-of-year bonuses, share payments and growth in R & D; 3) impairment loss of assets of $51.51 million and erosion of corporate profits.
The total cost will be around $9.5 billion, which will give a strong sense of corporate confidence. The time line will produce a total of 470,000 chips, an increase of 125% over the same period in the previous year, and will become the country’s largest productive idm company as the company continues to expand.
High-end products, such as igbt, continue to function and move downstream to the automobile and new energy markets. On the igbt side, the V-digbt and frd chips, developed by the company \triangleright, are already in many countries.
Clients have passed tests and have already delivered in bulk to some customers. The company is accelerating the introduction of the car-grade power module (pim) 2. Slanwa (600460/sh).
The development of the equator fence sicmosfet technology, with performance indicators reaching the state-of-the-art water of the same type of device structure in the industry, Slanwa (600460/sh) reported in mid-2022 that it was flat, and that the company sicmofet module had a good parameter and sent samples to its customers.
With high performance innovation, it is expected that new products will be released in 2022/08/25 Ac/dc, dcdc products, such as a fast-growing chip camp in Poe (with an Ethernet power supply), which 4. Slanwa (600460/sh) reported in the first quarter of 2022:
The product meets a wide range of power and whole-system applications in areas such as security, with the overall solution leading the country. q1 performance is innovative, plus a 12-inch production line to consolidate capacity \triangleright
Affiliations - 2022/05/02 Observing the ongoing upswing in corporate capacity, high-threshold product ratios, the opening of new markets in the future, the continuous upgrading of products, a little more downstream, 22-year performance indicator
To demonstrate confidence and draw conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, to produce the present report independently and objectively and to be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.