With a steady increase in revenue, the power semiconductor's Idm taps will be a little bit more flowery, and a Slanwa's incident assessment report will be published in Slanwa's annual report for 2022 and the quarterly report for 2023: the company's 2022.
Operating income of $8,282 million, an increase of 15.12 per cent over the same period; net return income growth is expected and product structure is further optimized
The e-market for swimming consumption has changed significantly, with a marked decrease in the volume and price of some of the consumer products of the company; insufficient Sran production of 5 inches and 6 inches and reduced capacity utilization; and output of the Slander and Slander Milled chip production lines.
The lower-than-expected utilization of capacity resulted in a significant loss. On the cost side, the sales/management/research and development costs/financial costs for 2022 were attributable to employee remuneration, depreciation, share payments, labour costs and depreciation, respectively.
As a result of the increase in interest expenditure on sales, financing scale-up, a breakdown of products shows that integrated circuits/separation devices/luminous diodes were divided in 2022.
Don't make it 27.23/4467/733 million, respectively, in terms of growth.
The company further accelerated the pace of product restructuring in 2022, followed by expected performance, product structure optimization, continued through the building of niche technology platforms, the development of new products for new technologies, and strategic-level clients.
Increased investment in such areas as long-term partnerships, promising future growth in smart household power, automobiles, new energy 3. Slanwa (600460): multi-product lines
Good, keeping the idm model to its full benefits. 2022- Source high-growth areas are growing fast. Continued expansion of chip production, sic chip production line initial access.
4. Slander (600460): The performance forecast for 2021 was over-expected, with a total output of 5 and 6 inches of 2.3804 million chips in 2022, compared to the national production of the idm dragon.
125 per cent more than the same year; 6523 million pieces of extra-sized chips produced, compared to 100 million pieces of equipment, 1.2 billion units of annual production power, 200 million sensors of annual production, 40 million units of optical appliances produced each year; Slanmingang has been built for months.
In 2022, Slanmingang began work on the construction of the “sic power chip production line” project. 2022q4, the sic chip production line was initially connected, and
The company has now completed the development of the first generation sic-mosfet technology, with performance indicators reaching the level of advanced equipment structure within the industry. The company has sealed the sic-mosfet chip.
In 2023, the silic chip production line will be accelerated and is expected to be 6,000 6 inches per month by the end of 2023.
In terms of new energy sources, the automobile market, the progressive release of car-related products, the demand for automobiles and new energy-related products, the company introduced an ipm programme for new energy car air conditioning compressors and launched a domestic top car drive.
Air conditioner pressurizers completed bulk delivery, Ipm module revenues of $1.42 billion in 2022 and are expected to grow rapidly; the company introduced a variety of more reliable, more cost-effective, high-performance semiconductor solutions for new energy vehicles.
The program, the 11kwobc power semiconductor solution and the high voltage dc-dc power semiconductor solution are expected to gain a greater share in the rapidly developing wave of new energy vehicles: the V-digbt and frd chips developed autonomously by the company.
The machine-driven module has been tested by a number of customers in the country and is being delivered in some cases in bulk, the company has the capacity to produce 100,000 vehicle-grade modules per month, is accelerating the construction of the pim production capacity and is expected to pick up more pim camp in the future.
Chengdusland has embarked on the Automobile Semiconductor Encapsulation Project (phase I) to improve the capability of auto-grade power module encapsulation, and competes to maintain a “buy-in” investment rating.
Consumption recovery below expected risk, orders below expected risk, supply chain risk, new product underdevelopment below expected risk, industry competition increases risk, overseas policy changes
Mauzheng: Master of Materials at the University of Kyotan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers around the world, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment from 2018 to 2020 reflect my research views. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.