On 7 June 2023, Hangzhou Slanwa Electronics Co. Ltd. obtained the agreement of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board for an application to a specific issuer of a stock stock in 2022.
The total amount of funds raised to specific issuers is not more than $6.5 billion, and net fund-raising, after deducting distribution costs, is proposed to be invested in 360,000 annual chips of a 12-inch chip production line project, sic power.
The production line construction project, the auto semiconductor encapsulation project (phase I) and the production capacity of the microchip to supplement the flow of 10,000 sic-mosfet/sbd semiconductors; yole predicted that the global sic power semiconductor market would reach $2,562 million in 2025, 2019-
In 2025, the combined growth rate exceeded 30% on average: “Car semiconductor encapsulation project (phase I)” will result in the production of 7.2 million car-grade modules per year. Drive the future, new power sources for cars will be phased in. The company will focus on current cars and new energy.
Opportunities for rapid growth in the source industry to accelerate the expansion of the production capacity of the igbt, frd chip and the building of the capacity of the modules, total equity/circulation capital (billion shares) 14.16/14.16 device encapsulation to meet current new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, wind power, storage, large capacity
(b) The demand for applications such as white power: the company had previously introduced an ipm programme for the highest/minimum machine-driven compression of vehicle air conditioners for new energy and had completed bulk supply at the domestic top vehicle air-conditioning presses;
In the future, business income from the company ' s Ipm module is expected to continue to grow rapidly; for new energy vehicles, a variety of 6.6 kwobc power semiconductor solutions, 11kwobc power semiconductor, Hangzhou Slan Holdings Ltd. have been introduced
Solution and high voltage dc-dc power semiconductor solution: The electric car main power drive module, based on the company ' s autonomous development of v-degbt and frd chips, has been tested by a number of customers in the country and has been delivered in bulk in some of them.
The company continuously improves its chip output capacity; in 2022 it produced 5, 6 inches of chips, 2.3804 million chips, 8 inches of chips, 650,000 chips, 12 inches of chips, 470,000 pieces of extra-sized chips, 6523 million pieces of extra-sized chips, and the subsidiary, Chengdu, is in its early years.
One hundred and seventy million production power modules, 1.2 billion annual production power devices, 200 million annual mems sensors and 40 million annual optical appliances: Slanmingang has completed the production capacity of 4 inches of led chips, 2,000 6 inches of sic chips.
The production capacity of the 6000 6 inches of chip per month is expected to be formed by the end of 2023; this will be supplemented by the landing of the 360,000 12 inches of chip production line project and the semiconductor encapsulation of cars (phase I) project, which will further strengthen the output of the chip and the block encapsulation capacity of the size of the vehicle.
Downstream demand does not match the expected risks: market competition increases the risk; the downward cycle of semiconductors is based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and fair, and the findings of the report are not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.