The year-on-year increase of 3.25 per cent, the month-on-year rise of the single-month boom in March, the year-on-year growth of the company's 1023rd battalion, with the net profit from the non-repatriation.
huhui2@guosen.com.cn E-market demand is weak, prices for some of the company's products continue to fall, the utilization rate of some production lines is relatively low in January-February, and the unit production cost rises with an operating loss; and production capacity continues to fall in March
The company’s automobile-grade power module is growing faster, and the main-drive module is moving up. According to the ne-era data, the Division has been supplying the igbt master-drill module in Biadi since January.
On the basis of this project's current production capacity of 100,000 vehicle-grade modules, it is expected that the CCS line will accelerate after the end of the fourth year of the project, with project revenues expected to increase over the next three years.
Carbonated silicone line planning for 120,000 chips/year, sicsbd chips/year, initial wiring of the sic chip line in the fourth quarter of 22 years and production of 2,000 6 inches sic Sranco 12 inches of output continued to grow, and the Sranco 12 inches project provided for sustained performance growth.
Power. The joint company Srancco produces 470,000 chips, an increase of 125 per cent from the previous year. This is why, once completed, the subsidiary Srancrum, which produces 360,000 12 inches a year, will form a 360,000 12 inches a year chip production line, which is expected to be real after the third birthday of the project.
The product structure is improving, and the multiplicity of products is moving rapidly. The company's acceleration sensors supply most of the country's mobile phones in large quantities from brand manufacturers to more than 20% of the country's cities; the gyrosen sensors are already at 8 inches.
In addition, companies have introduced multi-incorporated booster controllers for high-power chargers and mobile power sources; poe chips can meet a wide range of capabilities and whole-of-the-board applications in areas such as security, with the overall solution leading the country.
Investment proposal: We look forward to a double-up of the company's silicon-based device production and product, a pre-silicon carbonized layout. Slanwa (60046.sh)-22 harvests increase by 15% and 12 inches of chip production. Slanwa (60046.sh) - accepted increase, accelerated expansion of car regulation products.
Slavi (60046.sh)-3q22 Performance Short-Term Pressure, Production Building Progress Slavi (60046.sh) - Silicon and Carbonated Silicon Devices Double-wheel drive, Injection Long Slavi (60046.sh) - Product Structures Keeping Optimized, Production Releases Ordered Progressing
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and growth in the last five years (billion yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Company ' s product collection structure for the last five years (%) Figure 3: Company ' s non-parent net profits and rate of increase in the last five years (billion yuan, per cent)
Figure 4: Corporations ' combined Māori rate, net interest rate (%) for the last five years. Figure 5: Companies ' cost rate (%) for the last five years. Figure 6: Companies ' R & D input and share of revenue (billion yuan, %)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject