A single-season gap ring rebounds, with bad output falling low, and the construction of the first quarter of the industry has generally remained robust, with a steady increase in revenue, a fast increase in revenue from fees, and a single-season link up. The negative end has also been steadily growing, with deposits growing faster and on demand.
The ratio is 51.5%, continuing as a cost advantage on the end of the liability for state-owned corporations. Poor asset quality, fee revenue performance, and a slight slowdown in revenue growth.
4.20 per cent, with a slight slowdown over the whole year 2018 (+5.11 per cent, yoy). 1 quarter collection year-on-year deceleration to net interest income decelerated. 1 quarter net interest income increased by 4.46 per cent compared to the 18-year period (vs 2018, +7.5 per cent), resulting from the one-quarter net difference during the same period last year.
This is a decline of 6bp to 2.29% over the same period on a high base basis. The growth in income from construction fees in the first quarter was good, with an increase of 13.4% over the previous quarter, and is expected to be sustained by good growth in the bank cards and e-banks in 2018, with an increase of 9.0 percentage points in the first quarter over the 18-year period.
The interest-rate-rate-rate gap has recovered in the first quarter and the end-of-the-world advantage has been maintained. As of the first quarter, the ratio of build-up assets to build-up assets has stabilized at 57%, and 71% of the additional loans in the previous quarter of the structure have been directed in the opposite direction and are expected to be associated with an increase in capital investment at the beginning of the year. At the end of the year, construction deposits have remained faster in the first quarter.
The ring is down 1.8 percentage points from 51.5%, but the absolute share of current deposits is still at a preponderant level, continuing the strong cost advantage of large banks at the end of the liability. In terms of interest differential performance, based on the balance at the end of the period, we build a single-season interest gap ratio for the first quarter of the year.
4bp to 2.15%. The asset-end return ratio rose by 9bp to 3.71%, which is larger than the end-of-the-liabilities cost upscale (the ring up by 6bp to 1.75%), the two end-of-the-end interest-rate spreads remain stable and the quality of the asset is low.
Steady, with a negative rate of 1.46%, compared to the end of the last quarter of last year, with a negative production ratio of 8bp to 0.68% and a low rate of negative production. At the same time, by the end of 2018, the percentage of loans/deprived loans that were over 90 days overdue in the construction of banks had reached 60.1%, with stringent criteria and leading the industry.
The construction bank published the 19th Quarterly Report, with net profits increasing by 4.2% in the first quarter of 2019, with total assets of 24.19 trillion yuan at the end of the quarter.
(+5.87%, yoy/; +4.17%, qoq) of which loans + 7.85% yoy/; +3.13% qoq; deposits + 6.83% yoy/+5.52% qoq. Charge revenue performance was impressive, with a slight slowdown in the rate of growth in the quarter of the construction line 1. Net profits increased by 4.20% in the quarter of the year compared to the year of 2018 (+5.11%, yoy).
This represents an increase of 3.31 per cent and a slowdown of 3.9 percentage points over the 18-year overall increase (+7.2 per cent, yoy), mainly due to a slowdown in net interest income. Net interest income increased by 4.46 per cent in the first quarter of the construction line over the 18-year period (vs 2018, +7.5 per cent), resulting in a decrease of net interest differences of 6bp to 2.29 per cent from the same high base for the same period last year.
It is now good, with a 13.4 per cent increase in the same year, and is expected to benefit from the continuation of good growth in the banking card business and e-banks in 2018, with an increase of 9.0 percentage points in the first quarter compared to the 18-year full year increase in the same quarter.
Infrastructure investments are related. At the end of the liability, the construction bank deposits for the first quarter have been growing faster, with a 6.83 per cent/5.2 per cent increase in the same ring, compared with 51.5 per cent increase in the same year, with a small 1.8 percentage point decrease in the ring, but the absolute share of current deposits is still at a preponderant level among peers, continuing the strong cost advantage of the big bank at the end of the liability.
The single-season net interest ratio is on the rise, rising from 4bp to 2.15%. The asset-end yield ratio rose by 9bp to 3.71%, larger than the end-of-the-debt cost line (6bp to 1.75%), and the negative-end interest-rate gap ring rebounded.
By the end of 2018, the percentage of loans/deprived loans to build banks that were more than 90 days overdue had reached 60.1 per cent, with stringent criteria and a leading partner.
The construction of the first quarter has been generally robust, with steady growth in revenue collection, a rapid increase in fees and a single-season round of interest differentials. We have also maintained steady growth on both sides of the capital, with deposits growing faster, with a current ratio of 51.5%, continuing the cost advantage at the end of the debt as a major state-owned enterprise.
The banks, as a pro-cyclical sector, are more relevant to economic development. Economic development influences the performance of the real economy as well as profitability, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Well, there is a risk that the quality of banking assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector. The current trade friction between Central America and the United States is continuing, macroeconomic uncertainty remains and economic dynamics will need to be closely followed.