June 18th, 2019.
With a two-digit robust growth in accumulated additional credit in the first half of May, the bank will benefit from a growth in credit size that will increase net interest earnings. Companies have a better cost and capital advantage and may be able to invest in credit.
In addition, the low-cost and cost structure of a company can better respond to interest rate fluctuations in financial markets, believing that it would be better to opt for lower market risks at the present time. Firms operate with a lower-valued, higher-valued rate of dividends, and we continue to advise on investments with “buy-in”.
The previous May saw a robust credit addition: in the central bank's opinion, banking institutions achieved a cumulative credit increase of $8 trillion in the previous May, a 11.4 per cent increase in yoy, a 144 trillion loan balance by the end of May, and a positive advantage for yoy, especially in terms of public operations.
Building banks have a strong edge on the end of the liability: in terms of the cost of corporate disclosure of interest-paying liabilities, building banks have essentially the same cost of liability as agricultural banks and have an advantage in their counterparts: in 2018, the cost of building-paying liabilities was 1.56 per cent, after the Agricultural Bank only 1.53 per cent, lower than the cost of business and industry.
In the case of banks, 1.57% of the bank and 1.85% of the bank of China. If the deposit rate indicator is the same as the farm, it is also 1.39%, down from 1.45% of the firm and 1.63% of the firm.
The bulk of interest-paying liabilities (about 80 per cent), the small impact of interest rate market fluctuations, and the combined financing advantages of the interbank market.
Capital levels have an industry-wide advantage: in terms of capital, building banks have sufficient levels of capital, which are stronger than their counterparts, with three capital adequacy rates of 13.8 per cent, 14.4 per cent and 17.1 per cent, respectively (below the construction level of 17.1 per cent).
This year, the net revenue from 1q fees grew faster and the quality of the assets remained stable: this year, the 1q fees and commissions contributed to faster growth of the income end, with charges and commissions increasing by 13.4 to 43 billion, facilitated by bank cards, e-banking and agency operations.
By the end of the previous year, the rate of bad performance at 1q2019 was the same as at the end of the previous year, with 1.46 per cent recorded and provision made at 1q2019, with an increase in coverage from 6 pct to 214 per cent compared to the end of the previous year.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: