The high growth of daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco is expected to continue, and the provincial and extra-provincial markets are on the right track. On the 8th of January, the company held a development conference in 2018.
And the chairman of the board, Mr. Zhou Su-ming, gave an account of the company's performance in 2017 and its work plan for 2018. It was revealed that the company had grown better in 17 years, and that the logic and judgment that we recommended to the company in the previous period were basically the same.
In 2017, the provincial and extra-provincial markets improved in general, with a double-digit increase in the share of sales of 6 pcts upgraded from the national point of view, with sales of more than 81.8 per cent of products in the special category and 5 pcts up and 62 per cent of brand names increasing by 6 pcts.
There have been significant improvements. 13 local marketing centres in the province and 70 municipal and district offices have achieved full growth: 31 municipalities outside the province have also seen general growth.
Total stock/flow (million shares) clears three major brands and focuses on large single items.
The card was upgraded to "China's High-end Medium White Wine" for 300-600 yuan; the world's 12 months' highest/minimum (US$) position is "China's First Wine" for 100-300 yuan; the high ravine insists on "Greatness"
In terms of the channels, the construction of “grid-based, flat-level, and fine-tuning” is being carried out. In the current era (603369), “high growth in the state is expected to lead to sustained progress in “standard-to-standard engineering” in the province; and in the provinces and abroad, it is planned to expand the region in accordance with “2+5+n.”
In 2018, the company will be working around the “5332” approach and five main layouts: “5” means “five-power engineering”, including brand power, product power, channel power, growth power, steady growth in entry, high-end occupation.
Enforcement: "3" refers to insistence on price policy: a two-way drive for "brand+" high Māori ratio -- 2017/10/27; three principles for accompanying measures; and "3" refers to strengthening enterprises, roads, roads, roads.
"The world" (603369), "The world": "The culture has three self-confidences: "2" means the achievement of a business life ranging from excellence to excellence in the construction of sustainable development.
(b) Transport Community, with two main goals: a strong growth in performance and a shared commitment to culture as a contribution to the betterment of people ' s lives -- 2017/07/31. (ii) Five main layouts: one focuses on drinking and planning development; and the other is branding channels, drivers.
Development; third, good classification and balanced development; fourth, integration of innovation for development; and fifth, deep transformation and development. From the benefits of nationalization, overall corporate profit growth is expected to outpace 18 years of growth.
20%. The stock price is currently less than 18 times higher than 18 years, and the white wine is the lowest, much lower than the rest. Moreover, the market is worried about the size of the 2nd shareholder, but we think that the 2nd share is in the 9th North End Street in Beijing's West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.