The company's main business is research and development, production, marketing and services of in vitro diagnostic products, and is a leader in this field in the country.
Millions of yuan (+40.52 per cent year-on-year) Corporate products are mainly used to provide disease prevention, diagnosis, and, on a quarterly basis, 2022q4 companies have achieved operating income of 750 million yuan (+15.16 per cent year-on-year); net parent gain.
Diagnosis information for treatment monitoring, post-observation, health assessment and legacy disease predictions. In-country operations: the ratio of large-scale installed aircraft to the number of clients in level-III hospitals is steadily increasing and it is expected that the instrument list will be promoted
In 2022, the company completed 1,510 fully automated chemical luminescence machines on the domestic market, with 63.38% of the larger machines, an increase of 11.98 percentage points. By the end of 2022, the company accumulated over 11.300 chemical luminous immuno-analysis machines in the country.
In 2022, the company registered 156 chemical luminous reagents in the domestic market, up from 11 in 2021. In terms of channel coverage, the company has covered nearly 8,700 domestic medical terminals, of which three are clients, 1,380 (171 more than at the end of 2021).
In recent years, companies have been promoting large-scale machines in the domestic market, with a steady increase in the proportion of installed machines.
In 2022, the company sold 4,357 fully automated chemical luminescence devices, an increase of 51.07% over the same period, with medium-sized and large-scale luminous devices.
Total equity/circulationa shares (million shares) Corporate products have been sold to 151 countries and territories abroad, with 10 countries earning more than $20 million; and based on the experience of Indian affiliates, companies in Russia, Brazil, Mexico, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan and the United States of America have been able to produce a total of 100 million dollars.
Peru has all completed the establishment of its overseas affiliates and has continued to promote localization of companies in key market countries. In recent years, companies have accelerated their penetration of overseas markets, thanks to their own product power and cost advantages, to achieve a better performance in the Asian-African market.
The company’s profitability remained stable. In 2022, the company’s Māori rate was 70.26 per cent (year-to-0.89 per cent), not 28, 22, and 17 times the net profit.
There are advantages in skill levels, reagent types, and reliability, as well as a mature domestic and foreign marketing system. Keeping in view the high growth of companies’ operations in the face of domestic substitution and sea surges, they maintain a “highly recommended” rating. s14812107074
The new industry (300832): the instrumentation structure continues to be optimized, overseas operations are growing at a high rate, and the East is growing at a high rate.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the new industry (300832) continues to optimize the instrumentation structure and high growth in overseas operations.
Liu Tanda, research assistant profile, Lin Ji-hye.
Lin Chi, a Master of Finance from the University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the Eung Xing Securities in July 2021.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.