Relay of high-speed instrumentation, promising to lead the way in the new industry (30082.sz) event: company ' s first quarterly report in 2023, and company ' s revenue in January-March 2023
876 million yuan (+17.91%), net profit from the mother is $355 million (+15.10%), net profit is deducted. The performance for the quarter is positive and the x8 high-speed aircraft is going well.
A steady growth of 17.91 per cent has been achieved, with company operating income/net return since q1 in 2021, and we believe that X8 has been marketed to complete the company's high-speed map, and that the medium- and large-scale clients are expected to achieve the point, mainly due to the fact that the number of in-country end-of-school consultations has not yet been fully restored and the rapid deployment of overseas installed machines has resulted in a significant increase in the number of clients.
Māori sells relatively lower instruments. In 2023, q1’s overseas market revenue was higher than in the city, and q1’s domestic instrument sales are expected to be better. We believe that, with domestic and foreign loading, reagent output is expected to be quickly boosted, and the company as a whole is Māori.
R & D maintains high input, instruments and reagent products continue to be enriched. In 2023, R & D q1 continued to strengthen its R & D inputs, the company’s product lines continued to grow, and firms competed for long periods of time.
The company is currently selling 10 chemical luminous instruments, including maglumix3/x6/x8, with a detection rate of 200/450/600, respectively.
In the case of reagents, the company sells chemically luminous reagents covering a variety of detection projects, such as tumours, thyroids, infectious diseases, glands, and myocardial signs;
Reagents cover a variety of tests such as cynal function, liver function, special proteins, and lipids. In addition, the company currently has instruments such as biossayse6plus/molecisionr8 and a number of reagent products.
We expect the company to return to its net profits in 2023-2025 to grow robustly and increase the company ' s long-term value at a higher rate overseas.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence, and clearly and accurately reflecting my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.