Corporate Fy22 recorded strong performance growth, with management issuing guidance for the first time on Fy23, including higher net profit growth rates than the previous market expectations.
As certainty rises, core business orders remain strong and new molecules and new business continue to accelerate, I • Fy23 guides the re-engineering of short-term performance confidence: Fy22 revenues and adjusted net non-ifrs returns will increase faster than Māori; 2) splits to wuxi after the new crown commercialization project is eliminated
Chemistry income + 36 to 38 per cent, other business blocks (wuxitesting, wuxibiology, wuxiatu) income + 20 to 23 per cent, wuxiddsu income - more than 20 per cent, which leads us to calculate that revenues from new crown commercialization projects may fall by more than 70 per cent; 3) capital development
The company also maintained the level of orders given during the previous period, which had not been significantly influenced by changes in the financing environment and geopolitical patterns, and the profit guidelines had exceeded previous market expectations.
We expect the company’s valuation and market confidence to be gradually restored and the “buy-in” rating maintained. • New molecules, new business models drive long-term performance growth: the share of new molecules in the company’s Fy22 revenue has increased significantly, as in the case of tides in wuxichemistry.
New molecules, such as acid and polypium, and new molecular types of services in wuxibiology, with their respective revenues, ddsu raise commercial production and sales into a year-on-year, and we expect to be relative.
Peg’s target valuation (almost equal to the average over the past year, well below the historical average) and 15% of investment risk: changes in the financing environment; geopolitical risks; and project failures or delays.
Figure 1: Profit forecasting and financial indicators Scavengering attention to the International Study of Pura Qing Financial Statements Analysis and Forecasting - Pharmacy Condt (2359.hk)
The core business section Fy22 shows a 105% growth in the income of the plate and a 0.5 pcts to 40.0% increase in the Māori rate.
Small and medium-sized molecular drug discovery (r) + 31 per cent, process development and production (dm) + 152 per cent, excluding the new crown commercialization project, saw a 40 per cent increase in block income over the same period (i.e., the new crown project contributed $9.2 billion throughout the year, and at the end of the year: 1,666), of which 50 were in the commercialization phase and 57 were in the iii phase.
In terms of efficiency, the Chinese headquarters in Wuhanhua has been operating as part of the three-phased plant in Changzhou during the year.Wuxitting: plate income increased by 26 per cent, the Māori rate increased by 3.2 pcts to 34.9 per cent, the laboratory analysis and testing service income increased by 36 per cent, and the medical equipment testing business is subject to EU regulations on equipment.
The pilot service is driven by a significant recovery + 33%, and the security assessment + 46%. Clinical coro and smo income affected by the epidemic and business adjustments + 6%, with a slight rebound in the 4q growth rate. wuxibiogy: plate income growth of 25%, Māori rate of 38.8%, is almost equal.
wuxiatu: The income of the plate grew by 27%, the Māori rate fell by 4.7 pcts - - 6.7%, the test industry in the plate income + 36%, process development + 43%. There are 68 projects in the plate pipe, of which 8 are in clinical iii (two have submitted Nda/bla and are expected to be marketed and commercialized this year).
Wuxiddsu: Decline in income of 22 per cent, Māori rate of 17.7 pcts to 26.2 per cent, income and gross interest rates due to company initiatives to upgrade operations, new R & D projects based on innovative drugs, difficulties in R & D upgrading and longer cycles, which have a negative impact on current revenues and profitability. As of March 20, the current income and profitability rates have been reduced.
Two projects are at the Nda stage. As more and more ddsu clients are listed, companies are expected to grow by 27% per year, well below the Fy22 income increase; R & D and expatriates each account for 25% of the combined staff growth and are also significantly below the 38% compound income increase.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spop international.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected
(b) Euro-American pharmaceutical companies cut R & D spending and suspended R & D projects, leading to less than expected revenues for companies, especially from the European and American regions;
(b) New business creates more growth dynamics, and the failure of projects at the research and development stage results in loss of clients and impacts on revenue.
Poeing International Pessimism: Corporate growth is not as good as expected
(b) Euro-American pharmaceutical companies cut R & D spending and suspended R & D projects, led companies to expand their operations for mergers and acquisitions, with higher income growth than expected;
The failure of projects at the research and development stage has resulted in loss of clients and an impact on income.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pu Ying International, agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]