Industrial funds are accepted as major shareholders to help run high-end chip encapsulation Summary evaluation/electronic components Absorption of new electrons; 3) proposed partial fund-raising and self-financing totals 2,095.5 million yuan against subsidiaries
Long-term Electric New Branch, Long-Channel New Plum, to be replenished and invested in Singapore ' s jcet-sc, Starcomb, in the form of capital, to repay the loan repayments and to invest in the ewlb project at Starcomb: 4) to be released in public, total funds raised do not exceed $4.55 billion, to be used for the high-density collection of $2 billion in communications produced annually, after deducting the cost of distribution
For example, the Industrial Fund subscribes to an amount not exceeding $2.9 billion. The Industrial Fund subscribes to the high-end chip envelope to help run the high-end chips.
1. The total amount of funds that the company proposes to raise from the Industrial Fund, the Cycling Semiconductor, the Golden Investment Pilot, the China River Executive Power Increase 1 Fund, and the Bank ' s undisclosed shares does not exceed $4.55 billion. Of this, $1.620 billion was spent on the unit as compared to the 300-year-old trend.
Two billion pieces of communications per year are covered by high-density integrated circuits and modules, $1.600 billion for communications and goods, $1.330 billion for the industrialization of intermediate sealed circuits, and $1.33 billion for the repayment of bank loans.
When issued, the Industrial Fund will become the company’s first shareholder, with a share of no more than 19%; the share share of the kernel semiconductor will remain unchanged at 14.28%, making it the company’s second largest shareholder.
2. We believe that after many years of research and development and technological accumulation in the area of encapsulation, the company already has the best technology in the industry. This project, with its high-density integrated circuit sealing and bumping, wlcsp, among others, is conducive to enhancing the company’s international competitiveness and will benefit from smartphone and object networking.
In addition, in the current increase, industrial funds are proposed to subscribe to no more than $2.9 billion, and after that, they will become the company’s first shareholder, highlighting the company’s strategic position in the industry.
By increasing production lines and expanding capacity, companies have increased capital spending; on the other hand, by 2015 they have completed the acquisition of Starcombs, increased financial leverage by investing in priority projects during the acquisition process and in the integration process. We believe that this increase in the amount of $1,330 million in funds to repay bank loans will reduce the company’s burden to some extent.
Level of debt, reduced financial costs, increased profitability.
During the first half of the year, there was a steady growth in the operations of the former Long Power Company, but the performance of the first half of the year was below expectations, mainly due to the delay in the use of integrated circuit locking orders for smartphones at Starcombscs, Sck, and the relocation of the Shanghai plant, resulting in fewer orders and higher costs.
Cokinbon has made some progress in integrating. Scs is actively developing non-mobile customers, making some breakthroughs in customer diversification and market diversification; Sck is also making a big breakthrough in the importation of new customers; Shanghai is expected to complete the relocation in September, and it is expected that after Shanghai’s closure, the company’s operating costs will be to some extent.
He's a leader in the field of loading, with the best international packaging technology, and he's gradually improving his integration with the Chinese Petroleum University Business School, and he's an entrepreneur at the Central National University; he's got about 10 years of experience with the Chinese People's University.
Wang Duting, Research Assistant for the Electronics Industry. Kwangtan University, Master of Microelectronics and Solid Electronics, joined the People ' s Security in 2016.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,