China National Navigation (601111) Transport benefits from home-line warming and exchange gains, q2 losses and significant contractions, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
21H1 net loss on non-receipt losses of approximately 6.3 billion yuan. The exchange rate of the renminbi appreciated by 1% in the first half of the year, and the net exchange rate for the current period still varies over the same period of the year. 21H1 sails akask of 82.5 billion kilometres, an increase of 26%-42% in the year 20/19, and rpk 58.3 billion in the year 20/19, an increase of 32%-49% in the same quarter.
The supply and demand for aviation is weak in the past year ' s policy, with demand concentrated in the second quarter, where the inside line has surpassed pre-epidemiological levels, with an increase of 89/12 per cent in the q2 inner line ask and 109 per cent in the year 20/19, and an increase of 109 per cent in the rpk and 31 per cent in the same year, and the cost of withholding oil is 0.385 (8 per cent lower than the 20h1 and +47 per cent in the same year 19).
As a result of the rise in oil prices, the cost of fuel per unit ask increased by 16 per cent to 0.12 dollars per year. The effects of corporate control were remarkable, with a 12 per cent deduction rate of 21H1, a decline of 3.2 pp per year.
The supply and demand patterns of the industry are expected to improve across the board in 2022: a turning point in the supply of power and an increase in the number of static seats in 2022, after which civil aviation will be expected to rise to a state-of-the-art cycle driven by improved supply and demand patterns.
The company’s main base is located at Beijing Capital International Airport, where the city is close to 70%, while it is ranked third in the city of Dae-hung Airport in Beijing, where the company’s domestic routes form a four-horned diamond network layout. The company occupies the country’s best-for-all-time resources, as well as the advantages of North America and Europe.
Quality international flight resources, 42% of international/regional ask in 2019, with the highest number of international flights. By the end of 2020, the company ' s fleet was 707 aircraft, the third largest in the country, with 129 broad-body machines and the largest in the country.
The net interest rate of the parent is consistently higher than that of the company, which averaged 1.61 per cent in July 2014-2020, and 0.89 per cent and 0.89 per cent respectively.
Impact of unexpected events such as major international disputes, wars, terrorist attacks: exchange rate risk.1 China ' s national flight: carrying China, connecting the world ' s most profitable flag airline 1.1
In October 2002, China International Airlines joined the air transport resources of the former Chinese Southwest Air Corporation and China Air General Corporation to form a new Chinese international airline.
As China’s only airliner with a flag flying, it carries the security of government jets, passenger charters, emergency flights, visits from foreign leaders, etc.
Phoenix is well-known and full of wings. China Air Group Limited, the main national airline shareholder, is a fully-owned subsidiary of China Air (China Air Group), with 51.7% control over the national airline. Another major shareholder of the company, the National Thai Aviation Unit Limited, holds 18.13% interest in the national airline, the first airline to provide civil aviation services in Hong Kong in 2011.
In 2020, the company ask had a total of 156,062 million kilometres, a decrease of 45.6% compared to the previous year, of which the national/international/regional ratio was 45.6%.
The country’s main air base is Beijing’s capital International Airport, located at the “First Door of China” and focuses on building the Beijing super-hub, the Chengdu international hub, the Shanghai and Shenzhen international portals, which form the four-corned diamond network structures at the nodes of Beijing, Chengdu, Shanghai and Shenzhen.
Beijing is at the Euro-American-Asian crossroads, with the advantage of the best position to build a large international air hub in North-East Asia, and with the advantage of a local business passenger community, and Beijing’s position and client structure are conducive to the company’s maintaining a high yield level. The company began to operate in January 2021 in Beijing’s capital country.
The international airport t2 and t3 are operating domestic flights at the same time. The Beijing airport went into operation in 2019, forming a “one city, two” operating pattern in Beijing.
Companies have an absolute lead on domestic flights to mainstream international shipping routes such as Europe and North America. Cross-border trips were affected by the epidemic in 2020, when companies converted 35% of international airtime into domestic flights during the 2020 summer season, transferring broad-body aircraft from Beijing to Shanghai, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Chongqing and other markets to execute flight plans and implement international flights.
At the end of 2020, the company operated 674 routes, including 48 international, 6 regional and 620 domestic.
Members cooperate in extending services to 195 countries and territories and 1,300 destinations. In 2019, 58.2/38.1/3.8 per cent of companies ' domestic/international/regional ask, respectively, and the company ' s international and regional routes are the highest compared to the country ' s. 1.3 Fleet expansion has been steady and the broad body fleet has the highest rate of occupancy.
By the end of 2020, the group had 707 aircraft of an average age, 18 aircraft, and 14 aircraft.
The fleet is the third largest in the country, with the largest number of broad-body aircraft. By 2020, the fleet was the third largest in the country, but the fleet was 129, or 18.3 per cent, with the highest number and percentage of aircraft in the country.
China’s fleet is the most profitable. China’s fleet is more profitable, and the net return rate between 2013 and 1999 was consistently higher than that of the company, with an average of 1.61% of the company’s roa for the seven years 2014–2020, and an average of 0.3897 yuan (+44.7%) per unit of ask withholding oil, with a combined cost of 11.4% excluding currency exchange.
1.7 pts down.3 Beta up: short-term digestion of redundancy, medium-term supply and demand relationship to good 3.1 demand: short-term reading of vaccinations, medium-term reliance on localization of tourism markets
In the medium term, the rapid recovery of the domestic tourism market is key to the reversion of domestic civil aviation performance. Tourism consumption is sticky, domestic tourism becomes a long-term consumption habit, and consumer structure changes drive industry upwards.
The demand for domestic travel is structural in the medium term: travel as a consumer is a process of consumption habits and sticky breeding. The country’s tourism industry has ample space and time to develop, our country has vast national resources and marine resources, tourist destinations are sinking to three or four-line cities, and travel destinations are gradually shifting from traditional sites to smaller ones.
From a medium-term perspective of three to five years, the limited availability of international travel resources and the depth of development in the domestic market are likely to reshape the concept of tourism consumption. From a post-00 perspective, the recognition of the domestic market by the new generation is higher than that of all age groups, and we have every reason to believe that the rapid growth of the domestic tourism market has come.
Civil aviation needs are directly linked to macroeconomic highs, with civil aviation magnification factors of about 1.5 per cent. Based on the 2021 gdp acceleration rate of 8.4 per cent, based on a 1.52-fold magnification factor of rpk, the projected increase in civil aviation rpk throughout the year 2021 is the result of a de facto air traffic base created by the closure policy under the epidemic.
The redundancy caused by the suspension of cross-border routes and the mismatch of supply and demand structures are the essence of the airline’s short-term dilemma. But, on a long-term cycle, the demand for controlled cross-border travel, limited by national epidemiological control policies, is frictionary, and the speed of air travel may be more than expected, but as macroeconomics are at a low level, the recovery of travel demand is more certain.
On the micro-base, we believe that civil aviation rpk will remain highly anchored in total economic output in the future, and that the fleet will slow down during the "14th Five-Five" air currents. By the end of 2020, the industry had 92 airlines, 3989 flying, and we believe that China civil aviation's 14th Five-Five Direction is an improvement in aircraft efficiency, and that the second is an improvement in fleet structure and passenger cabin layout.
Increased capacity utilization will also accelerate the decline in supply and demand for scissors, which will provide a strong support for civil aviation revenue levels. The shipping strategy has been restructured, and the industry’s supply pattern is expected to improve further.
By the end of 2020, 668 commercial aircraft had been operated by the air carrier, with more than 1,500 passenger routes. The air carrier had 12 passenger and offshore licence plates, 4 cargo and 3 official aircraft.
The supply and demand structure of the post-epidemiological period is expected to improve with short-term supply and demand pressures, which will be effectively reduced in 2022. The main reasons are as follows:
1) The size of the civil aviation fleet increased by more than 10 per cent in 2019 compared to 2021, and the industry as a whole remained active in the production-extension zone (a downwards point of increase in the size of the fleet after 2021); 2) international flights moved back home in large numbers at times, using national flights as an example, about 35 per cent of international flights returned home at times, with three main routes.
(iii) From a demand point of view, the extent to which these requirements can be converted into effective domestic rpk is highly uncertain. On the basis of domestic requirements alone, data for 20 years are low.
The effect is seen to be extremely high, but the increase was limited in 19 years in the same year, compared with an average of 5.34 million passengers per day in the 51st period, or 0.3 per cent in the 19th year. The high incidence of outbreaks since May, and the ability of the population to release its needs in an orderly manner, remain highly relevant to the prevention and control of the epidemic, and we believe that when vaccination coverage exceeds 60 to 70 per cent of the districts, the overall need for travel is high.
An outbreak can be expected. In summary, relative excess capacity to release the need for a bound movement has led to a pressure digestion in 2021 and a certain degree of difficulty in reversing the performance of the Division, but we believe that the outbreak has also objectively accelerated the pace of vaccinations, and that the critical points or more than anticipated release of the need for travel have emerged ahead of schedule.
Inoculation rates, travel restrictions have been significantly reduced, and international routes or orderly liberalization by mid-2022, under this scenario, travel needs can be effectively released and robustly increased after recovery. In the case of national shipping, 1,413.8 million seats were held throughout the year 2019, with national/international/regional seats being held respectively.
11174,556.91 million seats, with international and regional seats accounting for about 20 per cent (meaning that international seats are transferred home by at least 20 per cent to the overall number of seats). In 2019, 58 per cent/42 per cent of domestic/international + regional ask, respectively, according to ask. Longer international routes, with higher overall efficiency than domestic flights, can be calculated from 19 data.
The efficiency of the launch is about twice as high as that of the domestic airline, and if the international route is transferred back home, it is about 36% of the overall capacity of the company in terms of the actual efficiency increase by 1.5%. Combined with the above analysis of the supply and demand of the airline industry, we believe that the short-term depends on the international/domestic level in terms of demand.
The pace of vaccinations, the localization of the tourism market in the medium term, the long-term macroeconomic recovery and the rise in air penetration rates. The relative excess capacity of the international transition needs to be absorbed over time from the internal air traffic market, so short-term supply and demand are under pressure, air traffic is under pressure, industry supply stops in 2022, vaccination coverage has increased significantly, international operations have resumed, and supply and demand are on the rise.
Scissors are gradually gathering until demand is slightly greater than supply, and supply and demand patterns are expected to improve continuously. p/b or v/ebitda is more suitable for the aviation industry than for the p/e, peg valuation system.The industry is characterized by high operating leverage and high financial leverage, higher depreciation amortization costs, higher profit volatility, p/e
The valuation system does not allow effective pricing in the context of industry losses and, in addition to equity returns, the aviation industry is equally concerned with returns of earnings, so that, for the Division, the p/b and the v/eibitda valuation methods excluding depreciation amortization are more practical and comparable.
We've chosen the three main shipping lines, as well as the domestic comparables of Spring Fall, Qingxiang, and Huaxia, and the international comparables of Air, United and Southwest Air. The average of the domestic aviation divisions is 2.35 pb, and the average of the three major aviation divisions in the United States is 7.44 p. The company's future point is as follows: 1) At the end of the demand, the recovery of aviation needs is short-term, though constrained by the global epidemic/vaccine spread.
In the medium term, however, domestic tourism, facilitated by the closed doors of the country during the epidemic, has become more inert, the airline industry has benefited from an accelerated increase in local tourism penetration, and we appreciate the long-term growth of China's airline industry. 2) At the supply end, during the 14th Five-Year Plank, the drivers' fleet grew by less than 6%, while the naval re-engineering constrained its expansion, the industry's supply and demand patterns are expected to improve, and the airline industry is expected to grow.
Growth is more economical when it comes to high-quality development. 3) China’s national navigational resources are superior, the base city at Beijing’s capital airport is close to 70 per cent, the highest-quality one-time resources are available, and the high-line market supply and demand imbalance companies are strong in supporting the collection of water. Ping: China’s international shipping lines are excellent, two-class passengers are relatively high, and future international routes are gradually liberalized, leading to a significant increase in public finances.
Since 2010, China Air has been pb hub, standard deviation 0.46, and the company's valuation is expected to be repaired.
China National Navigation (06-present) pb historical hub 2.49x, standard deviation 1.86. 1) is not expanding as expected and the fleet is not introduced as expected; 2) macroeconomic risks;
3) The risk of oil prices, the general absence of a fuel hedging strategy by the Department of National Aviation, and the high volatility of operating profits from oil prices; 4) the impact of sudden events such as major international disputes, wars, and terrorist attacks; and Noro has not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.