q2 shows steady growth in performance, where arithmetic needs drive long-term development Performance meets expectations and fully benefits from light communication market development \triangleright
According to the company announcement, in 2023, the company earned 2,167 million yuan in revenue from the development, design, encapsulation, testing and sale of high-end optical communication modules in the company ' s collection, providing high-speed light modules such as 100g, 200g, 400g and 800g for cloud data centre customers.
Provides high-end, holistic solutions such as a 5g forward, center and return luminous module for telecommunication equipment providers, as well as for backbone and core network transmission light modules. In the 2022 lightcounting ranking of luminous module manufacturers, Intermediary and coherent are ranked as the world ' s number one.
With regard to the operations of the main battalion, in 2023 h1, the demand for 200g and 400g in the overseas traditional cloud data centres decreased, but with the release of Chatgpt as a representative model for the generation of artificial intelligence large languages, a surge in the need for arithmetical power was created, thus driving the need for 800g light modules.
Significant growth and acceleration of the shift of light modules to products of 800 g and above, resulting from the gradual increase in the share of high-end products such as 800g and the continued reduction of efficiency gains, is expected to lead to a further increase in the Māori and net profit rates of corporate products;
In terms of project construction, the company's continued promotion of the project “Suzhou Xulight Module Operations” and of the project “Suzhou Xu Xu Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xiao Model Production Base” is expected to further enhance the production capacity of the company's high-end products, as well as the capacity to produce and supply them.
(b) In terms of business expansion, companies have continued to promote industrial investment and diversification strategies and have established full-time firms.
Si Jiangsu Jijiz Network Union Holdings Ltd., which is expected to expand the company's new business in the area of auto photovoltaics, and to bring the company's technology stock in the field of optical communications to speed up the promotion of new car photovoltaics such as car-borne optical interconnections, new generation laser radars, etc., through the market channels of Kongong Electronics and customer resources.
In our view, the start of an arms race in the one is a major boost to the need for an outbreak of computing power, light communication, a network that is an important foundation and a solid base for a network of computing power, which is expected to give further impetus to the overseas cloud giants.
As the company leads the global light module, Sinda Securities Inc., the company is expected to benefit fully from the development of the light communications market as the digital and telecommunications markets develop.
There's a lot of room for growth.
In terms of profitability, in 2023h1, the net interest rate on corporate sales was 16.16%, an increase of 4.59 pt from the same year, and the Māori sales rate for companies was 31.10%, an increase of 3.82 pt from the same year. With the further release of high-end products such as Māori 800g, the Māori ratio is expected to increase further.
The company has been focusing on the development of the light module industry, with a wide range of 10 gsfp+, 10gxfp, 25gsfp28, 40gqsfp+, 100gcfp4/qsfp28, 400gsfp/qsfp, 800gsfp/qsfp-dd800.
Type of product, capable of meeting the applications of the various scenarios, providing a PV module solution for customers in areas such as cloud computing data centres, wireless access, and transmission.
Sioux Occidental, a wholly-owned subsidiary, is dedicated to the development, design, containment, testing and sale of high-end optical communication modules, and product clothing for domestic and international customers in the fields of cloud computing data centres, data communications, 5g wireless networks, telecommunications transmissions, and fixed network access. The company focuses on technology research and development and promotes the development of products in the direction of high-speed, miniaturization, low-power, low-cost, cloud count.
High-end integrated solutions such as high-speed light modules of 100g, 200g, 400g and 800g for telecommunications equipment providers, 5g forward, center and return light modules, application of stem area networks, backbone and core network transmission light modules, and application of compact network fttx fibre-optic access optical devices, maintain a leading volume and market share within the industry
In the field of optical devices, companies are at the top of the industry in terms of product design, sealing, and production; and in light modules, companies continue to increase their input into the product line, increasing their input into the product line.
At present, companies have a more competitive advantage in autonomous R & D and engineering applications of automated production platforms, automated equipment, and the technology level of automated processes is in the forefront of the domestic industry. Companies attach great importance to R & D innovation, and the technology industry is in the lead.
In terms of continuous innovation, Xuzhou is a member of the Osfp Enterprise Industrial Union for the iee light communication module and of the iee802.3dituq2forponconversion, as well as a member of the tc6-ray device wg4 working group of the ccsa China Communications Standards Association ' s transmission network, and an association member of cfp, qsfp-ddd.
The company has a single-mode parallel optical design and precision manufacturing technology, multi-mode parallel optical design and coupling technology, high-speed electronic devices, design, simulation, testing technology, and autonomously developed a fully automated and efficient assembly test platform. The company is also taking the lead in the industry in the use of chiponboard (cob) optical device design and encapsulation technology.
On December 4, 2020, the company also launched the first 800g OSfp and qsfp-dd800 series of light modules in its ecoc 2020 online exhibition. In January 2021, the company's 200g/400gcfp2dco trunking module was singled out as “The year 2020 light.”
Communications are the most competitive products.” In 2022, 800g of self-designed silicon chips were displayed at the ofc2022 site with OSfp2*fr4 and qsfp-dd800dr8+silicon light modules. As of the end of 2023 h1, companies had cumulatively received 41 foreign patents and 294 domestic patents (including 5 patents authorized by the Hong Kong Australasia) authorizing inventions.
\triangleright \triangleright Risks of less than anticipated development of the light communication industry; risk of price volatility of raw materials; failure to develop the light module market as well as anticipated risks
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the intellectual manufacturing and cloud computing of the industrial chain, the cable and communication new energy chain, the smart car and smart power grid industrial chain, and the 5g industrial chain. He was awarded a 2022 wind “gold score, Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, condensed physics, December 2021.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.