Intermediary (300308.sz) Communications groups perform well on a seasonal basis, with high-end products leading to higher profits.
1. Mid-Creation Corporate Review: High-end Product Growth Over-expected, 2-quarter margin improvement, high-end product-led profit enhancement. First half of the year, company light module. 2. Middle-Creak Company Rating: Big-Big Profit, 800-g Product Small Volume
The increase in the proportion of high-speed light modules was driven by " Performance is higher than expected, 800g products bring growth and new dynamic - middle-class " net profit is still 24.6 per cent higher than the previous 24.6 per cent q2 performance was better than the same round, in the single quarter.
Revenues of 2,167 million yuan, or +1.14 per cent of the year, recovered positive growth; net profit returns of 364 million yuan, or +32.28 per cent of the year, were higher than in the past quarter. In addition, companies continued to fall in value terms, with all three rates falling year after year, with a combination of improvements in the Maori rate driving the overall net for the first half of the year.
In the reporting period, companies continued to expand their R & D layout for new directions, new products, 800 g and related series of products, etc., have achieved bulk delivery, and 1.6 t light and 800 g silicon have been successfully developed and developed.
During the arrival phase, the cpo (photo-containment) technology and the 3d containment technology are also being developed on an ongoing basis. In the first half of the year, the demand for the arithmetic boosted the demand for 800 g light modules and accelerated the process of upgrading to higher-speed products, such as the company ' s 800g high-end products.
A good share of the orders and the market was obtained. The company raised funds to build a high-end light-model production base in Xuzhou, which will further enhance the production capacity of high-end products and ensure that high-end light-module technology will lead to 800-g emission opportunities, with industrial synergies in diversification strategies.
Client capital spending has increased on a quarterly basis, with increasing demand for 800 g light modules. Companies have the capacity to produce 800 g light modules in bulk, with large client orders in hand, and high-end product sales are expected to improve profit structures and drive a sustained increase in the Māori rate.
The acquisition of Chongqing electronic access to market channels and customer resources will speed up the import and volume of new auto-optical products such as car-borne light, interconnection, laser radar, etc. Taking into account that overseas large factory arithmetic input will drive the 400/800g light module demand, we will go on.
Anticipated macroeconomic recession in North America; less than expected capital spending by overseas Internet producers; increased trade friction in Central America: higher competition than anticipated price declines; less than expected research and development of new products.