\triangleright net profit from non-repatriation of $583 million, an increase of 31.55% over the same period.
21.67 million yuan, or 1.14 per cent more than the previous year, 17.94 per cent more ring, $364 million net return to the mother, a significant increase in demand for the 800g light module of the company for arithmetic demand, and an improvement in product structure resulting in an increase in the Māori rate and net interest rate: 200g and 400g of the traditional data centres overseas in the first half of the year.
The drop led to a decline in the overall output of the company light module, from 4.34 million in the same period last year to 3.46 million in the first half of this year, a 20.3 per cent decline in the same year, but, on the other hand, the surge in arithmetic demand significantly boosted the growth in demand for 800g light modules, with companies pre-eminent in the 800g area, relying on industry-led technology R & D capabilities.
The market share industry leads by such advantages as strength, low-cost product manufacturing capacity, and full and reliable delivery capacity. To this end, the company ' s performance has risen significantly in the first quarter of the year, accompanied by the high-end product structure.
S-100521100003, 23h1 company light module Māori rate increased to 30.82% (+3.35 pt) and overall net interest rate increased to 16.16% (+4.59 pt). We believe that the future will be accompanied by further release of 800g light module.
The company’s profitability is expected to continue its upward trend.
\triangleright continues to be hot, as evidenced directly by the high growth in revenue from data center operations as reflected in the British Weida financial report. At the same time, downstream cloud giants (Google, Microsoft, Meta, Amazon) have also highlighted the need for capital spending.
We believe that the demand for high-end light modules is expected to be maintained and 1. Intermediary (300308.sz) companies are expected to continue to reap the benefits of rapid growth. In the front line of 1.6 t, companies are also now focusing on the need for high-end light modules.
The acquisition of extended auto field layouts, further opening up the growth space - client development, which is expected to take place next year to allow the company to continue to grasp the pre-existing advantages of high-end light modules.
Change in the use of funds for projects to continuously optimize the efficiency of the use of funds: announcement issued by the company on 27 August, \triangleright 23-year Quarterly Review: Performance exceeded expectations and product structure was excellent
Given the relatively large reduction in the price of high-speed pon products and the Maori rate in the country, which in turn has had an impact on the performance of subsidiaries in attaining a higher level of profitability driven by the graduation of their subsidiaries - 2023/05/08, and taking into account factors such as the lower than expected delivery of 10g products, the company proposes to “share up”
3. Performance forecast for 2022 of the mid-term Xinjiang (300308.sz)
On 30 June 23, the balance of unexpended fund-raising funds stood at $242 million. We believe that this would help companies to further optimize the efficiency of the use of funds and provide adequate reserves for the future development of other operations.
Investment proposal: taking into account the fact that the i ' i ' s continuing hot future is expected to pull up the 800g high end luminous light module: The high view of overseas numbers remains, corporate performance is over-expected -2 taps, maintaining the leading edge and share of the segmented market in the luminous modules, and the future is expected to benefit fully
\triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.