The quality of the collection continues to improve, and the light module is growing high - 1 h23-yearly review.
A steady increase in the quality of 1h23 battalions and a gradual increase in the import of new products is evident: the company issued 1h23 periodic reports, and in the first half of 2023 it achieved $4.04 billion in revenues, with the same decrease in the quality of the 1h23 company collection due to the fact that the company ' s products are in an iterative process, although the production is received.
While there is a short-term pressure, such as the replacement of products, the growth in the share of high Maori products, leading to an overall increase in profits, has initially shown its effectiveness, and as the share of future 800g products increases further, high Maori products will release companies to long-term growth.
Increased speed of ai-guiding module and continued high-moric product boosts corporate collection quality: light module is currently in a replacement cycle, as 400 g-light module products reach maturity, and high-moric 800g-light, etc., are in the process of being imported gradually, with 800g
Products such as light modules are gradually imported, and companies, as industry leaders, are expected to benefit from the upgrading process as a priority. We believe that, with the catalytic effects of the ai and the macro-economic impact of the East and West, the country has a relatively deep 300-percent performance.
Cloud manufacturers are expected to move from 100g to 200g, 400g and 800g velocity light modules, while overseas cloud producers, despite adjustments in overall capital spending, have maintained a high rate of growth, benefiting 800g in the chain of industry, and should be able to develop as the ai evolves and innovates.
With this, it is expected that high Māori products will be imported more quickly and that the quality of the company’s revenues will be boosted. Research and development costs will continue to rise, looking at the company’s long-term development and maintaining a “growth” rating of the company: the improvement in the quality of the 1h23 company’s revenues is largely due to the continued release of the new high Māori products as the sea rises.
The constant input and updated guidance of foreign cloud producers and hardware manufacturers, we believe that companies, as industry leaders, will continue to increase the volume rate of new products in the second half of 2023, thus promising further advances in cutting-edge technologies such as light modules, long-term growth and opening up new market space.
Taking into account the company's leading business position and its core technological competitiveness, maintain the “recommend” to the company (300308.sz): 23q1 perform beyond expectations, watch high-speed lighting models. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Eight years of China’s research on mobile communications and six years of securities experience.