800g is consistently released, profitability is rising steadily, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre has improved its product structure, and the share of high-end products has increased its profitability. 23h1 benefits from a catalytic, arithmetic capacity.
There was a surge in the number of large downstream customers plus singles, and the demand for high-end light modules showed an explosion. The company’s 800g light-mode block was released in significant quantities, and the company’s average income/net profit ratio increased. From the asp angle: the company light-module complex was raised from $942 to $1134.9.
The company’s 800g high-end light module has been increasing, leading to an increase in the Māori ratio of H1-related operations by 3.6 to 30.4 per cent.
The overall cost rate of 23h1 has been reduced by 2.1 pp for the whole period, and the sales/management/financial rate has been increased by interest income on bank deposits and exchange rate gains respectively. The overall rate of cost reduction has been combined with an improvement in the Māori rate, which has led to a net interest rate rise to 16.2% for companies, which is higher than +4.6 pp for both Māori and net interest rates for the second half of the year.
800g continues to add up to 400 g to the heat, and the growth of the performance ring continues. Qai maintains a high profile, and the demand for high-end light modules is sustainable. In the context of the enormity of its construction, the North American cloud producers have said last month that they will focus on building arithmetic-related infrastructure and that the light module is expected to continue to benefit.
Twenty-four years of industry demand is clear, and in 25 years, spring and cloud computing firms have moved into the 400g-800g product upgrade, and have made small bulk deliveries, leading the industry, with the prospect of a higher premium on the new product cycle, opening up the space for work. In terms of capacity, copper mausoleums, Suzhou, and overseas are moving in an orderly way to build 800g capacity.
Meso-Zone (300308); overperformance, 800g product/laser radar release is imminent (2023-02-01)
Trend is strong (2022-11-02) 4. Intermediary (300308). Global light module is excellent.
(2022-09-22) High-speed light module operations: 800g demand has increased in an explosive fashion in the context of an arms race. The company gained a leading global share earlier in its high-speed production profile, building on opportunities for industrial upgrading to build up production. The company is expected to have a pre-existing advantage in 2023-2025.
High-speed light module sales increased by 40 per cent, 86.7 per cent, and 51.7 per cent. Based on the annual downward trend in light module products, the price compound increased by light components and other operations: core devices produced by Chengdu Han with fixed net access to the pon light module, wireless access to the 5g light module, whose demand will benefit from the growth in market demand for telecommunications access to light modules.
The sales of the company's light component have remained stable, with prices increasing at a rate of -10 per cent, and the Māori rate at a rate of about 13 per cent. Multiplier.aigc catalysed significantly, the company's leadership is strong, orders are strong, orders are adequate, business is maintained, and a “holding” rating is maintained.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.