I've been working on the inter-middle clairvoyant (300308.sz) inter-district operation.
In the first half of the year, performance exceeded expectations, and the 800g light module high demand logic continued to be validated, leading to a rapid increase in profitability in the first half of the year: the combined net profit of the Division is expected to be about $64 million in the first half of the year. We believe that the company ' s performance is slightly over-expected, benefiting mainly from 2023.
Since then, the surge in the need for arithmetic, driven by the creation of a large-language model of artificial intelligence, has triggered a significant increase in demand for communications products, including the light module, which has grown at a speed of 800 g and above. During the reporting period, it benefited from a high end of 800 g.
Gradual increase in the share of product exports and continued reduction of efficiency gains, continued validation of the company ' s Māori ratio, net profit of 800 g light module product demand logic, and continued sustainability of the company ' s Māori ratio in the future: we believe that the high demand logic of the 800g light module in the first half of the year was confirmed, and the company ' s 800g
The product mix is increasing fast-disbursing and high-speed product ratios, leading to a sustained increase in the combined Māori ratio.
Performance is expected to increase on a par with expectations, and the market’s previously heard news of 800g plus one is confirmed on the side. It is expected that the future 800g light module will remain a strong demand and that the price of the product will probably remain high over the next two years, and that the rate of the 800g Māori product will continue to be high.
The company, as the global leader of the 800g light module, is expected to perform fast in the next two years of the era. At the same time, the company expects to deliver a small volume of 1.6t light module in the second half of 2024.
In 2025, production is expected to be achieved, with priority being given to the needs of the one side. The advantage is evident from the company’s joint research and development with its head customers. The future 1.6 t light module is expected to relay 800 g light, driving the company’s medium- and long-term business.
From 2012 to 2018, the numeracy needs of training ai increased by 300,000 times, and the emergence of large models has accelerated the demand for training numeracy, which is 10 to 100 times greater than before, and will become widespread with aigc.
The demand for the domain is higher than expected, and the company expects that the high-speed light module, especially the 800g new product, will grow further over the next few quarters, which will further boost this year’s growth in revenue and profitability. We believe that the i market’s rigid demand for global computing, and the policy push to push domestic computing ahead of expectations.
The construction needs will both meet the expectations of the previous market for the macroeconomic recession abroad and concerns about the downward adjustment of capital spending by overseas cloud producers. The company 800g light module and the future 1.6t light module product will either become a collection over the next two to three years against the backdrop of global computing demands.
Profit forecasting: the 800g revolution brought about by the ai continues to outpace expectations and the industry is expected to be at risk over the next two years;3 and overseas cloud producers have less capital spending than expected.
This report was prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or re-issued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may use or use this report prior to receipt of the report or on the basis of information or research recommended by the House. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will change before notification. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report is  with the opinion or the position, or it will be bought, sold or offered for the certificate described in the report.