Monowatt profits have continued to rise, with Topcon entering the harvest period, an increase of 132.4% over the same period; of this amount, q3 is net profit of 771 million yuan, and q3 growth is sustained by a growth rate of q3 that has been affected by electricity restrictions, upswing year-round expectations.
Some 29.8gw, of which the components are about 28.5gw, the components are about 10.29gw in three quarters (of which the n-topcon is about 3gw), and the Sichuan base is affected by electricity restrictions, earthquakes, etc.
A slight increase in the ring ratio was achieved in the context of output. A combination of q4 pull-up of domestic power stations and silicon acceleration 2022a2a2.
202212 q3. The performance of q1 is slightly over-expected, single-watt profits continue to raise topcon's share of the stock to upgrade + integrated layout, and profitability continues to increase. The company's q3 component unit earns $0.075/w, and the ring ratio is still significant after excluding exchange gains and losses and impairment effects
Taking into account the impact of power restrictions on production and costs, the company ' s single-watt profit increases are due mainly to Topcon 4. "The old component leads to a performance bump, returns to the market.
Again-Crystal Energy Depth Report, the design capacity of the pieces and components amounts to 65/55/70gw, increasing cost competitiveness on a continuous basis. Topcon layout is a full-scale lead, with overprofit contributions entering the harvest period.
Overall lead industry in R & D and in volume production, 1) efficiency: N-topcon battery volume conversion averaged more than 25% efficiency and still increasing efficiency, up-to-date laboratory efficiency 26.1%, size: currently the company topcon battery capacity phase 16gw is fully operational and phase II 19gw is in
Based on the power gain of the company ' s n-type product over the perc component and the actual domestic and foreign sales prices, the empirical data are abundant, and it is expected that the N-type will maintain a sales premium of around 0.1/w, with the company planning to produce the N-type component for 23 years.
Uwentian will be 60%, driving the company to achieve a larger excess profit in a tight supply environment. Based on our latest judgment on demand and the profitability of the company’s components, fine-tuning the company’s 22-year net profit.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment