The company issued three-quarterly reports in 2022, showing a 132 per cent increase in performance in the previous three quarters; and there was a rapid increase in the output of the company's components.
Long, topcon battery industrialization progresses fast, integrated production capacity continues to expand; and growth ratings are maintained. 132% increase in earnings in the first three quarters over the previous three quarters: companies issue three-quarter reports in 2022, and the first three quarters achieve a total output of about 29.8gw of silicon, batteries, and components, with the output of the components estimated to be around 29.8gw
28.5gw, component delivery equals an increase of 91.50 per cent. The projected output of 2022q4 from the company is 13-15gw and the topcon battery output is moving fast. Battery efficiency continues to break: as of 2022q3, the company n topcon battery capacity in phase 16gw was fully produced and the volume conversion efficiency in phase II was 25 per cent.
In terms of technology research and development, the Institute of Corporate Studies has taken the lead in the development of a number of advanced technologies for large scales, such as the lack of interfaces, high-expect multi-crystal silicon membrane and the super fine gold on the basis of laser selective delivery pole technology (se), advanced electrodes, and self-developed hot-efficient packages.
A number of innovations and material optimizations, such as battery process technology, achieved a 26.1 per cent conversion efficiency and a major breakthrough in the conversion efficiency of the n-topcon battery. Billion dollars were used to build the 11gw high-efficiency battery project, the 16gw assembly production project and the 10gw annual product.
As the demand for component markets, especially efficient n-type products, grows, companies will continue to optimize their integrated production structures. By the end of 2022, the production of silicon, battery, and assembly components is expected to be 65gw, 55gw, and 70gw, respectively.
Under current equity, combined with three-quarterly corporate reporting, new technological advances in relation to supply and demand in the industry, we will compete for higher than anticipated prices; the risk of friction in international trade; lower than expected material costs; technology risks; photovoltaic policy risks; exchange rate change risks; and the impact of the new crown epidemic is higher than expected.
Crystal Energy: Component Lead, Topcon Battery Production, Silver and Silver International Securities Inc.