Postal Bank (601658): Uninterested earnings are bright, and the effect of the adjustment of the savings agent rate is evident: the Bank previously published its annual report for 2025. In the first half of the year, the company achieved $1.794.446 billion in operating income, which continued to grow faster for public credit, and financial investment slowed down slightly. q2 Postal Bank loans continued to grow at a modest rate.
On the structural side, there is a high degree of innovation in the new size of public and private loans, mainly due to increased corporate lending in the areas of advanced manufacturing, green gold, finance, technology and inclusive finance; the discounting of instruments is slightly lower than in the same period last year. The personal lending table is weak, mainly because consumption and housing demand are still weak. Financial investment continues to fall at an increasing rate, and government debt is softened.
q3 government bonds remain strong, but credit is weak, and corporate assets are growing faster or slowing down with the industry. q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 bank deposits have slowed slightly by the impact of individual deposits, consistent with industry characteristics of a slowdown in personal credit derivatives and a reduction in deposit margins on a periodic basis.
- Interest differentials are more affected by heavy pricing, and simultaneous interest-rate cuts are expected to relieve pressure on interest differentials. q2 single-season interest differentials are 1.69%, with 2bps below ring, down 21bps from year to year, reflecting the impact of heavy pricing. At the end of the asset, the calculated interest-bearing rate is 2.88%, down approximately 44bps from year to year: on the one hand, reflecting the re-pricing effect of lower interest rates on lpr and stock housing loans in the second half of 2024, on the other hand
In addition to the increase in the share of low-rate coupons in the bond portfolio as a result of the relatively strong issuance of government debt and lower interest rates in recent years, the fall in lpr in May also led to a decline in interest rates on some stock loans and new loans. At the end of the debt, the rate of 1.21% of the estimated interest payments increased to about 26bps, mainly because of the continuing effect of multiple rounds of savings.
In May, one year and five years, the Postal Bank (601658): the non-interest income statement Ipr fell by 10 bps each, and the company ' s interest rate on deposit fell by 5 to 25 bps for different periods of time.
Better now, the interest-records are softening interest differential pressure, and the pressure cools down. It is expected that if lpr falls further, the pace of the loan connection will continue and the pressure of the difference will be manageable.
There has been a marked improvement in fees and commission revenues, and there has been a sharp increase in investment returns.
Postal Bank (601658): Good cost of liabilities and better growth; on the other hand, last year's surrogate insurance revenue was diluted in “reports-on-one”, retained in agent income, and the savings agent cost reduction effect was reflected in -
It helps companies to seize market opportunities, accelerate the flow of assets, such as debt instruments, instruments, and other instruments, to make good part of the surplus in due course, while continuously increasing investment in equity investment funds and increasing returns on investment, such as purchase and purchase price differentials and dividends. q3 debt markets are weak, and corporate investment gains + fair impairments change or are negatively affected.
As a result of the macro-environmental impact, there has been a slight increase in the non-performing rate of individual loans; there has been a steady decline in the poor rate of corporate lending. q2 PSBs continue to show a slight increase in poor and concern rates, which are still due to the increased risk of micro-credit, consumer loans and housing mortgages, in line with weak corporate and residential employment and income pressures.
For the public sector, the poor rates in the rental and commercial services sectors, real estate, etc., have continued to decline, providing a sound asset quality base, and increasing and decreasing the negative rates in the wholesale and retail trades and manufacturing industries. The effect of the adjustment of the savings agent rate has been shown, and the provision has remained strong.
On the basis of the proxy savings deposit in 2023, the adjusted combined rate was reduced to 1.08 per cent, with management costs moving away from the previous (2021) q3 as the base was lowered or narrowed. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
At a historically low level, the company's “growth” rating is maintained.
Figure 3 Size of additional deposits at the q2 Postal Bank, in billions of yuan, 1-quarter interest differentials and changes in year-on-year ratios at the 4 Postal Bank, right-hand axis units: bps 5 measuring the repricing of deposits at the Postal Bank to a greater extent than the loan-heavy impact units: bps (left axis), % (right-hand axis)
Figure 6 Size of deposit bank charges and commission revenue in the first half of the calendar year, in billions of yuan, in figures 7 and 7 for bad bank rates, concern and overdue rate, in %, in %, in %, in %, in %, in %
Figure 9 Repository banks ' poor performance rates in the main sectors of public loans, in %, appendix: forecast values of three major statements, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.