The researchchand developmentcenter one, the layout of the whole industry chain, opening a new journey.
In the 20th of June 2023, the whole industry chain of layouts opened a new journey.
The logic of competitiveness and long-term growth in the communications core of the Middle East lies in the continuous realization of the value of the power of technology research and development in new applications, i.e., in the era of the digital economy, the ability of research and development to deepen its numeracy.
China Communications (000063) All-industry chain layout, with second-curve operations expected to be a strong growth engine in the future. In the first quarter of 2023, in a telecommunications, electronics, media and computer section, companies are engaged in research and development.
First, over the last 10 years, companies have invested more than $130 billion in research and development, and high levels of research and development have created strong technological power. When the ie accelerates the era of high-calculation, the company will be able to develop power in chips, servers, switches, liquid cold technology, software algorithms, databases, etc.
The second curve is more than 40% longer than in the first quarter of 2023, and the second curve is expected to harden the firm’s long-term growth base. Companies have a strong chip design and development capability, and self-researching chips build core barriers.
Almost 30 years of research and development on chipes have accumulated, with industry leading chip full-process design capability, 7nm self-research chip commercialized and massed in 2019, and the next 5nm chip is being imported.
Substitution of core self-research chips on the product, with high-end digitized products fully supporting self-research cpu; self-research dpu using chiplet technology to build a combination of cpu+gpu+dpu isomers.
The second curve, represented by arithmetic products, is highly competitive, and enabling companies grow in the long term in the digital economy. In the case of servers, server harvests have taken place in almost three years.
A larger increase, with server share ranked first in the overall operator market by the end of 2022, with the recent January increase or decline (%) in the Chinese server market, where companies launched the g5 series in 2023.
The launch of the ai server in support of chhatgpt is expected by the end of the year; in 2023, the share of the circulationa unit (%) is expected to double the rate of the operator ' s data centre switch collection; in the case of high-end routers, nearly 3 years and 3 years
Big operators have made a breakthrough and their share has grown rapidly; in algorithms, the adlik package has been launched in conjunction with Intel, and the Google, Meta, 100-degree deep learning library has been connected to the adlik architecture; in liquid cooling, the ict full liquid cold solution has been rolled out, and the g5 server has been supported
Jiang Ying, a variety of cool-plate liquid cold programs, pue can be reduced to 1.15; in the database, full self-research practice number: s50052100002
Goldendb's distributed financial database, constantly breaking through multiple bank clients, supporting the bank's core for more than four years. The company has also made steady breakthroughs in automobiles, consumer electronics, etc., with the company launching its first car code based on a fully self-researched chip platform in the country.
5gr16zm9300 module, applied to the terminal platforming project for vehicle communications, developed autonomously by the Institute of Wide Aerobics, with the first vehicle-car type expected to produce in 2024.
Capability, enabling the spillover of basic capabilities to increase digital economy applications, promising to open up the company's second-in-a-brain car, many of its operations on a continuous basis - the Smartnet Car Series (1), 2021.3.21
Sinda Securities Inc. maintains a “buy-in” rating of $30.57 billion corresponding to the target.
Risk factors: 5g is not built as expected; computing infrastructure is not built as expected; and the competitiveness and long-term growth logic of central communications in China and the United States lies in the continuing value of strong technology R & D power in new applications.
In the era of i-digital economy, where R & D was able to deepen the calculus of the whole industry, second-curve business is expected to be a powerful engine of growth in the future. In the first quarter of 2023, companies ranked first in a portfolio of electronics, communications, media, and computers, and in the last 10 years, companies have accumulated over $130 billion in R & D, and high R & D investments have shaped strong technological power.
At the dawn of an era of accelerated arithmetic, the company has developed the power of a fully arithmetic industrial chain of chip, server, switchboard, liquid cold technology, software algorithms, databases, etc., with a second curve of innovation generating more than 40 percent of business income in the first quarter of 2023, and the second curve is expected to harden the firm’s long-term growth base.
Research and development has accumulated over the years, with industry leading chip full-process design capabilities, 7nm self-research chips are commercial and present-scale in 2019, and the next generation of 5nm chips is being imported. Companies have replaced core self-research chips with wireless equipment, network equipment, fixed-net access equipment, etc.
Research on dpu, which builds the cpu+gpu+dpu isomer algorithm mix. The Māori ratio of self-researched chip loading, among others, increased from 31.6% in 2020 to 37.2% in 2022, and Māori in the first quarter of 2023 to 44.5% in 2023, and is expected to continue to grow in the long term.
The second curve, represented by arithmetic products, is highly competitive, and aid companies have grown in the long run in the digital economy. With regard to servers, they have grown considerably over the last three years. By the end of 2022, the server share had been ranked first in the overall market of operators, fifth in the Chinese server market, and the company had launched the g5 series in 2023.
Servers, which have now worked with 100 degrees to customize the numeric base for "One Word", the company is expected to launch a dai server in support of chhatgpt by the end of 2023; in exchange for the 2023 operator data centre switch collection is expected to double; in the case of high-end routers, the three major operators have made a breakthrough and their share has grown rapidly in the last three years; in the case of algorithms, with the United Kingdom
In the context of the database, the Goldendb distributed financial database has been developed on a self-researched basis, breaking through multiple bank clients to support bank verification.
In addition, companies continue to make breakthroughs in auto electronics, consumer electronics, etc., and the company has launched the country’s first fully self-researched chip-based 5-gr16zm9300 module, which has been applied to the auto-based communications terminal platforming project, developed autonomously by the Institute of Aerobics, with the first vehicle-car-loading model expected to produce in 2024.
In the digital economy age, companies moved into strategic development beyond one, with the first curve firmly in place, and the second curve accelerated and newer communications was the leading global provider of integrated communications and information technology solutions.
And regions, with complete, end-to-end products and integration solutions for the ict industry, a full range of products such as Wireless, Wireless, Cloud Calculus, Terminals, a combination of design, development, production, marketing, services, etc., with an operational focus on the three main components of “Operator Networks, Government Businesses, Consumer Business”. In 2018, the company developed a recovery period (2018-2019).
In conjunction with the digital transition wave, the company proposed a strategic framework model of “1-2-3” and planned “1 base, 2 curves, 3 phases”: “1 base: the company has built a complete and autonomous digital base with a global network, cloud products, and a core dedicated core core core core chip of autonomous R & D that combines experience and efficiency.
(b) “2 curves”: the first curve consists mainly of traditional circulatory operations, consisting of wireless access, cable access, core networks, carrier networks, etc. The second curve consists mainly of growth represented by t, digital energy, smart terminals, automobile electronics, and industry digitalization.
“Phase 3: The company has planned its development phase around the technological life cycle of its communications products and is now at the end of the year with a steady growth in its first-curve operations, with its 5g base station, 5g core network, 200g light transmission port delivery in 2022 being the second highest in the world and its income rising to the second highest in the world.
The company’s second-curve business, which is represented by “server and storage, 5g industry applications, auto-electronics, digital energy, smart households, etc., is growing rapidly. The industry expects the 6g import period to start around 2028, and we judge that the company is expected to move into a new strategic cycle.
The company's operations focus mainly on the three main segments of the “operator network, government business, consumer business” and, in the digital economy, over generations, as operators invest heavily in arithmetic networks and digital economy applications such as generation ai, we judge that the company's operations are expected to enter a new cycle of growth.
1) Operator network operations: for the operator ' s traditional network, the products include wireless products such as 5g base stations, 5g core networks, and cable products such as fixed network access, light transmission, routers, etc.; for the operator ' s cloud network operations, including servers and storage, switchboards, chips, operating systems, video mediums, data centres, etc.;
2) Businesses in governance: the company has a 5-g-centric cloud net base that provides arithmetic support for universal servers, gpu servers, information technology servers and storage products, building enterprise digital platforms based on the Digital Nebula platform; providing a goldendb distributed financial database for financial clients; and, in digital energy, the company provides a full-module data centre and micromodules
(c) Consumer operations: companies focus on smart cellular products, with a product strategy of 1+2+n, which revolves around personal data (e.g., smart watches, headphones, sound boxes, etc.) and household data (routing, cameras, etc.) in two main directions:
The company has been facing difficulties following trade frictions between China and the United States, and has now fully resumed its operations and improved the quality of its operations.
In March 2016, the company and its subsidiaries, Xinxi Iran, were added to the list of entities by the United States Department of Commerce's Industrial and Security Service (hereinafter referred to as “bis”), then in March 2017, the company and Bis, the United States Department of Justice (Doj) and the United States Department of the Treasury.
The Overseas Asset Management Office (OFAC) reached a settlement agreement and paid a total fine of $892 million. At the same time, Bis suspended a seven-year refusal order. In April 2018, the company was affected by an activation refusal order and its operations were restricted, and in June 2018 an alternative settlement agreement was concluded with Bis, paying a fine of $1 billion and suspending an additional fine of $400 million.
The company and its subsidiaries were removed from the Export Ban List. After the incident, the company was actively restructured, production quickly resumed, the former board members and the management involved resigned, and the compliance coordinator was hired to ensure compliance and actively guard against supply chain risks.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company’s share of the market for the first curve was gradually increasing, with the second curve operating servers and storage, idc, etc.
The data centre switch product is fast-growing, and the digital nebula platform, combined with the 5g network, continues to enable multiple applications such as intelligent manufacturing, transportation, low-carbon parks, etc. Business and consumer operations and the operator cloud network business, as the second growth curve of the company, have grown faster overall in recent years.
By 2023, q1, the company’s second-curve innovation business had grown by more than 40% on a year-on-year basis. The company had the full range of end-to-end products and solutions in the ict industry, which, along with the rapid growth of the digital economy and artificial intelligence, was expected to benefit the company in depth.
In the long run, driven by the second growth curve, we believe that the company is running a quality business or will become a network of operators (billion yuan) and a consumer business (billion yuan) and a business (billion yuan) is running a business.
The market is concerned that the slowdown in construction of 5g has led to a downward trend in the firm's largest revenue-earning business, thus affecting overall performance, and we believe that there is a certain perception of poor market expectations, and we judge that the operator's business is expected to grow steadily over the next few years, while the company has a complete numeric product layout, driven by digital economy applications such as the one in which the company uses chips and suits.
So over the next few years, we'll be judging corporate performance why we're judging that the operator's business will continue to grow steadily? First, in terms of the international and foreign dimensions of operations: in the subregion, domestic and international revenues are growing steadily, and domestic revenues are growing faster.
In the international market: 5g construction lags behind the domestic level, leading to faster growth of the company's wireless business 5g networking process abroad generally lags behind the domestic level. In the case of wireless products, companies focus on the big network of large countries, seizing the opportunities of 5g offshore to build and modernize 4g, and the harvest is expected to continue to grow: in the case of cable products, companies capture the lights of the overseas world.
There is a prospect of sustained release of copper, fixed net access to fibre-optic products and home broadband products, and according to the company ' s 2022 report, the Department has joined forces with mainstream operators to build several 5g demonstration networks in Spain, Austria, Italy and Thailand, and the international market is expected to grow faster.
2. Domestic market: 5g construction in the country is expected to increase + wireless, the share of fixed grids is expected to increase + the operator ' s high-intelligence network, or will lead to steady growth in operator operations 1) 5g construction in the country is expected to be exceeded: by the end of 2022, there were 6.03 million base stations in the country ' s 4g stock, up to 2023
At the end of the year, the country had 16.37 base stations per 10,000 people, and there was still some room for building 26 base stations per 10,000 population of 5 g by 2025, in addition to some old 4g stations and low-frequency base stations that needed to be upgraded.
According to data from the Ministry of Information and Technology, by 2023, the country had built up 5 g base stations in excess of 2.64 million stations, and in the first quarter of 2023 we calculated that 5 g base stations had been built in excess of 328,000 new stations: by the end of May 2023, China ' s mobile collectibles plus (the cumulative opening of 5g base stations in 2023 was expected to be 16.45 million stations, with 360,000 new stations built throughout the year), and 5g base stations were built in rhythm.
It is hoped that communications will be maintained as the mainstream provider of global wireless equipment, and that in the wave of building 5g base stations in the country, we believe that companies will continue to benefit.) The share of wireless products is expected to rise: with the continued construction of 5g base stations, and the year-on-year decline of the shares of Nokia and Ericsson.
The market share of the company ' s domestic wireless product business is expected to grow steadily, and product profitability may or will increase as a result of soft market competition. By 2022, the company ' s 5g base station and its 5g core network were the second largest in the world; 3) the share of sequestered products is expected to rise: domestic light access has evolved from 10 gpon to 50 gpon, and companies are on the line.
In the field of entry, 50 gpon, industry has taken the lead in the field of light transmission by launching 400 gqpsk singleboards to continuously improve the competitiveness of products, and market shares are expected to continue to rise. According to the company ' s official microscopic signal, in 2022, the company light transmits 200g port with the second highest volume of shipments worldwide in 2022; and in 2022, its revenues rose to the second highest in the world.
4) The network of major players offers new opportunities for companies: according to the annual reading conference of the three major operators in 2022, the combined capital expenditure of the three operators in 2023 is expected to be $35,91 million, an increase of 2.04 per cent. The investments of each operator in the network have remained at a rate of more than 20 per cent. The company is a core partner in the products of the operator server, switchboard, etc.
At the same time that operators are growing steadily, we judge that corporate governance is expected to grow rapidly, mainly thanks to the development of digital economy applications such as the one, where companies have complete product chains such as chips, servers and storage, switchboards, adlikai algorithms, and are expected to capture the development dividends of the digital economy era and start a new round of growth.
In 2023, the company launched the G5 series of servers, with an index-level increase over the last three years. By the end of 2022, the server share was ranked first in the domestic operator market and fifth in the domestic server market, with a faster increase in the share; and a self-research chip data centre exchange.
The company, at its mid-2023 summit, stated that the compound growth rate for domestic companies had exceeded 30% in the last three years, that the target for domestic companies in 2023 was 40% loss, and that, after a settlement with bis, the company paid $1 billion in fines, resulting in a sharp fall in net interest rates.
Production has returned to normal, with a significant increase in the turnover of the operator ' s business as a result of the 4g network expansion, the start-up of the 5g network, and a significant increase in both the Māori rate and the net interest rate. The increase in corporate Māori rates and net interest rates is due mainly to the acceleration of the I-5g network development process and the slower competition in the market.
And, with the declining share of foreign manufacturers Ericsson, Nokia and the increased market share of the superimposed companies and the impact of scale, the Māori ratio of the business industry is constantly being optimized: second, the company has a strong chip design and development capability, the 7nm self-research chip was commercialized and massed in 2019, the next generation of 5 nm chips is being imported, the base stations, routers, etc., are the core core product cores are being imported.
Self-research, product cost structure optimized, product Māori rate increased steadily, and, thirdly, product marketing structure changed, the public administration introduced multiple new products in the field of netting and light transmission, and Māori ratio structure optimized.
(c) Consumers. Corporate indebtedness continues to decline, reflecting good risk management capacity, overall asset turnover and net interest rates on sales.
In 2022, the company achieved a net asset return of 13.78 per cent, an asset liability rate of 67.09 per cent and a total asset turnover rate of 0.70 times. We believe that the firm ' s net asset rate of return continues to rise steadily, reflecting the company ' s excellent profitability and strong operating power, while maintaining a declining liability rate.
3. Continuing high levels of R & D inputs, construction of technology moats, high priority for R & D inputs, annual increases in R & D costs, rising R & D rates, slightly lower than China ' s 2022 R & D investments in the electronics, communications, media and computer plates, ranked second in the first quarter of 2023
The company continues to invest in such technical areas as 5 g-related products, chips, servers and storage, innovative business (audio electrons, digital energy, intelligence, home, etc.) and constantly tightens down down technologies such as algorithms, architecture, operating systems, chips, so as to improve the competitiveness of products, and lock in technology to protect the city. In the area of chips, the company has accumulated research and development for nearly 30 years, and is already leading the industry.
In the area of databases, in 2022, companies published an annual version of the autonomously developed distributed database, Goldendbv7.0; in the area of operating systems, companies have over 20 years of autonomous R & D experience, systems are at the forefront of industry in real time, reliability and safety, and products are widely used in multiple industries, with a cumulative shipment of more than 200 million packages.
As of December 2022, the company had about 85,000 global patent applications, and the cumulative global patent authorization of about 43,000 patents over the years.