\triangleright \triangleright
The company’s product structure continues to be optimized, with a high volume of profits.
4.7 per cent and 0.4 per cent, sales of 49,000 and 60 million tons of aluminum products were reduced by 9.2 per cent and 9.0 per cent, respectively, by $826 and $5078 per ton, respectively.
Corporate q4 performance declined, mainly because of the apparent increase in power coal prices since the third quarter, and the company ' s own power plant, 1. The South Mountain aluminium industry, which has been subject to rising costs of cost bearing, has suffered a loss of profits.
Without changing its performance, the price rises to record best profit point in the future: 1) The market for new energy cars is growing fast, with a light quantitative acceleration. "In the context of the "double carbon" scenario, the new energy \triangleright
The rapid growth of the source-car market, while vehicle energy consumption requirements, will also accelerate the process of light quantification of conventional fuel vehicles, with high demand for motor panels and power cells. 2) High-end cold roller capacity continues to release and product structure optimizes. The company’s 200,000 tons of motor panels and 21,000 tons of power-cell capacity is on the slope, supply continues to rise, and high-performance production continues.
The stock ratio continues to rise, the profitability of the company has increased, and a further 200,000 tons of motor board energy are projected to be produced in 2023, with a doubling of production capacity. 3) The Indonesian aluminium oxide project is expected to increase by $480 million from the mother ' s net profit. In India, the company is currently in full production, and a further 2 million tons are expected to be produced in 2023.
By that time, the Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia is expected to increase its net profit from the mother by $480 million. 4) The external and internal price differentials have increased, the export performance has increased further, the price of lme aluminium has risen significantly, the internal and external price differentials have widened, the company ' s export revenue in 2021 was 32.7 per cent, the overseas product is expected to increase its export profit by using the lme aluminum + processing fee model.
Investment proposal: Performance may continue to increase as company remobilization plates and aluminium oxide projects land. \triangleright 1 incident: company annual report 2021
The company published its annual report 2021. In 2021, the company achieved a revenue of $28,725 million, a year-on-year increase of 2.12021: productive capacity is constantly released, product volumes are rising, and the rolls contribute 60.7 per cent of the revenue and 84.5 per cent of the Māori.
Upstream products are largely self-supplied, with final sales dominated by cold rolls, and production is growing gradually, with a rising performance ratio. In 2021, companies collected $17.31 billion, an increase of 38.4 per cent, or 60.7 per cent, of the total, contributing $4.62 billion, an increase of 44.6 per cent, or 84.5 per cent, of the total, and aluminum materials.
The company operates from upstream aluminium oxide, anode, electrolytic aluminium, downstream aluminium boiling and boarding. In 2021, the company's project was steadily moving forward, with many projects coming into production, in May, with a first phase of aluminium oxide in Indonesia, reaching production in September, and in October, with 21,000 tons.
High-performance aluminum has been put into production and, as the capacity of the project has climbed, corporate output has risen steadily, with a 4.7 per cent and a 0.4 per cent increase in sales of 4.7 and 9.0 per cent respectively in 2021 for the company ' s cold rolls/boards and 190.000 tons, respectively, representing a 9.2 per cent and 9.0 per cent reduction in sales of the same volume.
In terms of profits, the company increased the share of high-end products. The company was active in setting up high-end products, with the product structure optimized and profitability enhanced. Ton profits, the company increased the share by $500 in 2021 by a cold ton of M$5981, or the same amount. In terms of Māori, the company increased the overall Māori ratio by 24.6 per cent, or 0.9 pt;
Aluminium prices rose significantly in 2021, company Māori rates continued to rise, high-end Māori contributions were greater, and product restructuring had a significant effect, with company high-end sales accounting for 12.66 per cent in 2021, an increase of 6.66 ptt and Māori accounting for 19.89 per cent of corporate aluminium products, an increase of 6.62 ptt in the same year.
2.20221q4 Performance: The significant increase in the price of powered coal has driven profits q4 corporate performance down, mainly because of the marked increase in the price of powered coal since the third quarter, the rise in the company ' s own power plant, the drag on profits and the fact that the company ' s Māori rate began to decline in the third quarter.
Three fee rate ring increases by 0.4 pct. At cost rates, the sales rate of 2021q4 fell by 88.2% and the R & D rate decreased by 4.9 pct.
Downstream demand remained high. In 2021, as the epidemic subsided, the domestic and foreign economy recovered, demand became stronger, with the country selling 2.625 million vehicles, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the previous year, and the market began to recover. Corporate operations abroad were relatively high, with exports of aluminium in 2021 and exports of 5.62 million tons of aluminium in the country.
The increase of 15.6% over the same year was due mainly to a strong recovery in overseas demand, widening internal and external price differentials, higher export profits, continued high growth in new energy vehicles, and a slight quantitative boost in demand. In a double carbon context, the penetration rate of the new energy car market rose rapidly, and sales increased significantly in 2021, according to the New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan (2021 - 2021).
By 2025, we will be selling about 20% of new cars for new energy, with a promising market for new energy vehicles, with 3.52 million new vehicles sold in 2021, an increase of 157% over the previous year, and a continuing need for a strong future.
It's a mileage, so the new energy vehicle has a stronger demand for "four two-gates" of light Quantities, while the road map for energy-saving and new-energy-based vehicle technology, 2.0 for battery-to-cell cars, presents an average of 100 km of conventional energy per vehicle, with fuel consumption of 5.6 litres in 2025, 4.8 litres in 2030 and 4.0 litres in 2035, reducing energy consumption.
The demand also suggests that conventional fuel trucks are being lightly quantified, with aluminium in the automobile industry rising gradually. According to the International Aluminium Association, the volume of aluminium used in fuel cars reached 220 kg in 2030, an 82% increase over 2019, and that the average fuel vehicle will also be lightly quantified at a faster rate, with a stronger demand for aluminium alloy motor panels.
High-end cooling capacity continues to release and product structure continues to optimize. The company is active in the field of new energy vehicles, with 200,000 tons of engine capacity, gradually releasing capacity and increasing the annual capacity of cars by around 2 billion yuan in self-financing, and the project is expected to start in 2023, when the company is expected to own the car.
The growth in the production capacity of 400,000 tonnes per year is doubled to match the rapidly growing demand in the new energy vehicle market. The high-performance Aluminium-based company, which will be able to produce 21 million tons of power cells in October 2021, will also be gradually released, and the company will benefit from the dividends of the new energy vehicle market in the area of motor panels and batteries, with high-end products taking over.
The company, as a domestic motor panel leader, cooperates or certifies with a well-known international host plant for new energy vehicles, the U.S.A., the new energy source, the Audi, the Dallum, the General, the BMW, the Japanese, the modern, etc.
In the future, the company will further accelerate the process of the release of motor panel energy and the construction of production lines III and IV to respond to the growing demand for the market. The Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia will be phased in and contribute to a new growth point.
Construction began in two stages, beginning at the end of 18th year, one in May of this year, and one in September of this year, is now in full production, and the second phase is expected to start production in the second half of 2022. According to the average price of aluminium oxide in 2021, the difference between internal and external prices has increased, and exports are expected to increase.
The output of the electrolytic aluminium industry is significantly reduced, supply and demand are tight, lme aluminium is moving more strongly than domestic and external prices are increasing, with a pre-import deficit of nearly $3,000 per ton. The company ' s overseas product income is 32.7%, the export product is priced using the lme aluminium plus the processing fee model, while raw materials are priced using domestic aluminium, and the company ' s gross profit = (lme aluminum prices)
- Domestic active aluminium prices) + processing fees can generate profits from internal and external price differentials. In addition, offshore aluminium products are strained to further boost export demand, and corporate exports are expected to increase in real terms.3 Profit forecasts and investment proposals
At present, the company is running the electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing business, and we have selected three of a's' main aluminium processing industry, the Thai aluminium industry, the Asia Pacific technology industry and the Hua Feng aluminium industry, as comparable companies, with an average of 12 times the average of the company pe in 2022, the same as the South Mountain aluminium industry in 2022.
There are advantages, stability, and there should be some valuation premium, so we think that the company's valuation level is high or will continue to grow as the company's remobilization plates and aluminium oxide projects land. We expect the company to have a significant increase in the price of raw materials.
It will affect the cost of self-contained power plants and have a negative impact on the company’s profits. (2) Production capacity is not released as expected. The company has more capacity planning, which will have a negative impact on the company’s profits if some projects are put into operation and the progress of production is delayed by external factors.
3) Downstream demand is not as high as expected. Companies have more projects under construction, their capacity continues to grow, and if downstream markets open with difficulty or demand is not as high as expected, this leads to underutilization of the company’s production capacity and an increase in the one-ton depreciation amortization, which results in increased costs and a reduction in production, which has an impact on the company’s profitability.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.