(xii) Industry rating: purchase (first time)
The storage market's full-scale layout, the new market pulls noorflash demand on a continuous basis, and the company compares with the depth of 300, and we measure that the new applications of tws, amoled, iot and so on will become the city of norflash in 2020-2021.
The site generated additional market demand of $6,011 billion and $7,729 million, and the supply and demand gap still exists. The owner of the company attacked the small volume of noorflash, the third largest global city in 2019, fully benefiting from the new market dividend and moving from the consumer to the industrial and automobile sectors.
The country’s mcu leader, Control and Fingerprinting to recognize the continuing growth of dual-track aids, is focused on 32-bit mcu, whose market share is the top three in the country.
The product covers mid-end demand, with the launch of the world's first risc-v architecture mcu, and the process is moving to 40 nm, cutting into the iot trillion class market in a leading position.
Group, technology gaps and front-line manufacturers are gradually narrowing, and orders are expected to increase further. Research assistant: Hua Jinjing R & D projects are less than expected; macroeconomic downsides; and competition among colleagues is increasing.
Report of the Huayan Securities_Industry Research_Industry Depth_Majing. Semiconductor System Series (I): Science and Technology for “Keys”, The Best Sound of the Age 2020-05-
Domestic storage taps, barriers to national production, replacement of 1.1 Litex market business re-innovation, extension of industry-wide layout and storage of industry-wide mega-innovation main operations are flash chip and its derivatives, microcontrolr products and sensor modules
The company’s products are widely used in the areas of mobile handheld end-ends, consumer-type electronics, object-networked terminals, personal computers and perimeters, as well as communications equipment, medical supplies, office equipment, automobile electronics and industrial control equipment.
The company ' s major product lines and technological upgrades in 2019: 1) noorflash products, i.e. code-type flash chip, are mainly used to store codes and small amounts of data, covering medium- and low-capacity storage from 512k-512m, with a cumulative delivery of more than 10 billion needles.
Networking of goods, wearables, consumer-type markets, introduction of industry-minimum sealed 1.5mmx1.5muson8 low-power voltage product lines; launch of the first domestic 8-channel spi product in high-performance applications compliant with the Jedec code; roll-out of high-reliability and high-performance areas such as industrial controls, motor electronics, etc.
Products such as 256mb, 512mb; and certification of a whole range of gd25 products based on the aec-q100 standard to provide high performance and high reliability flash solution for the pre-car pre-loading market and for specific applications requiring car regulation products 2) nandflash product, high reliability 38nnslnand process product,
With industry leading performance and reliability, the 24nm process is continuously advanced to complete the small- and medium-volume Nandflash product series. 3) mcu products have accumulated more than 300 million shipments and more than 20,000 customers.
In 2019, the company released the latest product, gd32e232, based on anrcortex-m23 kernel mcu, which is a supervalued microcontrolr. It has been integrated into a film memory, a timer, a data converter and numerous interfaces, and has provided a new programmable module (clu), providing greater hardware flexibility, real-time signal processing.
In 2019, the company successfully developed the world’s first-ever product series of risc-vmcugd32v, and innovatively used risc-v to develop a generic mcu of nuclear development in a risc-v architecture.
The gd32v national product series will provide clients with more options, while also helping companies to respond to future debris network applications. At the same time, companies are active.
A strategic plan for the “mcu department store” is being advanced, with new product series such as wireless mcu, power management chips, and so on, providing a rich choice for customers. 4) Sensor products, 2019 companies actively promote integration with thought-making and complementarity of strengths.
With regard to optical fingerprint sensors, active efforts have been made to optimize optical fingerprint products from lenses and to introduce optical fingerprints from lcd screens, optical fingerprint products from mini-enclosed lenses, ultra thin optical fingerprint products, large-area tft optical fingerprint products, which have become companies with all types of fingerprints in the industry.
Progress has also been made in stages. 1.2 Strong R & D power builds the basis for performance growth 10.65 per cent, due to market imbalances in the supply of noorflash; and new trends in 2019, such as tws headphones, object networking, etc.
In 2019, the company achieved a net return profit of $607 million, or 49.85 per cent, slightly higher than the product structure, with the company’s main business being the storage chip, which was captured in 2019.
Compared to 79.79% in 2018, there was little change, with operating income increasing by 38.99% to $2,556 million in 2018. At the same time that the company’s norflash chip collection was re-innovated, the mcu business achieved operating income of $444 million, an increase of 9.90% over the same period, and the revenue was 13.86%, a decrease in the percentage to a new sensor business.
So, in 2019, the company acquired Slim, increasing the sensor product line and achieving business income of $203 million, or 6.34 per cent of the total.Repository industry studies show that companies outperform the fair light in the field of noorflash, at 14.1 per cent of the market.
For the first time in the world's fourth position, major international companies such as Samsung, Intel, Apple, etc., are visitors to the company. Figure 42018-2019, collected by product structure, Māori account for an unusual change in 2017 due to a larger exchange rate change in the United States dollar, resulting in loss of exchange rates; and sales cost rates.
The company’s Māori rate has been rising year by year, and has remained at a high Māori rate of nearly 40% for nearly three years. The change in 2018 was modest because of higher demand and supply in the market, and the fall in the price of the nonflash.
In 2019, with the eruption of the downstream market, the Māori rate rose again to 40.52%. In terms of the overall industrial chain of integrated circuits, integrated circuit design is an R&D and design link with autonomous intellectual property rights and the content of nuclear technology.
To $363 million, representing 11.33% of operating income. Companies have increased their R & D investment in the fields of norflash, nadflash, mcu, fingerprinting chips, etc. A total of 201 patents were filed in 2019, resulting in 156 new patent authorizations.
The company’s Māori ratio has been at the forefront of the industry for nearly three years. In 2019, the top five producers of Wang Hong, Wah, Migwang, Sepuras, Moi-Innovative had a market share of 90% of the world’s noorflash market.
In 2016 and 2017, Hikata and Sepras withdrew from the low- and medium-volume market, focusing on high-capacity noorflash products, focusing on applications in the areas of automobiles, space, industrial control, and so on; Wabong and Wangro provided mainly medium-capacity noorflash products; and omens of early innovation with low-capacity noorflash products.
Entering the market, increasing R & D inputs to the upper-middle market. From the main applications of the product, the real competitors for innovation are the two consumer-oriented electronics producers, Wanghang and Wahbong.2 The storage sector has a strong outlook and emerging demand-driven markets.
In accordance with the principles of storage, storage can be divided into three categories: optical storage, magnetic storage, semiconductor storage. Optical storage consists mainly of dvd, cd, etc.; magnetic storage includes disks, diskettes, mechanical hard disks (hdd), etc. Optical and magnetic storage is too large and slow to read and write; semiconductor storage is slow to read and write.
Very fast, small size, low capacity, and falling prices due to technological maturity. For the above reasons, three types of storage are differentiated at the application level, as technology develops, semiconductor storage, and chart 10 storage product categories.
Storages are roughly pyramided according to technical difficulty, high to low cost, high to low performance, small capacity, and very high speed of reading and writing of data by the top cpu register.
cpu internal structure. l1, l2, l3 is a high-speed sram-based high-speed cache memory or several small and medium-sized sram-based storage device, which is used as a temporary cache of data to reduce the cpu burden, with high reading and writing requirements and technical difficulties, but with low capacity and storage time requirements.l4 is based on dram dynamic memory.
For cpu, the storage space for the application has a high number of readings, writings, capacity requirements, and application memory for pc and mobile phones. l5 is external storage, e.g. ssd, hdd, udis, hard disk, CD-ROMs, etc., with greater consideration for capacity and low cost.l6 is a disk on a remote server, which needs to be accessed via the network.
Semiconductor storage is divided into loss and non-lossy storage units, depending on whether the data are stored after the loss of power. A loss storage is also called random storage (randomacessmemory, simplified ram), where data are stored and automatically lost after the breakup, and the function is to store data temporarily.
Programmatic data storage under way; the non-lossy memory is also called read-only memory (redonly memory, simple rom) and the read-only memory is not lost in the event of a power outage, and the main function is the Ram (randomaaccessmemory, random access memory), also known as the master memory.
is the internal memory that directly connects cpu exchange data. It can read and write data at any time, and at any speed, often as a temporary storage medium for operating systems or other programs in operation. He can deposit or extract information from a specified address at any time he works. However, the data stored in the ram have.
The characteristics of vulnerability, i.e., the information stored after a power outage, disappears. So, the ram is often used for temporary storage programs and storage of intermediate results. The ram has the characteristics of random access, lossability, static sensitivity, etc.
When the information is stored and removed, the time it takes is not related to the location in which it is written. Fragility means that it can't save the data, and then the data disappears. The static sensitivity is the charge of the capacitor in the static memory, causing the data loss or even the burning of the circuits. At the same time, the Ram deposits and extracts in all the devices.
The most rapid data can be generated. It can be divided into sram chart 13ram structures and working principles depending on how the unit works. Sram (staticrandom-accessmemory, static random access memory) does not need to refresh the circuits.
The sram usually consists of four to six transistors, and when this unit is given a binary state, it will not change until the next time new information is given or power is out. The sram is the most fast-reading memory, so the price is very high.
Precious, application scene is cpu's l1 and l2 cache. After sram was invented in 1964, non-volatile srams and atrophy srams were produced.
It can only be kept for a very short period of time, so the data need to be updated regularly, and it's more complex than sram, with smaller surfaces, smaller costs, and less power, but with shorter data retention times and slower speeds, but faster than roms.
According to the report, once the power is out, the data will disappear, and because of the power leaks in the poles, the grid will need to be replenished every once in a while, and every time you read the data will need to be supplemented by the charge. This process is called dynamic refreshing, because it takes only one cmos tube and one cap to store 1 bit of data, that's all.
After the year, ddram (date-rateram) improved on a sdram basis, reading and writing data twice at one hour, thereby doubling the rate of data transmission.rom (read-onlymemory, read-only memory) is a data that can only be read in advance.
Solid-state semiconductor memory. The feature is that once information is stored, it cannot be changed or removed. Compared to the advantage of Ram, where data can still be stored after a power outage, there is a prom and programmable rom that can write data once more.
Programming to rub the data and preserving the characteristics of the data after a power outage, but it is not suitable for use as memory because the number of scratches is less than the size of about 10 drams. Intel sees the great potential of flash, and in 1988 launched the first commercial nonflash chip.
There are faster writing data, smaller storage unit sizes, but it has to read the norflash very quickly in a block manner, but the writing speed is slow and because of cost constraints it is very difficult to achieve a large capacity.
Direct in-house execution memory is used without copying the code to the Ram, allowing random access to data from any address, which makes the application of the nonflash more likely to be in the case of the start-up system (bios), the vehicle operating system, the functional start-up system, etc.
The minimum reading and writing unit for Nandflash is page (page), which is internally based on non-linear macro units, which are fast to read and write and provide low-cost, efficient solutions for the use of large-volume memory. Nandflash has a simpler internal structure, low cost and small size, with the main application scenario being large-volume storage.
Storage, e.g. ssd, flash drive, etc. Nandflash can be divided into slc, mlc, tlc, qlc, depending on the difference in storage of bit information for each cell stored in flash, because the density of stored particles in memory is present
Differences. Slc stores 1bit information per unit, with only 0, 1 voltage changes; mlc stores a species per unit, and the more bit information stored for each unit, the larger the capacity, the more the structure is, the more complex the voltage controls, the lower the writing, reliability and lifetime performance.
The main storage products of the MFI are noorflash and slcnand, both of which are niche products with relatively small markets and high demand orientation. Since the market on Nandflash, the market size of the nonflash market has been compressed and demand has been concentrated in applications requiring in-house implementation of storage in recent years.
With the boom in the iot market, demand re-energized; slcnandflash, although with a small capacity, has the advantage of reading and writing at a speed and reliability that allows it to have a rigid demand in business-level storage. 2.1 New applications drive noorflash operations on a continuous basis, slcnand
The company nonflash continues to be a leader in international technology and markets. It provides a series of products ranging from 512kb to 512mb1, most of the types of capacity that cover the nonflash market, voltage coverage.
1.8v, 2.5v, 3.3v and wide voltage products providing high performance, low power consumption, high reliability, high safety, etc. for different applications, with product design using leading process technology nodes and optimization, with significant advantages in various applications, such as performance, cost, reliability, etc. 2019.
The company ' s whole-line products support wlcsp wrapping, providing excellent options for severe battery life and compact size applications such as networking, wearing, consumer and health monitoring. According to the research data of the cinno research, the moi innovation was 10% and 11% in the netflash market in 2017-2018.
By 2019, the market share of q3 had risen to 18%. The company launched a new generation of high-speed 4-channel product series (gd25lt), which is the first high-speed 4-high-speed noorflash solution, with a transmission rate of 200 mb/s; and 8 high-speed spi compatible with xspi specifications.
The narflash product series (gd25lx), with a transmission rate of 400 mb/s, is one of the best performance solutions in the industry, requiring fast-reading high-capacity codes for vehicles, artificial intelligence, and networking of goods.
In 2020, the Division will focus on promoting the 55nm Advanced Process Node series on the existing basis, maintaining the continued competitiveness of low- and medium-level markets, increasing research and development efforts to promote high-capacity, high-performance, high-reliability products, and raising the market for high-end products.
In 2010, Samsung withdrew from the noor flash market, concentrating its production capacity on the more large and attractive markets, and on the more competitive ones.
Since then, major international storage plants have announced a reduction in the production of noorflash; the elimination of the 8-inch production line in 2016 by the United States of America; the sale of the crystal factory at Bloomington in 2017 for the production of noorflash; and, since the beginning of 2020, the operation of the crystal factory has been extended due to the low level of downstream client endnor stocks and the impact of the new crown outbreak.
Lately, customers fear supply-chain disruptions to increase the volume of imports and double-effects to boost the price of noorflash. According to a recent survey by Trendforce, the price of noorflash rose by about 5% in the first quarter of 2020, and by about 10-20% in the second quarter, as the epidemic worsened overseas.
Noorflash, because of its small capacity and high cost characteristics, has been marginalized by the world’s leading industry, cutting a production capacity, and has long been limited to the storage of code in a functional machine. According to the Morganstanley study, the global harvest of noorflash is expected to rise by 3% in 2020 compared to 2019.
With the boom in a number of emerging markets, such as tws, amoled, 5g, iot, auto-driving, etc., the demand end of norflash is warming, market size is at a sustained upswing stage, and growth space is expected to expand further tws with unlimited potential, `exploitation + high-capacity demand' norflash.
The headphones in the headphones create a body-sounding system by transmitting signals to the earphones in blue teeth, breaking the physical limits of the wires, greatly enhancing functional superiority and user experience. Since the Apples were released in 2016, the market for tws has been expanding, and there are a number of Andre systems tws that follow apple design.
Apple, as a leader in the field of smart terminals, has been leading new trends in the market as a tide-winding sign. In 2020, apples introduced educational benefits, and students or teachers bought designated mac and ipad.
In order to reduce the cost and bring its price into line with the iphone 11 distribution price, the market expects Apple to eliminate randomly attached wireheads, which will increase the volume of airpods, and will not preclude the Andre camp from following the apple pace.
The tws headphone penetration rate is projected to increase further in 2020 under the double-catalytic “functional + trend”. The multiple bluetooth transfer programs for tws headphones are indispensable to the application of norflash. The tws headphone bluetooth transfer programmes are currently divided into listening classes with apples, tws, and tws, the main manufacturers; and the traditional relays.
The transmission type, which is dominated by Hengenlblat; and the two-class, which is closest to the real wireless, which is China-based, high-speed. But any one of the options requires a noorflash to store code, such as a 128 mnorflash per airpods, which is more common for the Andrews camp tws to carry 64 mnorflash.
See, while anirpodspro carries 256 m of large volume naorflash, the demand for norflash capacity is expected to increase significantly in the future as the tws headphone function increases. Based on the volume of tws headphones from the Apple and Andre camps, we are based on the required norflash.
The volume and unit prices are forecast, and by 2010 - 2021 the tws headphone-driven noorflash incremental market code amoled screen technology is hard demand, and the small volume noorflash opens the market. The oled is a panel consisting of organic light-emitting diode devices that can self-release without the need for liquid crystals and filter film.
In recent years, the flagship aircraft of major mobile phone brands have been mounted on the oled screen, and as the technology matures and improves, the market has seen cases of medium- and high-end cell phones using the oled screen, and the oled screen penetration is expected to be in progress.
The next few years have seen a further upswing, which is expected to reach more than 50 per cent penetration in 2021, based on data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries.
Amoled material as the main manifestation of the oled, because of technical problems, the amoled panel has a regular problem of showing inconsistencies in quality, and it needs to be removed by a light school calibration, a process that goes beyond the resolution of a light school calibration code with an 8-16m noorflash storage.
The highest scenario, with the large penetration of the oled screen, the small volume of noorflash demand end is expected to enter, based on the amount of smartphones delivered and the amoled screen penetration, and based on the required noor flash capacity and unit cost, we predict that by 2010-2021 there will be an increase in the norflash driven by the amoled screen.
The size of the volume market will reach $443 million, 598 million. The ai-iot application will spread, and the potential of the nonflash is infinite.
Communications to achieve intelligent identification, positioning, tracking, regulation, etc. Thousands of applications, with a wide range of spaces in production, life, and public administration.
According to a recent report released by Marketsandmarkets, the size of the smart city iot market was $79.5 billion in 2018, and that figure is expected to rise to US$ 2196 billion by 2023, and is projected to reach US$ 311.8 billion by 2022 in China’s consumer class iot market.
In the iot market, it is smart households and car electronics that can drive up the sky. Figure 242018-2023 shows the size of the global iot market.
Strategyanalytics projects that the global stock of smart households reached 830 million in 2019, with market patterns amounting to $108 billion, up 12.5 per cent from 2018, while the market for smart households is projected to grow at a rate of 12 per cent, reaching $121 billion in 2020.
Connecting home, life, entertainment through communication technology can be broken down into smart security, smart power, smart video. The current trend in smart homes is to move from a monolithic to a system-wide intelligent home product. Each smart home device is equipped with one at 1-128 mnorflash.
Figure 25: Global smart-bond delivery from 2016 to 2020 Auto-Intelligent adas has grown, and noorflash has fast-started it. According to ihsmarkit, the global adas market is expected to grow in an explosive form, and the volume of delivery will reach 2022.
Up to 302 million units. The adas (advanced driving support system) is the basis for autopilot development, using sensors installed in the vehicle, identifying objects inside and outside the vehicle, providing rapid warning to the driver and executing the corresponding instructions. The adsa system needs to be quickly opened and shut down at every start and stop, so that it is on board.
The chip has a higher start-up speed, and noorflash can shorten the process to 1s, with advantages not available in other chips. The adas system can be installed in multiple locations in the vehicle, for example: Teslaautopilot contains three presets, two sides, and three backset adas.
The system is currently being used mainly for blind spot detection, parking aids, collision prevention, etc. The adsa system is being developed from auxiliary driving to autopilot. Depending on the functionality of each adas system, it may be necessary to configure one or more noorflash chips. The mid- and low-end as system will be configured.
Based on the volume of goods delivered by smart households and adas, we predict that by 2010-2021 the market size of smart house-led norflash will be 17.50, based on the required volume of nonflash and unit prices.
When the 5g base station is being constructed, the large volume of noorflash support for the new infrastructure, the fpga used in the 5g access module must have a higher density of logical elements, a higher dsp capability and more transceivers than used in the 4glte digital unit.
Large configuration images require a large-volume noorflash memory to configure fpga to provide high reliability at initial response and start-up. Based on the build-up of the 5g base station, we make projections based on the required noorflash capacity and unit prices.
The incremental market size of the 5g base station-led noorflash in 2010-2021 would amount to $112, 218 million. 22,46,3203 million gross operating revenues from 2018-2019 were realized by the mega-innovation, and the storage of chips reached $1.839, 2,556 million, including mainly noorflash and slclash.
The company’s main noorflash business generated business income of $247.5 billion. The global noorflash revenue from the omens of innovation will reach $3.885 billion and $4.778 billion. 2.2 slncnandflash production opens up new growth space.
Slcnandflash is also a small-volume storage niche market. For Nandflash products, the current mainstream process node is 19 nm-38nm, the company mature process node is 38nm, the product capacity covers the main capacity type from 1 gb to 8 gb, voltage covers 1.8v and 3.3v.
In addition, the company will continue to invest in the development of the 24nnand flash process node and will promote the development of the Nandflash based on the 24nm process node.
The 24nm product line is in the stage of production and is expected to land in 2020. According to these estimates, the company ' s operating income from slcnandflash was approximately 120 million yuan in 2019, and the global market was assumed to be around 1.46 per cent at $8.2 billion during the same period.
The idc data show that the global slcnand market has grown at a compound rate of over 5 per cent, and that, as a result of domestic substitution and incremental market dividends, we expect companies ' s slc product markets to double each year in 2019-2021 to reach 2.92 per cent and 5.84 per cent, respectively, corresponding to slcnand operating revenues of 251 million yuan and 526 million yuan.
2.3 Together, the dram is home-grown, with unlimited potential for the future to account for more than 50% of the market size of the repository. But the market share is more than 97% by Samsung, Hercules, Light and Light, and the global dram market was close to $100 billion in 2018.
The demand of the country dram accounts for about 20 per cent of world demand year after year, but the share of domestic dram in the market is 1 per cent, and the severe supply-demand imbalance has caused the country to rely heavily on imports for its own self-sufficiency, supported by a great deal of support, and national production has replaced the dawn: 8 gbdddr4, the first generation of the 10 nanoscales.
The project began to develop self-contained memory chips after a series of preparatory work, including the start-up of the project, and after two years of round-the-clock, 10 nanoscale in September 2019.
The first generation of 8gbdr4 at the World Manufacturing Congress, with a design output of 120,000 crystals per month, achieved a domestic dram market, a process from "0" to "one", a qualitative transformation from "nil" to "yes" that broke the monopoly of three stars, Hercules, and oligopoly, and exposed the country's dram storage chip state.
At present, the first national ddr4 memory chip is produced, and the ddr4 memory chip is the fourth-generation double.
Simultaneous dynamic random memory. Compared to the previous generation of ddr3 memory chips, ddr4 memory chips have faster data transmission rates, more stable performance and lower energy consumption. Ddr4 self-researched chips meet market mainstream demand and can be applied to pc, laptops, servers, and consumption.
In high-speed transmission, the lpddr4x memory chip has a superior low-level performance compared to the third generation and serves the third generation.
Mobile devices with higher performance and lower capacity. In 2020, the RAMs of the combing platinum passed a single/two-way full-flow test and compatibility test, including the Intel and the amd mainstream platforms, and the filtered memory chip had the potential for hyperfrequency.
The storage brand foresee has launched three nationally produced RAMs: ddr4sodimm8gb, ddr4udimm8gb, ddr4udimm16gb, and the core dram. In addition, the famous memory brand Wei just announced a high-quality and efficient import of Chinese markets into Changjing.
It is able to store particles. This marks the beginning of national production storage particles entering the international market, competing in terms of quality and performance with major international plants.
3 layouts mcu, acquisition of Slitwa, control of the two-way track, head-up to 3.1, head of 32 mcu, the world's first risc-v architecturemcu.
Microcontrols (microcontrollerunit, mcu) are designed to adapt cpu's frequency to specifications as reduced and to integrate memory, counters, usb, a/d conversions, uart, plc, dma, etc., even lcd drive circuits into a single chip, forming a chip-grade computer, which is different.
The icinsights data show that, after a decline in the size and volume of the Mcu market in 2016, the size and volume of the mcu market increased significantly. The mcu market grew by 9.3 to 20.4 billion dollars in 2019.
In 2019, the volume of mcu exports also rose from 30.6 billion in 2018 to 34.2 billion, an increase of 11.7 per cent. The market is expected to reach $23.9 billion by 2022, with a volume of 43.8 billion.
The market grew by 12% to RMB 40.3 billion. In 2017-2022, the country’s mcu market continued to be protected, with four places, eight places, 16 places, 32 places and 64 places, depending on the width of the bus. The current city’s main mocu is 32 places, with a high rate of operation between 100 and 350 mhz.
The implementation capability can be applied to modem, gps, pda, hpc, stb, hub, bridge, and mirage is the leading producer of 32bitmcu products in the country.
It is also the first global launch of 32-digit generic mccu products based on risc-v, with three lines of entry-level, mainstream, high performance products for client selection.
In the domestic market, companies compete with foreign agents such as semiconductors, Engjiura, etc. for 9.4% of their share of the market.
Figure 372018: China ' s market share of the cortex-m factory introduced in 2019 the new gd32e232 supervalue microcontrol product based on the 72mhzcorpex-m23 core; the first global risc-v of the gd32vf103 series with a major frequency of 108mhz
mcu, which provides complete ecological support such as complete software packages, development packages, solutions, etc. Mainstream mcu process nodes are currently concentrated at 180 nm~40 nm, corporate product cover 180 nm, 110 nm, 55 nm process, 40 nm advanced process is under development.
The technological innovation and market sophistication that has been maintained in the mcu field has highlighted its strong R & D power. 3.1 Acquisition of the S.V.I.D. Chip Market. Shanghai S.I.T. Ltd. is the leading intellectual interactive solution to the domestic market.
Dealers. The main business is currently engaged in the development and sale of new-generation intelligent mobile terminal sensor soc chips and solutions, and the provision of an interactive package of human solutions, including capacitors, fingerprint recognition chips, emerging sensors and system algorithms.
The combined income from the sale of SMS chips is 99.43%, 99.51% and 99.82% respectively, and the distribution of income by product type is concentrated. In 2016, the fingerprint recognition program under the optical screen of SMS's operations is still a comprehensive mainstream option.
With the light source of the screen, as the finger squeezes the screen, the reflective light goes to the sensor below the screen, where it is identified by contrasting a clear fingerprint image with a recorded fingerprint image. The optical fingerprint is not recognised, it is developed earlier, it is more sophisticated, and the supply chain is more secure.
The medium- and high-end mobile phones of major brands such as rice and Samsung have adopted a fingerprint recognition program under the optical screen, and there is a tendency to extend the program down from the middle-end machine, drive up the market size, and rapidly reduce the cost of finger recognition under the optical screen.
According to the market agency Omdia, in 2019, we had 228 million screen fingerprinting units, and as the technology for screen fingerprinting matured and the price of the module reached an acceptable market price, it is expected that the volume of screen fingerprint modules will continue to grow significantly in 2020 and reach 400 million.
More than one. Combined with our projected decline in smartphone sales in 2020 by 13%, Andre's is skating in sync. And then upstream oled capacity, especially in China, starts a fast market.
2020h1, as a result of the technological gap and further indentation of the industry, the second line, represented by Smitty, where fingerprint recognition chip manufacturers have gradually expanded their market share, we expect the market share to reach 10 per cent by 2020 and 30 million optical fingerprint recognition modules to be delivered by 2020.
The market will bring a new growth point for mega-twhis headphone-led noorflash. The market size of the market will reach 16.39 in 2010-2021, and the penetration of global oled screens on smartphone ends will increase steadily and reach 2022.
56%. The incremental market size of the amoled screen-led noorflash in 2010 - 2021 will reach 4.43, 3) The global biometric market is expected to reach $25 billion by 2020 and a compound macroeconomic downturn between 2007 and 2020; R & D projects will fall short of expectations; and competition from industry will intensify.
The data and information used in this report, using information that is legally compliant, are produced independently and objectively, and are based on publicly available information on the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.