Ecurities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The purchase (first rating) of mega-innovation (603986.sh) Storage of micro-control global layouts, performance dreams, long-term supply and demand of noorflash remain tight, and net profits continue to grow at a high rate as the global epidemic progresses.
On the other hand, downstream demand is gradually recovering, and high-growth markets are expected to generate $500 million a year in demand growth, while new industrial capacity is limited and future prices are on the rise. Corporate products hit the city slightly in markets such as nona tws headphones and car electronics, with high-end products accounting for 60% of profits.
A steady uplift; a process shift to 55nm has led to an increase in capacity of more than 25%, providing companies with sufficient production capacity and ammunition, and enabling companies to seize the share of their producers. The net profit is expected to be close to $1 billion in 2021, an increase of more than 50% in the same year.
Self-researching drams are moving fast, and aid companies are moving into a billion-dollar collection club. The global dram market model is nearly $100 billion, of which the niche market is nearly $10 billion. The company dram business now includes two major categories: distribution and self-research, where the dram will be deposited in a large amount of money in 2021.
Production, directly using the 17nm/19nm process, is a process that is significantly ahead of competitors and is expected to increase market share rapidly. Self-researched dram operations are expected to generate more than $2 billion in 2022, thereby helping companies to achieve 100 billion a year.
The mcu and nad operations are very dynamic, and there is a multifold margin for income. China’s mocu market is more than $20 billion in size, while the national production rate is less than 10%. The company is the largest supplier of 32-digit mccu, with the most difficult trucking technology, and is expected to sustain more than 30% growth in revenue over the long term.
Long; Nand is gradually switching from 38nm to 24nm, product technology and capacity are being solved 77 times, and we look forward to the future of the company, giving the company 80 times the target by 2021, and we're looking forward to it.
The risk of increasing friction in trade in technology between the United States and the United States: the risk of a fall in the price of noorflash products: the risk that dram products will not be developed at the same pace as expected; the risk that subsidiaries will not be able to fulfil their performance commitments; and the risk that major shareholders will be able to reduce their performance.
Dram: Revenue from sales operations is expected to remain at $350 million in revenue collection and $473/2016 million in self-research dram. In Māori rates, dram operations are relatively low, while Māori self-research dram is expected to be over 30 per cent.
The idea that we're different from the market is that the price of the company's main business is weak, and that if downstream demand continues to slip, the company's profits will be significantly affected.
We believe that the demand for high-development markets such as tws headphones, auto electrons, 5g base stations is still strong, and that the impact of the epidemic on consumer electronics is gradually dissipating, while the supply of industrial capacity has not improved and the price of the industry is still on the rise; from the firm ' s own point of view, the company ' s high-capacity product is rapidly permeating into high-end areas, and it is low.
In addition, companies’ mcu, Nand, and dram product lines are growing, and the impact on companies of noorflash price fluctuations will gradually decrease. In the short term: global epidemic relief has led to higher demand downstream in the norflash, adding three quarters to nor
In the traditional season, the prices of noorflash began to rise. Long term: the company ' s noorflash product began to be used on a large scale in high-end areas such as 5g base stations and auto electronics, and continued to crowd out the market share of the United States-owned producers; the company gained a high share of the market in the slcnand, mcu markets.
Rapid ups; corporate dram products were put into production on a large scale in 2021, significantly increasing the size of corporate profits. For cautious reasons, we did not include self-research dram performance in profit forecasts, predicting the risk of increased friction in company technology and trade between the US and China; the risk of a fall in the price of noorflash products; and the risk of a fall in the price of dram.
Product R & D is not as fast as expected; subsidiaries are too risky to fulfil their performance commitments; major shareholders have no alternative, long-term demand is growing steadily 1.1, flashes are divided mainly between noor and nad, and noorflash is irreplaceable
The semiconductor memory chip is divided mainly into non-lossible storage and perishable storage, with the most mainstream non-lossy storageic being flashmemory, while the flash can be divided into non-lossy storage and
Nandflash is divided into two categories: slc, mlc, tlc and qlc according to the principles of storage, and structurally into two categories: 2d, 3d. Flush technology is divided into four main categories: slc, mlc, tlc and qlc.
Classes, corresponding to different spatial structures, the four types of technology can be divided into two main categories of 2d and 3d structures. 2d storage units are located only in the Xy level of the chip and, in order to increase storage density, the manufacturer issues 3dnand or v-nand (vertical nad) technology, which will leave the z-levels in the X-rays.
The mounds are stacked on the same crystal circle. 3dnand is being combined with different Nand techniques (slc, qlc), and the future number of higher stacking layers of 3dnand is a trend in industry. In slc flash, each storage unit contains only 1bit information: logic 0 or logic 1.
The mlc flash stores two messages per unit, two square-level, tlc and qlc partitions, and three or four bits of bit information. The more data are stored in each cell, the higher the size of the unit, but the more voltage is, the more difficult it is to control, the poorer the particle stability and the lower life expectancy.
Slc mlc tlc
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The slcnand unit has the lowest storage capacity, but has the best performance. Slcnand has only two different voltage states, so it has the most stable performance, the longest life span (theoretically 10w times), and the highest cost, the earliest top particles, but due to cost problems, it has largely disappeared into ordinary consumption.
In view of the fact that tcl and qlc were less performing at the time of their birth, but over a period of time, both parameters have made significant progress, and the price advantages of both have become clear and have become the mainstream of Nandflash technology.
Noorflash has obvious flaws, but it has advantages that are not available in Nandflash. Noorflash has low density, slow write, slow scrubbing, high prices, but noorflash does not have to read the code to the system because of the separate properties of the address line and the data line.
In total, applications can run directly on noor (xip, executeinplace) and norflash has faster reading speed, greater reliability and longer life spans, which also determine that the presence of norflash is unlikely to be eliminated from the market.
Noorflash and slcnand share-based storage is the best option for new entrants to cut into storage. The storage industry is a highly monopolistic industry, with large international plants relying on technology, finance, capacity, etc., to control the trend of dram and flash products, and new entrants to high-end markets for capital, technology, talent.
These factors are difficult. “To take the road, take the two” is the high-end flash chip market driven by new technologies, new processes, and “two” is the market where profits are thin, varietyd, and application is fragmented. Noorflash and slcnand are “two” and market competitive and technological thresholds are low and newcomers are newcomers.
Best option to cut into storage. 1.2.noorflash technology is still progressing, and emerging storage technology is unlikely to achieve replacements in the short term.
In both cases, the mooring process is still dominant. Both processes are excellent, and the traditional mooring process is market-mainstreamed and used by mainstream global manufacturers, with the advantage that when the chip is larger than 4 mb, the shell is dominant, and the advantage is clear, with 1.8v reading at a higher speed, high temperature stability and data loss.
Sonos technology is much smaller, with only one power plant owning it. Sonos technology is superior because it's small in size, less reading, and less time to erase. The disadvantage is that, at a time when noor flash is moving towards large capacity, sonos technology is less competitive with capacity, and it's higher.
Temperature stability, loss of data, saturation, so units cannot read and write. So, despite the advantages of the sonos technology, it doesn't become mainstream.
The limits of the noorflash process are 40 nm, but the current global mainstream process is 65/55 nm, which takes about five years to reach the technology limit. Also, the technology of the noorflash product is moving forward because of the different markets and new demands: on the one hand, because the base stations, etc.
In the event of demand, the capacity of the field also continues to grow, for example, as a result of the launch of the two-gb spinorflash series, which is expected to continue to increase in the future; on the other hand, the demand for space and power is higher in the iot market, and manufacturers are constantly developing smaller envelope sizes and lower capacity.
Emerging storage technologies are emerging but cannot replace noorflash for a long time. Emerging storage technologies have evolved in recent years, including mram/reram/pcm/xpoint/fram, although in technology.
There is a certain advantage in technology, but a lot of tests are needed to accurately study the performance of these new technologies and materials, and economic efficiency needs to be improved. Even if economic efficiency improves, it is difficult for emerging memory to reverse market dominance.
There are many technological advantages, and that does not mean anything. 1.3. High concentration in industry, with companies accounting for more than 90 per cent of the world’s top five suppliers in the world, is the third largest supplier, norflash, and corporate markets continue to rise.
Two companies have been in the top two positions from 2017 to 2020 q1, running for the first throne, while the market share of the mega-innovation has been rising steadily. 2019 q3, the mega-breeding ring has grown by 36.2% to $104 million, surpassing cypress for the first time to become the world's top three noorflash sources.
The world’s five largest players have been focusing on different markets. Light and cypress have focused on industrial markets, shipping markets, and car electronics, and have largely withdrawn from the consumer market: the main focus is on industrial controls, automobiles, etc.
At the end of the market, the share of consumer market revenues has continued to decline; and at the end of the market, there has been a strong growth in Chinese electricity; and at the end of the market, there has been a steady growth in consumer operations: mega-innovation products are mainly used in the consumer market and are now rapidly entering high-end markets such as industrial controls, automobiles and electronics, and certification imports are advancing smoothly.
The main product process, the main application area, is the country with a large number of noorflash new players, each with its own characteristics, but on a smaller scale as a whole.
Ninety percent of the flash market is occupied by five big players, while the remaining 10 percent is developed by the noorflash small-scale mills, and the cypresssonos process has been authorized by the plough semiconductor, which has successfully developed 55nmnorflash products. We believe that although there are now a large number of domestic firms entering the noorflash,
But there is a large gap with companies, both in terms of technology and in terms of customer certification, and the overall size is small, with limited impact on companies’ operations over a longer period of time. US production capacity continues to withdraw, and the company’s market share is expected to increase further.
After several shufflings in the norflash market, in 2017, cypress and Light announced their withdrawal from the low-end norflash market, the five-Power pattern of competition that has continued to this day has begun to change rapidly this year.
Four major nonflash suppliers, and then 2019q3, which goes beyond cypress to global third. We believe that there are two main reasons for this, one being the steady growth in the demand of the nonflash in the electronics and industrial markets of cars, and the primary application of the nonflash products of cypress to these two markets.
And consumer e-market demand has risen dramatically; the second reason is that magma, Chinese electricity, and omens are also not breaking into cars, industrial controls, etc. US manufacturers, under competitive pressure from the market, are already thinking of a complete exit from the noor flash market, and there is a tendency to keep the output up and down.
With production capacity and demand being secured by the eruption of several downstream markets, such as domestic tws headphones, the market share is expected to rise further in the future, the third only beginning of the world. 1.4. Noorflash price hikes are being slowed by the epidemic, and demand will continue to grow in the long run.
Norflash is a cyclical industry, with the upper cycle, which started in 2019, interrupted by an epidemic. Norflash, like mainstream storage, has price- and demand-driven cyclical fluctuations. From 2015 to the present, Norflash has undergone the following cycles:
Until 2015.9, norflash was used mainly on functional phones and computers, and with the replacement of smart phones for functional machines, norflash demand continued to decline and prices continued to fall. 2015.9-2017.10, the market for functional phones was largely stable, and norflash started to be in amoled,
New areas, such as tddi, have been applied, cypress and light have been added to the consumer electronics market, and noor flash has been moving up. 2017.10-2019.4 The smartphone market has begun to saturate and even to decline, while other consumer electronics have started to saturategize.
There is also a downward trend following the peak of the weather cycle, adding the effect of the lack of Intelcpu to the need to depress personal computers and the reduction of net access to market labels, and a re-winding of the nonflash. 2019.4 - 2020.3 The global consumer electronics market is warming, with iot represented by tws headphones.
The boom in demand for products has led to a sharp rise in global nonflash prices. So far, the new crown epidemic has led to a significant decline in global consumer e-market demand, and the rise in nonflash prices has been affected, but prices have not generally fallen.
From the study of the nonflash price cycle, we found three main points: 1) the trend in the nonflash cycle converges with the mainstream memory (dram, 3dnand), but with its own fluctuations and the difference between the time point of the reversion of the climate cycle and the mainstream memory;
(a) Commercial exit (United States manufacturer exited consumer electronics market) because of the high concentration of the nonflash industry, the relative caution of each leader over expansion, and the low capacity of the industry to produce more;
As a result of the different focus of operations, American manufacturers focused on high-end domains such as industrial controls, spacefaring and automobile electronics and were less affected by changes in consumer electronic demand.
The impact of the epidemic has gradually faded, and the demand for noorflash will continue to grow in the long term. The global epidemic is now improving in most parts of the world, and the development of a new crown vaccine is making a breakthrough. We expect that the demand for electronics for global consumption will gradually improve, and that the short-term demand for noorflash will gradually shrink.
The demand for mobile screens, iot devices, computer bios, auto electrons, and 5g base stations is still growing. By measuring the market size of the noorflash-high-growth downstream industry, my supply growth is limited, and the industry is expected to return to supply and demand constraints.
Of the top five poles of norflash, all of them idm, apart from the oasis of innovation, where Light and cypress do not intend to invest on the noorflash line, with even a reduction in their capacity; the capital owner of the magnanimity is to spend on slcnand and 3dnand: the power capital expenditure of the state is focused on the dram line.
So we expect no significant improvement in global production in the next two years. Noor flash needs are rising steadily each year, and no new technology will replace noorflash in the short term, anticipating a return to demand-demand constraints in the industry.
1) Smartphone screens: the market for amoled&tddi smartphones has grown steadily. While global smartphone sales have declined as a result of the epidemic, the 5g switch tide will continue to drive global smartphone sales in the long run.
Based on idc data and our projections, global sales of smartphones are projected to require an extra 8mb (fullhd) or 32mb (qhd) optic compensation in 2020-2022 for 0.59, 0.82 and 0.52 respectively for 2020-2022.
$96 million; full screen phones tend to use the tddi option, with an extra noorflash as the sorting code needed to store the touch control function. The old and tddi penetration rate is expected to increase steadily in the future, and the market size of the nonorflash should be $116.151.17 billion in 2020-2022, respectively.
2) iot: The rapid growth of apparel & & & smart metering related products and tws, etc. are the main drivers of increased demand in norflash. The concept of object networking is very broad and allows equipment, smart homes, and smart cars to be worn.
And you can count iot, and every iot device needs at least one flash to store the program to achieve a more intelligent effect, and the high reliability of norflash makes it more appropriate to store the iot device code than to read it quickly.
The netflash market volume, which should be used to wear the equipment, is expected to break 100 million dollars in 2022. The King of Cabled Equipment includes smart watch, tws machine, etc. According to idc data, in 2019 there were approximately 237 million items of Cabled Equipment (not including tws headphones), which we expect to be delivered.
The volume of airpodspro is expected to double, the sales of tws headphones in Andres continue to explode, and the size of the market for tws headphones continues to grow rapidly. According to industry chain research, the capacity of the new airpods is expected to increase further to 256 mb next year.
The size of the airpodsnorflash market will reach $108, 184, 260 million, respectively: Andre tws has a large difference at the lower end, and the built-in capacity of noorflash floats at 4m-128m, based on the logic of increasing functionality and driving capacity, we assume that Andre market averages noor for 2020-2022.
The annual increase in flash capacity shows that the Andretwsnorflash market size is US$ 0.71/128.8 million. iot module (smart home, etc.)
The iot module consists mainly of cellular and wifi versions, and the market model for the market is expected to be close to $200 million in 2021. The iot module is the core of the object network, and the general iot module is divided into wifi modules (mainly applied to smart homes) and cellular modules, with cellular modules divided into cellular modules.
2g/3g/4g traditional cellular modules and itecat-m, nb-iot new cellular modules with lower power and lower cost will accelerate the spread of the network. Based on berginsight and idc data, we estimate that 2020-2022 will be the year 2020 - 2022 for norflash in the iot module market.
The new standards for smart meters are about to be implemented, resulting in a huge volume of nonorflash requirements.
Seven years have passed since the introduction of concepts such as 5g, the Internet, the electricity grid, etc., smart meters will also be updated to follow the advance of the electronics industry. The new standards for smart meters are aligned with the Ir46 standards developed by the International Law System Measurement Organization in 2012, the most significant change in the new standards is the requirement for measurement.
Part and part of the function are relatively independent. According to industrial information, for a single table, each meter requires a 128-m2 norflash, the metering core requires a 256m norflash, and the table management core requires a 256m , and the metering core requires 512m.
With the new standards in place, there will be an increase in demand of nearly $200 million. In the first half of 2020, the first tender for a national grid smart meter fell on the same scale, mainly because the country’s network slowed down the bidding process while waiting for the new generation of a formal call for a smart meter, which is expected to pick up rapidly after the new standards are implemented.
According to market research, the smart meter Ir46 standard has been completed and is in a state of readiness, with new standards expected to be introduced in 2021. On the basis of this survey, we expect noorflash to be on the smart meter market of $158.9 million in 2021-2022.
3) High-end market: Smart car & 5g base station ~5g base station brings noorflash additional fpga, soc is widely used in 5g base station, and noorflash is configured fpga and
Soc is the best option. In storing fpga configuration images and soc start-up codes, the nonflash memory can provide high reliability at initial response and start-up, with a low time delay, while remaining on the market for 10 years or more, much more popular than the Nand and sd cards.
For 1 gb or higher density, 1.8 vq-spi or octalspi, noorflash above industrial temperature to configure or activate the fpga and/or soc used in the system.
And bbu mostly, according to our base station dismantling data, the aau and bbu of a single 5g base station has made it possible to use more than 5gbit norflash (the main supplier is cypress and Wanghang), with a large capacity of 1 gb and above norflash, which has become a large demand.
The market size of the 5g base station is growing rapidly. According to Ministry of Information and Communications data, by the end of 2019, we had over 130,000 5g base stations, and next year three operators will have 55-800,000 (estimated at 680,000 in median) stations, assuming that the number of global base stations is 1.5 times the number of base stations in the country.
We expect an additional 1,002.95 million base stations to be built around the world in 2020/2011. Using 5g base stations, conservatively calculated using 5gb capacity, we expect a total of 0.95, 1.83 and 274 million dollars in 2020-2022 at the 5g base station market.
A smart car brings up the amount of noorflash, and the level of motor intelligence increases in tandem with the requirements of noorflash. From the parts of the car, it's as small as a car, a car camera, adas as big as an advanced driver's support system.
On the other hand, nonflash has the ability to start instantaneously, and the vehicle displays immediately after it is turned on can show the information on the vehicle or the image of the rear-view mirror.
So it's the best option for the control system. Today's car dashboards contain a variety of high-resolution graphics showing that even without automatic/auxiliary driving power, it takes at least 12 mit or more norflash, and as the car becomes more intelligent, the car is entertaining.
All components, such as integrated, intelligent driving systems, display systems, navigation systems, cameras, sensors, and car network modules, can be configured for noorlash, and the increase in vehicle capacity for noorflash will be a long-term trend. The year has reached $770 million. We believe that the proportion of vehicles equipped with smart systems, such as adas, is fast.
Upgrade (the Chinese Auto-engineering Institute expects our adas to reach 40% penetration in new cars by 2020) and vehicle capacity will increase rapidly, taking into account the full-scale forecast of car sales from Jatodynamic, which we estimate to be carrying noorflash in 2020-2022.
The size of the market is US$ 5.8, 670 million, respectively. 1.5, depth benefits from downstream market development, trillions of netflash income growth, corporate nonflash product lines are comprehensive, with cumulative output exceeding 13 billion.
A series of products ranging from 512kb to 2gb, with voltage covering 1.8v, 2.5v, 3.3v, and wide voltage products, provide high performance, low power consumption, high reliability, high safety, etc. for different applications, respectively. 2020h1, the company introduced a high domestic lead capacity of 2gb, high performance gd25/gd55b/t/x
A series of products, representing the highest standards of the spinorflash industry, successfully entered the apple supply chain, and the company ate the biggest cake in the tws headphones industry. The company is the main supplier of applesairpods2 and airpodspro, and we believe that the company and the company are together.
Apple cooperation will continue over the next few years, and airpods’ orders will take a long time for company noorflash to collect $704, 10.41 and 1,436 million in tws headphones in 2022. The company’s products, certified through aec-q100, are the only national product currently produced by car regulations.
In March 2019, Moi easily announced that his whole series of gd25 spinorflash had completed aec-q100 certification, which is currently the only national car-promotion flash product providing high-performance and high-reliability flash solutions for the front-loading market and for specific applications requiring a car-based product.
Gd25norflash has been introduced in domestic and foreign car factories, including car manufacturers in Japan and South Korea. We believe that, as autopilots, car connections and new energy vehicles develop, the car industry is increasingly demanding storage units, and the promising products are being recognized by a growing number of large customers and will be in the future.
Products have been consistently well received in mobile screen displays, iot, etc., and are gradually being infiltrated into high-end markets such as cars, base stations, etc. The company’s products are now concentrated in consumer electronics markets, showing markets on mobile phones screens, etc.
In the iot market, the company's high-end products are available on Appleairpods, and a variety of easy-to-dot modules are available on low-cost products. Since 2017, the public administration has quickly taken over the market with a large number of low-capacity products from the central cost-down, completing market penetration rates.
With the successful development and bulk supply of high-volume products (256 m and above), the company’s products are expected to be delivered on a large scale in high-end areas such as vehicles and base stations.
Slcnand shares a common-base memory with noorflash, which is widely used in many applications. Slc, because of its two most recognizable states, has the fastest, longest-lived, most stable condition of the same master chip and computational logic, and the error rate is almost negligible in terms of modern technology.
It is well suited for high performance, durability, low-capacity and small-size applications, and is widely applied to network communications, voice storage, smart television, industrial control, a roof box, printers, wearing equipment, and so on. The global slc Nand market is about US$ 1-15 billion, with price fluctuations smaller than large nandflash.
The company entered the slcnand industry in 2017, and its technology has been improving. 217q2, the public division has successfully developed 38nmslcnand, and has started to produce in 2017q3, and according to the company's public investor exchange notes, the company's 24nmslnand product will be produced globally.
Technology-led slcnand suppliers (global slcnand mainstream process nodes in 19nm - company nand products mainly include emmc, emcp and slcnand, which still have sufficient room for upgrading. The company slcnand products currently cover mainstream capacity from 1gb to 8gb)
Type, voltage covers 1.8v and 3.3v and provides a complete high performance and high reliability embedded application of the Nandflash product line, and the company also provides small capacity emmc solutions based on self-research nadflash, in addition to external procurement of dram and large volume nadflash particles, providing emcp
Solutions and medium- and high-capacity solutions meet the demand for mobile terminals, smart products, and large-volume markets. Although corporate nandflash products were delivered in bulk by the end of 2017, the collection was small, and there was sufficient room for release.
The ecological environment and the client base are very similar to the nonflash, and the company’s experience in the expansion of the nonflash business can well be replicated in the field of slcnand. The company’s slcnand product technology and capacity are now being addressed gradually, if the company’s slcnand city is at the current level of norflash.
18%) The business will contribute at least $1.5 billion in revenue to the company, equivalent to creating a major business outside the norflash business.
2.1. Dram is the largest semiconductor segment, the market is monopolized by foreign leaders, the storage of c is the most important semiconductor segment, and the dram is still the largest repository of c. According to wsts, the global semiconductor market was $418.3 billion in 2019, compared to 2018.
A decrease of $59.7 billion, of which the storage market size was $10.6 billion, or $59 billion less, compared to the same period, and the volatility of semiconductor production was mainly due to changes in storage prices. From the storage market, dram remained the largest segment of the storage market, with a market size of $62.1 billion in 2019, compared to $100 billion in 2018.
The dollar market has declined significantly, but the storage industry is a cyclical industry, with future industrial booms and expected output to return to its peak.
The global dram industry is extremely monopolistic, with 96% of the top three supplier markets. According to the Commonwealth of Nations, the global market share of 2020q2 Korean companies, the sum of three stars and sk-Helix, is 73.9%, roughly equal to 2020q1, with a world far ahead of the world in terms of output, well above the rest.
Taiwan, Japan, the United States of America, etc. The top three major dram supplier markets globally reached 94%, and the entire dram market is oligopoly. 2.2, drams are divided into mainstream and niche markets, and demand in the industry continues to grow.
The dram market is divided into mainstream and niche markets, with a ratio of 8%. The dram is divided into standard (pc)drams, server drams, mobile drams, graphics drams, and liase drams, based on downstream applications.
The consumer and custom markets, such as the digital top box, smart sound, smart watch, ten cents rich in specifications and downstream applications, have a small variety of characteristics, and the Māori rate is higher than the standard dram market.
The share is 7.8 per cent, which is expected to increase by 7 to 8 per cent from 2019. Figure 35: Growth of the share of the niche dram market by 8.2 per cent. The largest growth in mainstream dram demand in the future comes from the server end.
The primary drivers of rapid growth are the demand for storage from pc, smart phones, tablets, data centre servers, which are now the largest demand source for the dram industry due to the rapid development of cloud computing. Starting with 73% of the demand in 2015, the demand for the dram contribution of the server has been growing at a higher rate.
First of all, the future will be accompanied by clouds and the gradual growth and expansion of the Aryan cloud, which will further expand the size of the market without a national product, dram. Cloud computing is the largest increase in the server market, and cloud producers’ capital spending is mainly on data centers.
In recent years, cloud computing, capital spending by Internet companies have continued to increase, mainly to their data centre infrastructure, and their procurement has become a major driver of the growth in demand for equipment such as servers, switches, etc.
Equipment such as servers, switches, storage, security, etc. Figure 38: The share of goods delivered by cloud data centre servers continues to rise Figure 39: The cloud data centre switch dominates the overall market
5g, ai, and iot bring new demands to basedram. The final product of the object network is characterized by a high mix of small volumes (hmlv), such as smart sound boxes and wearable devices, which require customized medium/low density drams to support these functions because of their computing power and data storage requirements.
Liquidram would therefore be very appropriate. In addition, the development of 5g has triggered the needs of Lijidram, with 4 gbddr3 or dddr4 for the 5g base station, while the ai accelerator could be 4 gb or 8 gblpddddr4, in addition to which 5 gcpe could use 2 gb or 4 gblpddddr4
4x. With the booming growth of iot, 5g, and ai, the market demand for Liquidram will continue to rise. 2.3 Market barriers are extremely high, and long-term storage is China’s hope that dram’s industrial technical barriers are high, that they are easily innovative, and that China’s middle-core patent applicants are large.
The dram industry is a high-tech barrier industry, and the development of storage technologies such as dram must have autonomous R & D techniques to break through the patent barriers of the world's giants. Currently, Samsung, sk Hercules, Toshiba, and Light technology have an absolute advantage in the number of patents, creating a technology blockade on new entrants.
There has been a marked decline in applications from Ling, Dairyi, and Fuston, and the chip-storage industry is gradually concentrating on top businesses. Our country’s patent applications come mainly from businesses in Taiwan, China, and mainland companies have only China’s core and omens.
China’s development of dram is difficult, and the stocking is the hope of China’s dram industry. At present, China’s leading dram manufacturers are Fu Jianhua, Yung Yu, and Purple Gwang Nanjing, but the production chain is still mainly in Li Jing, Taiwan, so now China’s home-grown dram is Fu Jianhua.
The first stage of the compost is 8 gblpdddr4, based on the 19 nm platform, and is directed to smartphones: Fujian Jinhua and Taiwan's Federation of Electric Technology, planning the first phase of a 25nm4gbdddr4ddr3 product, which is scheduled to be gradually transferred to 20nm in 2020.
Unfortunately, in October 2018, Fujian Jinhua was placed on the export control list by the United States Department of Commerce, and the Taiwan Union announced that the dram development programme had been terminated, and that, as a result of the American embargo, Fujian Jinhua’s raw material inventory was rapidly depleted, the project was currently struggling.
The Yangjiang storage is also developing dram technology, but it may take longer to produce, so long-term storage is the only hope for China’s dram industry in the short term. The source is the bankrupt German Chimunda, which was separated from the British Flying Double.
The dram chip company, which has since received part of the Chimunda legacy from some domestic storage companies, the Longsuggets, which has resulted in the collection of more than 10 million dram-related technical documents and 2.8 tb data. It's also that Chimonda has actually proposed a stacking concept of the “tripo of the entombed grid”, but it's not yet possible.
The long-term storage has been authorized to acquire a stack of technology related to Chimonda, which has steadily advanced the 46nm of Chimongda to 10 nm through global recruitment and advanced manufacturing equipment, and has begun exploring new technologies such as hkmg, euv, and gaa, which have completed the blue-oriented approach.
The stockholdings are composts (99.75% of the funds) and composts for emerging strategic industrial development companies (the combustible share of the composts is up to 40,000 units per month, breaking the foreign corporate monopoly.
For three periods, with a capacity of 120,000 per month, the total postnatal capacity of three periods will reach 360,000, or 30 per cent of the total current global capacity. In September 2019, the long-term storage announcement project was launched, with an official yield of 19nm8gbddr4 and 20,000 units per month by the end of the year. In the first quarter of 2020, the company produced 20,000 units per month.
By 2021, the storage capacity will be expected to reach 120,000 units per month, and 17 nm technology development will be completed.
Monopoly in the dram market is a landmark development in our storage market. 2.4. Together, the drams are stored into the dram field, opening up the company's growing ceiling. October 2017. Cooperation agreements were signed between M.I.A. and co-manufacturing products. 19 nm of the process.
The development of 12-inch crystal circle storage units (including drams, etc.) in the memory was formally advanced into the area of dram.In 2019, the company signed an Investment Agreement on Transferable Credits (ICA) with the Fertilizers, the Fertilizers, and the Combines, which agreed to invest $300 million in the project in the form of fungible claims, and to continue to study and discuss options for follow-up cooperation.
In April 2020, the company signed a framework purchase agreement, a substitute service agreement and a daily trading framework agreement for a joint product development platform, which promotes the sale of dram products, surrogates, and engineering.
Close cooperation. At present, the company has basically established a marketing and operating system for dram, with a growing number of customers and performance. In surrogates, after self-research dram succeeds, the company will be placed in the stock of drams for production, so that it can enter the vast dram market and be free from the pressure of huge capital spending.
On 3 June 2020, the company successfully completed a non-public stock issue, raising $4,324 million in funds, mainly for dram chip research and development and industrialization projects. Through this project, the company intends to develop dram technology under the 1xnm scale (19nm, 17nm) process, design and develop ddr3, lpdddr3,
The ddr4, lpdddr4 series of dram chips. We believe that the company’s incoming basedram business is more compatible with existing storage operations, making full use of the advantages of current customer and R & D resources, and further raising the company’s income ceiling.
Figure 48: Anticipated implementation time and overall schedule of the various phases of the project Leads the niche dram competitors and companies have a cost advantage. Of the world’s leading dram manufacturers, except for Samsung, Lights, Hercules, all focus on production and marketing of the liki dram.
The company’s future products will go straight through the 17nm/19nm process, with a significant lead in competition, thus gaining a cost advantage and promising to get out of one of its own ways in a stable niche market.
iii. mcu, Sensor dual-pronged, overall layout iot 3.1, mcu technology progressing and integration continuously increasing mcu, microcontrounit acronyms, which can be called microcontrol units, single-discrete microcomputers,
Single video machines, a chip that combines cpu, ram, rom, timer and multiple i/o interfaces. Bits, 64 bits, different digits of mcu are suitable for different fields, and the higher the number of digits represents the greater the capacity for data processing, the more complex the application landscape is.
Refinement, essentially national substitution. By command structure, mcu can be divided into cisc (complementactionsetputer, complex command set computer) and risc (reducedrictionsetcomputter, streamlined command set).
Microcontrols (Microcontrols), in which the rsc command set is mainstream. In mcu, which uses the rrisc command set, it can be divided into arm structures, mips structures, powerpc structures and 3.2, mcu markets with a high concentration of competitive patterns, and Chinese manufacturers are still catching up.
Starting with several large-scale Mcu mergers and acquisitions between major manufacturers, industry concentration has continued to rise. Formerly the Mcu market major players include the U.S. microchip, the Illuminati semiconductor, Risatech, the Texas instrument, and Engji Pu. According to ihs, the global mcu industrycr5 reached 72.80% in 2017, industry.
China’s mcu market is dominated by foreign investors, with none of the top five suppliers. According to ihs, the top eight producers in China’s mcu market were foreign producers in 2018, with a total income of 87.30%, the combined share of electronics and oasis innovation among domestic suppliers was less than 5%, and our mcu market was held hostage by foreign investors.
The annual business income of the mcu is about $454 million, which is $404 million for easy innovation, and in the high-end mcu area, which is the top eight manufacturers worldwide, Chinese-continent enterprises generally focus on low-end consumer electronics (mega-friendly innovation has made a breakthrough in the high-end mcu area).
3.3. Downstream market demand rises, with the global mcu market breaking $20 billion in size: the largest global mcu application is the vehicle and industrial market, and the largest Chinese market is the consumer electronic market. According to ifind data, the main global mcu downstream market in 2018 was car electronics and jobs.
Control/medical, computer and consumer electronics, of which car electronics is the largest downstream market, accounting for 33%; China ' s most important market is consumer electronics and computers, and China ' s total electronic and industrial controls are only 27%. Globally, vehicle and industrial controls are the largest downstream market of mcu, but because of our country,
Because the indigenous auto industry and the industrial equipment manufacturing industry are lagging behind, the domestic market is mainly concentrated in lower-end consumer markets. We believe that, as our industrial manufacturing progresses at 4.0, the local auto industry and the industrial equipment manufacturing industry are developing very rapidly, and our mcu market structure is closing to the global market.
Figure 56: Global share of mcu applications in various fields
The global market for mcu will be more than $20 billion, and the Chinese market will grow at a much faster rate than the global average. The icinsights report indicates that the global market for mcu was $18.6 billion in 2018, with a volume of 30.6 billion and an expected growth rate of 9 per cent in 2019, up to $20.357 billion;
ihs data, the size of China ' s market in 2018 was 21.8 billion yuan. Although the growth in the mcu sector slowed after 2016 as a result of the influence of the State ' s leverage, enterprise ' s ability to produce and inventory, overall, the annual composite growth rate in China ' s mcu sector between 2008 and 2018 was 7.2 per cent, which is the same period.
Four times the global capr, with China now leading the development of the physical network and the new energy vehicle industry, China’s Mcu market is expected to continue to grow at a much faster pace than the global market in the future. 3.4, the company is the leader of the internal capital mcu, and the forward-looking layout of the risc-v inner core mcu
The company was the leader of 32 mcus in China and the leader in breaking the foreign high-end mcu monopoly. In 2014-2019, the company ' s business grew at an average annual compound growth rate of 36.8%, and in 2018 it was affected by the overall slowdown in the economy and external growth and international trade disputes.
More than 30%. Corporate mcu Māori rates have remained stable for many years, while company mcu Māori rates have remained constant at over 40% between 2016 and 2019, and the stability of profitability in the context of the global large price reduction for mcu products has amply demonstrated the ability of companies to develop new products.
Figure 61: Corporate mcu Māori rate maintained at over 40% in 2016 - 2019. Gd32 series of mcu products based on anrmcorpex-m4 core was introduced in 2016, breaking down European-American manufacturers, mainly for industry and consumer-based embedded applications, applicable to industrial automation, human interfaces, security.
At present, the company ' s gd32 series of products includes thousands of kernels based on anrcortex-m3/m4 and has a secure market front. In mcu line division, companies cover low-middle-high-end products and have low prices.
Gd32e230 series mcu, with high-end engineering and mcu. The company is currently developing wireless and low-power mcu, which will further expand the market space for portable products and wearable applications in the future. In the vehicle area, the company has worked with a number of Tier 1 and oems and has passed the car class.
Quality system certification, which in the future will be accompanied by both front-loading and backloading markets. The company has a forward-looking mind, with a global headline, risc-v kernel mcu. In August 2019, M.O.I. introduced open source command architecture risc-v to the generic mcu, officially launching the first global base.
The gd32v series of risc-v cores is 32-bit generic mcu, supported by complete tool chains such as the program code library, integrated development environment, embedded operating systems, cloud ecology, and development boards. The risc-v set of instructions is an excellent opportunity for China to bend over in the cpu field and is expected to become one of the world’s mainstream cpu cores in the future.
The company’s forward-looking layout at the rsc-vmcu is expected to narrow the gap with advanced foreign firms in mcu technology and lay a good foundation for the company’s future development. The mcu market is a foreign monopoly, and why does the company continue to succeed in the mcu market?
China’s mcu market is more than 15% of the world’s total, with a single Chinese capital, mculong.
The income of the head of the firm is less than 5 per cent of the total size of the country, while the global flagship accounts for more than 20 per cent, and the leading domestic firms account for a large margin of improvement: on the other hand, the mcu downstream industrial chain (manufacturing industry) is relatively concentrated in the domestic market, and a major advantage of the domestic mcu enterprise is reflected in the ease with which the product is delivered.
CONTROL: Finally, the Chinese-American trade dispute has led Chinese enterprises to worry about selecting core parts and components, and the fact that they did not previously consider the national products on the list has been taken into account.
In terms of technology, the previous analysis of corporate products has amply demonstrated the company's technological capacity for R & D and, in addition, the ecology of mcu products is extremely important. The company has equipped its own products with a set of development tools and learning packages, and has worked with various universities in the country to create “mixed innovation”
We believe that the success of companies such as st and others on mcu has amply demonstrated the importance of “ecology”, that the ecosystem of mcu products is perfect, that ip nuclear, developmental environment (ide), and that the combination of solutions and service capabilities constitute the core barriers that make it possible to do the most ecologic work in the country.
A good business, a company’s storage business, is complemented by mcu business, strong technological power, and a sound ecological environment that is the deepest moat for innovation mcu business. 3.5. Acquisitions, thought-provoking, further strengthening the iot layout.
In January 2018, the company announced that it intended to purchase 100% of the shares in Shanghai Slice Electronics in the form of cash and shares. On May 31, 2019, 100% of the shares held by the other party in this transaction were changed to the name of the listed company.
Slim's main base camp operations include contact control products, fingerprints. Slim's microprints started to show an explosive growth in 2017, rising from 34.38 million in 2016 to 358 million in 2017.
At the time of the merger, Slim promised a net profit to his parent after deducting non-recurring losses and losses for the period 2018-2020.
As the field opens up, the company's screen prints and side prints were expected to be released quickly this year, yet the epidemic's front-line technology, long-term thinking of a small future, is full of imaginations. According to the company's announcement, thinking of the forward technology reserves of micro-enterprises is in two main directions: mini-oversmems technology, embedding ai technology.
Microsound mems technology can be used in mobile smart terminals, Internet markets, home-based smart hardware, cars, etc. The mems single silicon pumt process has been designed and the overall development progress is within the bounds of control. The embedding technology can be applied in future to smart medicine, embedded artificial intelligence robots, etc.
Sensors are an important part of the iot, and companies are getting better layouts in the field of access to goods. After acquisition, companies can provide mcu, storage (flash), telemetry (tactile, tactile) for iot applications.
Fingerprints, ultrasounds, other sensors based on audio-optic technology) and a set of systems and solutions, including corresponding algorithms, software, have become closed loops in the field of networking. The city is a trillion-class market, and the company has become one of the most comprehensive companies in the country in the field of iot.
Four or more years of development, with companies completing the global layout of the storage industry 4.1, starting with the storage industry, and gradually expanding its operations to the mcu and sensor fields, more than a decade of development, and research and development innovation is the soul of the company.
It's a China-based global chip design company. Since its inception, research and development innovation has been the soul of the company, and with this spirit of innovation, the company has moved into the fields of sram, noor flash, nadflash, dram and fingerprint identification, and has quickly entered many fields.
The company's operations are divided into three main directions: storage, control, and sensors, with a wide range of products. The company's stores consist mainly of three major sections: noorflash, slcnand and dram.
In the third largest market in the world, storage focuses on niche markets and applications such as consumer electronics, industrial controls, auto electronics, medical care, etc. The company’s mcu operations are mainly based on anrm kernels and are widely used in a wide range of areas, such as networking, industrial controls, consumer electronics, and the launch of the world’s first risc-v architecture in 2019.
The company has entered the field of sensors through the acquisition of Slim and has become one of the world ' s leading fingerprint recognition ic leaders, further deepening its profile in the field of iot. 4.2. The physical control of the human industry is experienced and has strong control over the company.
The company’s first shareholder is Mr. Chu Yiming, who owns control. In addition, the company’s other major shareholders include the National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund, the Sino-China Investment Fund, the Gweyton Investment and the Xinan Investment Agreement, which promise not to actively seek control of the listed company.
The major shareholder, Chu Yiming, is well-versed and also Chairman of Fatty Chu. The chairman of the company, Chu Yiming, was born at Qinghua University and has worked in the semiconductor industry in the United States for many years, and has been a public servant since 2005.
The director of the department, who is the company’s most important core technician, has very deep industrial experience. Zhu Iming joined the board of directors of the Global Semiconductor Alliance, gsa, China’s second semiconductor executive to the gsa board.
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer.
In 2015-2019, the growth in corporate revenue and net return profits slowed, but remained at more than 10%, and the increase in net return profits was always positive. In 2019 and 2020h1, the revenues were $3,203 million and $1,658 million, respectively, equal to the increase.
42.62 per cent and 37.91 per cent: net return profits of $607 million and $363 million, respectively, rebounded from year-on-year growth, on the other hand due to the combined harvest of sensor operations in June alone in 209h1 and the overall stability of the Māori rate and net interest rate, although slightly down in 2018, started after 2019.
2.73 per cent and 6.34 per cent. With regard to the composition of the principal income, the storage chip is the company ' s main product, with steady growth in business income, with income from 2020h1 as a share of total revenue of 79.36 per cent, while the Māori rate remains at 37 per cent to the right, mainly due to the increase in the value of the nonflash business; and the share of the mcu business from 2020h1 battalion.
14.93 per cent, with a Māori rate of around 40 per cent, benefited from increased market demand for consumer groups, computers, etc., with higher incomes compared to the same period last year; after the acquisition of Slim, the company ' s new sensor business received 5.49 per cent and Māori was about 50 per cent.
Research and development (R & D) expenditures continue to increase and are more cost-containable. Companies continue to scale up their research and development (R & D) efforts to improve product competitiveness, while R & D costs have remained high at $363 million and $221 million respectively in 2019 and 2020, and R & D costs account for 11.33 per cent and 13.33 per cent respectively.
Corporate R & D costs increased by 74.52 per cent in 2019 over the same period, mainly due to an increase in the total remuneration of R & D staff. Marketing costs for company 2018-2020h1 showed little change; management costs (including R & D costs) increased; and corporate spending on various costs remained generally stable, indicating strong cost control capabilities of companies.
In 2015-2018, the company ' s turnover of accounts receivable continued its downward trend, indicating a good repayment capacity. In 2020h1, the turnover of accounts receivable increased slightly, from 16 days in 2019 to 19 days. In 2019, the industry went up the road.
The supply of company products has declined and stock turnover days have declined. The increase in stock turnover for company 2020h1 was 141 days, and the amount of inventory increased to 917 million, mainly as a result of the company's planned increase in self-research dram projects for the second half of 2020. In terms of solvency, the capacity of the company has improved significantly.
The liquidity and speed ratios have risen significantly, the asset-liability ratios have declined significantly, and the solvency of companies has improved. In terms of cash flows, operating 2020h1 generated cash flows of $77 million, a decrease of 77.95 per cent compared to the previous year, owing to, on the one hand, the higher volume of inventory, the higher volume of vendor procurement and the current level of procurement.
Large gold outflows, on the other hand, increased cash outflows as a result of increases in employee remuneration; cash flows from fund-raising activities amounted to $4.155 billion, an increase of 224.353 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the non-public release of $4.284 billion in funds received in May 2020, which will be used in the future to carry out dram autonomous research and development projects; and investment activities.
The raw cash flow was -2.98 billion yuan, a decline of 1592.33 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the need for a certain period of time for the construction of fund-raising investment projects and the temporary idleness of the company’s funds for the purchase of bank property.
5.1. Fragmentation and forecasting: In terms of revenue, the future growth of the company’s revenue is based on capacity and prices. The company’s norflash process will gradually shift to 55 nm, and the same wafer will increase the output of about 25% of the die.
And the company works in a strategic relationship with the alternative plant, and it's relatively easy to raise its capacity. We assume that the company's share continues to rise and operates in high-moric areas such as fast-tracking auto electronics, 5g base stations. Nandflash: In terms of revenue collection, the company's real capacity is high due to a variety of technological and probative factors.
In the case of Māori, assuming that global slcnandflash prices are stable, and that the company’s success rate can be improved successfully over the next three years.
mcu: In terms of revenue collection, the company ' s product coverage has been increasing, with the ability to capture the short-term blast market on the one hand, and the penetration of the high-end areas of vehicle carrying, engineering and control on the other, assuming the same quality system certification of vehicle-grade shipments over the next three years, with the same pre-power and backloading market and product structure rising.
SLEVEL: In terms of revenue collection, the company's main business is fingerprint identification and touch control, with fingerprint recognition, which accounts for over 90% of the income. While the market for fingerprint recognition is highly competitive, the price of fingerprint recognition under the capacitated fingerprint and optical screens continues to decline, the company's new model and new customers continue to be imported, and it is expected that they will continue to be imported.
Dram: In terms of revenue collection, the company’s dram business is divided into two main categories, namely, sales and self-study, with revenue from sales of $473/2016 million in 2022. In terms of Māori, the dram business is relatively low, while the self-research dram Māori rate is expected to be over 30 per cent.
Due to the company ' s research and development and its failure to contribute to the company ' s performance, due to cautious considerations, we did not include the self-study of the company ' s performance in profit projections, predicting a company ' s business performance in 2020-2022, which is 77 times the average per capita in 2021. Companies are the only storage industry in the country.
The U.S. Department of Commerce's Department of Industry and Security has announced the blacklisting of Chinese enterprises like China, and is considering whether to take measures against China Harbour International Integrated Circuit Manufacturing Ltd., if China and the US trade in technology increases, it could have a negative impact on corporate product surrogates and downstream sales.
2) Noorflash is a cyclical industry with low demand in the downstream consumer electronics market due to the impact of the epidemic. Noorflash prices have now stopped rising and noorflash will continue to fall in the future if downstream demand continues to decline
Prices are likely to fall. The company’s main business is noorflash, and the growth rate of the harvest may be affected. (3) Dram products are not as fast as expected, the company has invested heavily in the dram project, the dram industry barriers are very high, and large multinational companies are very large.
Samsung, Hercules and Light are powerful in terms of R & D capabilities, customer base, market experience, branding and visibility.
Slim’s most important business is fingerprint identification, poor sales of epidemic-affected products, and the risk that the company’s performance will not recover significantly in the course of the six-month period will not meet its performance commitments. On September 5, 2020, Mr. Chu Yiming, the company’s real control, announced that it would take a centralized competitive approach to trading.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment