Storage of the whole platform layout of the chip, fingerprinting to identify the new track, M.O.I. (603986.sh) 21st of July 2020
• Nationally stored chip-header, first-time coverage of a "buy-in" rating, M.O.I. is a national semiconductor design manufacturer with extensive layouts for the storage of chips, microcontrols, sensor chips. In storage of chips, the company achieved three key storage chips: noor, nad, and dram.
In the case of sensor chips, the subsidiary's fingerprint recognition chip and touch chip operations are the third and fourth, respectively, in the world. They benefit from downstream warmth and reflections, with 2019 and 2020q1, respectively.
..noor casts the fundamentals of performance, and dram imagines that space is perfect, and in 2019, at a low price for the storage chip, the harvest of the M.O.I. chip was still 39.0% longer. On the n.o., the M.O.I. is third in the global market of noorflash, benefiting from the demand of the tws.
In terms of dram, in September 2019, the sum of 8 gbddr4 particles began to produce, and the capacity began to climb up the slopes, with the oasis innovation as a national dram chip designer, which would benefit in depth from the storage product.
On May 31, 2019, the M.O.I. was able to create a microsummation of the core of the national fingerprint chip industry; as required by performance commitments, the net profit from the design of the micro-return in 2020 would need to be $134.7 million.
In the light of the continuing upward penetration and the significant acceleration in the penetration rate of the fingerprint chip under the screen, Slim, as the only global company with a full fingerprint product, will benefit in depth from the growing demand for and technology of the fingerprint chip.
Storage of chip-wide platform layout, business expansion enabler take-off: Micro-Innovation was established in 2005 as a wide-ranging semiconductor designer for chip storage, micro-controllers, sensor chips. For chip storage, the year-end production of dram chips was successfully co-operated with the compost lump, resulting in noor, nad and dram III.
In microcontrols, the company launched its first 32bitmcu in 2013 and launched the rsc-v architecturemcu in 2019, which is now the third largest manufacturer in the domestic mcu market. In sensors, in 2019, the company successfully acquired the Slv and the advance fingerprint identification chip field.
Microprint identification chips and touch chip operations are ranked third and fourth globally, respectively. Business income is growing steadily: benefiting from the growing demand of clients, the roll-out of new assistive chip operations are moving up to the top, with a steady increase in promising business income from 2014-2018, subject to medium-term constraints.
The impact of increased trade friction in the United States and lower product prices as a result of the release of productive capacity, the increase in corporate income in 2018 and the significant increase in net parent profits: the year 2014-2018 was marked by a synchronized trend in the rate of increase in profit from parent net profits, which continued to grow. Beneficiary benefits downstream.
The recovery in demand and the sharp increase in revenue caused by the microsummation, with an increase of $155 million in R&D costs and a combined increase of $92.2 million in sales and management costs, achieved a 49.9 per cent increase in the net return profit of the company in 2019. The 2020q1 revenue level continued to be strong in the second half of 2019, resulting in a similar increase in the net return profit.
The rate of increase was as high as 323.2 per cent.
The share of the storage chip camp continued to decline, and the collection structure became more flowery: with a steady increase in the storage chip camp, the increase in the price of the lucrative Mcu business camp was more marked in 2014-2018, and the share of the business sector continued to rise. Owing to the low demand in the automobile industry, there was a sharp increase in the accumulation of the storage chip camp, which was in 2019.
The product upgrading support Māori rate continues to be optimized: benefiting from new product overlaps and wider applications, the Māori rate for easily innovative chip storage is on the rise, and the Māori rate for mcu products remains relatively high. As the product structure of the subsidiary moves towards optical fingerprint identification chips, it became more visible in 2019.
The Māori rate for chip operations is as high as 50.3 per cent, figure 5: Māori levels for key products of mega-prevalence innovation are relatively stable, noor forms the basis of performance, and dram imagines space.
The storage chip market consists mainly of three core products, noor, dram, and Nand: in terms of market size, the global market size of noor, dram, and Nand is about $2.6 billion, $83 billion and $61 billion, respectively, which together account for more than 90% of the market share of the storage chip market.
As you can see, noor is the container for the storage of program code, and dram is the platform for running the code after the system's start-up, which is used to store the data generated by the program running process. The stocking of chip sales is on the rise, and price levels are still on the decline: benefiting from the expansion of new customers and importing new ones.
Product, storage chip collection increased by 39.0% in 2019. Depending on the global storage chip price, which was still down in 2019, the average price of a micro-inventive chip is still falling at a time when sales have increased significantly. Figure 8: The price of a micro-inventive chip is declining.
For the nor chip business, MVI has been third in the world in the noorflash market: as major international plants, such as Light and Cypress, have gradually withdrawn from the low- and medium-capacity noor market, adding MIG to the positive growth of customers, the market share of MIG Noor chip has increased from 7 per cent to 19 per cent from 2016 to 2020 q1.
In June of that year, it was projected that downstream clients in 2020h1 would increase their purchasing power over norflash as a result of concerns about supply chain disruptions, and that as of June 2020 the customer stock level was relatively high. Further, since downstream demand had not yet shown significant signs of recovery, adding up to the client stock, there was a continuing risk of a fall in global norfalsh prices of 2020h2.
For the slcnand chip business, the niche market has potential opportunities: depending on the storage density, the nand chip is divided into three main categories: slc, mlc, and tlc, corresponding to the storage of 1, 2 and 3 bits per unit. Similar to the nor chip, the market size of slcanand is also relatively small, making international storage large.
In addition, there is a steady demand for slcnand in areas where there is a high degree of durability, such as industrial controls, communications, and roof boxes. For dram chip operations, dramp innovation is a key node for national substitution: the dram track is one.
A market that requires substantial capital spending to keep technology ahead and a growing monopoly on international storage giants. The dram chip, as a bulk commodity in the semiconductor sector, is centred on the process and cost of chip manufacturing, and the oasis that innovation plays a crucial role as an important partner in the production of dram manufacturers.
Emerging markets drive demand growth for drams, which are easily innovative or will benefit from depth: the impact on supply and demand of global storage chips, i.e. excess capacity, or will lead to price pressure on storage chips, is the impact of accelerated growth of demand in emerging markets or a weakening supply-side uplifting, which is easily innovable dram cores.
It is also easier to find a place in a continuously expanding market. The mcu market is about to recover, competition will continue to grow more resilient, and increased competition in the industry is forcing unit prices down: subject to the overall slowdown in demand for electronics,
The global market for mcu declined by about 6% in 2019, while Mcu sales and harvests continued to grow by 11.6% and 9.7%, respectively. As a result of increased competition in the 32bit microcontrol market, global mcu prices continued to fall, as did Mcu prices.
The mcu market is recovering and the distribution of broad products is generally stable: according to the icinsights, the average annual growth rate of the global mcu will be 3.9 per cent, as shown in figure 17, and the market size and share of the 32bit product in the global mcu market will rise rapidly in 2005-2016, while the growth rate of the 32bit product market slowed significantly in 2016-2020.
The relative stability of the ratio, the relative slowdown in technology overlaps and market growth, or the implication that competition in the mcu market still exists, figure 17: 32bit product market growth has slowed significantly, and successful acquisitions have been made, leading to the fingerprinting track.
Sensor harvests increased steadily: 2016-2018, as the company gradually shifted its strategic focus to fingerprint recognition chips, Slim's fingerprint recognition chip collection increased significantly, while the contact chip collection continued to contract. The downside demand was weak, and the 2019 collection was frustrated. (The sensor harvest included fingerprint chips and the 2019 harvest.)
The net profit level has risen significantly: with the growth of operating income, the level of Slim's net return profit for 2018-2019 is 10,000 yuan, meaning that Slim's net return profit of $134.7 million in 2020 will be needed. Fingerprint chip penetration continues to rise, and there is a trend towards the creation of fingerprint chip overlaps under the screen: based on the big data forecast for the Sun.
The penetration rate of fingerprinted chips in smartphones worldwide and in China continues to rise, rising to 88% globally in 2020, with a domestic penetration rate of 91%. With the continued increase in the penetration rate of fingerprinted chips, it is predicted that the penetration rate on screens will increase significantly, reaching its penetration rate in 2022.
To 50.3 per cent, Slim has long been working on the development of optical fingerprint sensor products and has made progress in the development of the mems ultrasound fingerprint, which is the only company in the world with a full print product that will benefit from the growth of demand for fingerprint chips and technological overlap.
(1) Due to the high demand for downstream supplies, the 2020q1 storage chip business has continued to grow more strongly, while the epidemic has led to continued pressure on consumption demand, with the storage chip market increasing or slowing down in 2020. We believe that global storage in 2021-2022 is driven by the continuing demand in emerging markets such as 5g, networking, smart drivers, etc.
(ii) Depending on low downstream demand, the growth rate of corporate mcu in 2019 slowed markedly; and the global mcu market (3) needs to contribute at least $134.7 million in net parent profits in 2020 if thinking is to succeed in meeting performance commitments.
The company is a national storage chip with scarce targets. We believe that the storage chip market is a high-quality track that continues to expand, but that is subject to a growing trend of concentration and persistent barriers to the storage chip market, where national producers struggle to compete in the mainstream storage chip market.
With the emergence of new demand, such as tws, underscreen storage, the market size of the noor chip market is expanding rapidly. Building on the steady performance of three operations – mcu, noor, slcnand – it is likely that innovation will be successfully M&A.
Slim has successfully developed the dram chip in collaboration with the compost, and will also have some valuation advantage in terms of the level of performance growth expected in the future as compared to the average of semiconductor design industries. For the first time, coverage gives a “buy-in” rating.
(b) The global microcontrolr market continues to shrink, affecting corporate revenue levels;