Improved self-employment, investment-end reforms or promotion of scale-up Events: Open issue securities published in the semi-annual 2023 report. 23h1. Companies realize a net profit from collection/return to the parent as wide distribution securities (000776).
During the first half of the 23rd year, there was a marked increase in self-employment, a small increase in the size of the public non-profit fund, and a “share-plus” fund.
The expansion of corporate financial investment assets was evident in the first half of the year. By the end of the first half of the year, corporate transactions had a sexual financial asset of $21,347 million, compared with +33.3 per cent at the beginning of the year.
Fonda Foundation and OMF are on a non-capitalized scale of 98,38,66,682,479 million yuan, compared to the beginning of the year: we believe that, with the opening of capital market end reforms, the “investment end” “trade end” incremental policy was launched with the prospect of accelerating long-term capital entry, and that both were or would be boosters.
In addition, on the one hand, the company's performance has been significantly restored and on the other hand, the company is qualified as an out-of-the-street dealer and will be in business in the future.
We expect future companies to take advantage of wealth management, asset management, and create a great wealth pole in the securities industry, suggesting attention. Risk factors: volatile capital markets; poor capital license plates; and a lack of business recovery.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in China-China Portfolio Portfolio and Chinese-Canadian Securities. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019. He was responsible for the AfDB. He was a master's degree in economics, University of Shandong; Master's degree in economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France; three years' experience in the non-Smoking financial sector. He was a teacher in economics, Wuhan University; Master's degree in actuarial sciences, Boston University; four years' experience in actuarials, June 2022.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.