Weichai Power (2338 HK/000338 CH)
Strong engine margin expansion in 2024; 55%
dividend payout ratio a record high
Weichai's net profit in 2024 grew 27% YoY to RMB11.4bn, which is in line with
our expectation. Net profit in 4Q24 grew 19% YoY to RMB3bn, driven by
28%/13% YoY reduction of S&D / R&D expenses despite a flat (YoY) revenue.
Weichai proposed a final dividend of RMB0.347/shr. This, together with the
China Capital Goods
interim dividend, implies a payout ratio of 55% (up from 50% in 2023), which is
Wayne FUNG, CFA
a record high level. We revise up our 2025E/26E earnings forecast by 9%/11%,
mainly due to higher margin assumptions for engine segment. We see several
catalysts for Weichai: (1) HDT demand recovery driven by new subsidies; (2)
12-mth Price Performance
strong growth of engines for data centres; (3) potential re-rating of KION Group
(KGX GR, NR). Our SOTP-based TP for A/H is revised up to
RMB18.7/HK$18.0. Maintain BUY.
Key highlights in 2024 results:
Strong margin expansion for engine segment. Weichai delivered a total
engine sales of 734k units (flat YoY). Exports, which grew 5%, accounted
for 9% of total engines sales. The segment revenue was down 2% YoY to
RMB59.4bn, due to a slight decrease in blended ASP (as a result of a 8%
sales volume decline in HDT engines which carried a higher ASP, in our
view). That said, the segment profit surged 35% YoY to RMB10.3bn, driven
by a 4.8ppt YoY expansion of segment margin (to 17.5%). We forecast the
segment margin to expand to 17.7%/17.8% in 2025E/26E, driven by the
recovery of HDT engine demand and strong growth of engines for data
centres.
HDT exports accounted for half of total HDT sales. Weichai delivered
118k units of HDTs (1.7% YoY). Exports grew 13% YoY to 59k units (50%
of total HDT sales). The segment recorded RMB563mn in profit in 2024,
with segment margin of 0.9%.
Forklifts & supply chain solution (KION Group) profit grew driven by
Source: FactSet
margin. The segment profit grew 21% YoY to RMB6bn in 2024. While
KION's latest guidance for 2025E is conservative (adjusted EBIT is
expected to be down 5%-21%), we are positive on the medium-term
outlook thanks to Germany's latest approval of the infrastructure
investment plan.
Solid margin expansion for agricultural machinery. While the segment
Source: FactSet
revenue growth slowed to 3% in 2H24 from 25% in 1H24, the segment
margin continued to expand.
Related reports:
Risk factors: 1) weakness in engine exports; 2) lower-than-expected
replacement demand in China; (3) contraction of diesel/gas price ratio.
Capital Goods - New subsidies on truck replacement cover NES IV and natural gas trucks; +ve to Weichai – 20 Mar 2025 (link)
Earnings Summary - 2338 HK
Capital Goods – Who are the potential beneficiaries of Germany's mega
infrastructure investment plan? 18 Mar
2025 (link)
Weichai Power - Expect strong volume
Feb 2025 (link)
Figure 1: Weichai's quarterly results
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Note 1: Weichai owns 46.5% interest in KION, 20% interest in Ballard Power and 20% interest in Ceres Power.
Note 2: Share of JV/associates excludes Ballard Power and Ceres Power
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.