Real performance exceeded the ceiling, with 3 billion buybacks highlighting long-term growth confidence - Middle 2021, Kyoto East reported high performance growth in the first half of the year, with real performance above the forecast ceiling
\triangleright used to predict that 21h1 would realize a net return profit of $12.5-12.7 billion, and that the actual return would amount to $12.8 billion, higher than the forecast ceiling. The demand for the beneficiary panels was high in the first half of the year, and the sales of the company's displays increased significantly, with sales equal to +18% and sales increased by +18%.
The same area was sold + 45%, showing a panel income of $104.7 billion, or +89%. 21q2 actually received $57.6 billion, or 75%, and the ring +16%. Added to the scarcity of raw materials, the price of the various dimensions of the panels was pushed forward. The company achieved a Māori rate of 34%, compared to +17.1pc, ring + 5.8pt, net interest rate of 17.6%, compared to +16.9pc, ring +
High performance growth, Chongqing Oriental Photovoltaics/Kyoto Light Power/Kyoto/Kyoto East Shows/Kyoto East Shows a net profit of 41/29/2321 million yuan, respectively.
The company plans to contribute $1 billion to the Yin Dong Wei Electronic Replenishment in Beijing to participate in the 12-inch integrated circuit production line of the special process based on the national production package, which will be deployed in key areas of integrated circuits, with the company holding a 9.14% share when the deal is completed. The Replenishment will strengthen the ecological chain layout of the company, while promoting the construction of the 12-inch national production line at Yin Dong Wei.
The cooperative investment of $8.2 billion (65% of Kyoto East) in building network mobile displays module production has resulted in the construction of a project with the capacity to display 150 million modules of various sizes per year, mainly for medium- and small-size display terminals such as smart phones, tablets, pens, etc. The project has helped companies to increase production efficiency by displaying the full process of end-production.
The lcd panel has a strong position, and the big buyback shows long-term growth confidence. The company ' s global lcd panel has a strong position, showing a secure global market position at lcd on smartphones, flats, pens, monitors, and televisions. The market for electronic paper displays continues to remain at over 60%.
Repurchases of not less than 350 million shares, and not more than 500 million shares, will be fully used in the equity incentive scheme, with a repurchase price of not more than $8.5 million per share, and a total value not more than $3 billion, giving a good indication of the company's letter of long-term growth in the future, which we consider to be underestimating and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The medium-sized panel produced less than expected, the offshore manufacturer ' s LCD exit was slow, and production capacity was not as high as expected. 1. In Kyoto Easta (000725), a performance forecast was reported: performance increased in the first half of the year.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.