Renovation is high, stock buybacks are strong for growth, a (000725.sz) is strong, and q2 is high for innovation. The first half of the year, the conductor shows the industry's mood.
It continues to be good, with resources gathering further towards leading firms, with corporate displays increasing by 18 per cent and sales by 45 per cent. lcd smartphones, flatboard computers, laptops, brain, monitors, televisions, five major mainstreams, show that the market for screen products continues to be the highest in the world;
The market for new applications grew by 66 per cent over the same period, with the share of electronic paper displays remaining at over 60 per cent; the sales of whole machine 3c products grew by 38 per cent over the same period.
Billion dollars, ring +46.27%; 33.96% per quarter, ring + 5.83 pct; net profit 17.58%, ring + 4.89 pct. At the same time, the company’s cash flow continues to be positive, operating net, expanding the production capacity of small and medium-sized modules and improving the integrated layout.
On completion of the project to build a joint venture company to build a mobile porter base for Kyoto Easter Networking, China Sea Control, United East Harbour, with a total investment of $8.17 billion and an annual production of $151 million of small and medium-sized modules, mainly for smartphones, tablet computers, notebooks, etc.
Electronics like computers. We believe that this production pattern will help to further expand the capacity of companies to move outward port devices to meet the new needs of their customers, while increasing the profitability of the module lines. It will also deepen the long-term strategic collaboration between Kyoto East and global brand clients and upgrade the company.
Practicing number: s150520030001 moves to show the market position and competitive advantage of the product-based modular market.
It is used to implement equity incentive schemes to further strengthen incentives to ensure that companies achieve long-term business objectives and enhance corporate value as a whole. At the same time, companies have reaped many R&D gains through continuous q2 plus development, at a cost of 2,713 million yuan and ring + 18.47 yuan.
In terms of patents, in the first half of the year there were over 4,500 patent applications, of which over 90 per cent were patented, over 33 per cent were patented overseas, and over-represented in areas such as oled, telepathy, artificial intelligence, big data.
50%; additional authorized patents over 3,900, of which overseas authorized patents over 1,200.
In addition, the company's soft-led roller product, with its first 55 inches of 4 kamqled, shows that the prototype has won an international prize.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: a product that benefits from the continuation of the industry, re-engineering of patterns and foresight.
In the meantime, the “buy-in” rating of companies is maintained. Kyoto Easta: 20 billion fixed increases, performance elasticity and risk factors: the epidemic is recurring and downstream demand falls short of expectations.
"Kyoto a: Three Quarters in record high, paneling, final performance release," 2020.10.30. "Kyoto a: proposed acquisition of cec Nanking, Chengdu line.
Further consolidation of industry leader status 2020.9.24 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City. Figure 1: Revenue and profit performance in the east of the city. Figure 2: Profit performance in the east of the city.
▪ Business income (billions)  net return (billions) Figure 3: Cost rates for the period of Kyoto Orientala Figure 4: R & D costs in Kyoto Orientala (billions)
Figure 5: Revenue and operating cash flows from Kyoto Orientala (billion yuan) Figure 6: Net profit and operating cash flows from Kyoto Orientala (billion yuan) Figure 8: Inventory from Kyoto Orientala (billion yuan)
Figure 7: Receivables from Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan)  Receivables (billions)
`, & $, & $, & $, & $, & $, & $, $, $, $, $, $, $, $, & $, Fang Jing, Xian University of Electronics and Technology.
3rd place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2rd place in the electronics sector, Crystalball, 18/19; and 3/2nd place in the electronics sector, Gold Bull Award, 18/19. Liu Shaqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, 2018, joined South-West Securities.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.