On the 14th of July, 2021, high performance and high innovation in the first half of the year.
The high profile of the panel industry contributed to the high growth of the company's performance The market value in circulation (millions of dollars):
In the first half of the 21st century, the company's performance increased significantly over the same period. In the first quarter of the second quarter, it achieved a net return to the mother, six months of mature production, continued to be sold at full capacity, the mainstream application of lcd continued to be a leader, product composition continued to be optimized, high-end product share increased significantly, profitability continued to increase and business performance increased.
In addition, the company has further advanced the construction of the framework of the "1+4+n" carrier industry, demonstrating the rapid development of careers, sensors and solutions, Mini-led, intelligent systems innovation and intelligent medicine.
It shows the extension of the value chain of the application of the industrial chain and the network of goods. 20 billion fixed increases are approved, the diversity layout is fully accelerated, and about $20 billion is spent on the acquisition of 24.06% of the Wuhan King Orient PV, and Chongqing's 6th generation softity.
This is helping to expand the company's leading edge in its business at amoled and raise the public.
In addition, in the area of corporate vr/ar, Yunnan is a pioneer in the field of showing the market share of the panel industry.
In the new technology of display, the company takes the lead in the official production of glass-based active miniled products, 75 inches of cogminiled.
The backlight product has been delivered in volume. The company’s diverse layout has accelerated overall, and we expect that, as we move downstream, with new types of track development, the company will enter a period of gold development and long-term profitability will remain high.
The company, as the absolute leader of the panel industry, has been able to perform significantly in the light of the weakening of the industry cycle and the high climate, citing Lee Shef Feng 1) the withdrawal of the Korean factory, 2) the price of the panel has fallen short of expectations, and 3) downstream demand has fallen short of expectations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.