Mid- and long-term pattern improvements in the industry. 14 July 2021
The company expects 21h1 to return to its mother's net profit period. The demand for teleworking, on-line services and home entertainment continues, supply-side tensions caused by the price increases in raw materials, such as raw materials, e.g., add-on-drive c, and supply and demand tensions in the industry, it, tv.
During the reporting period, the company’s mature production line was kept full and the product structure of the top up was further improved as a result of a marked increase in the product structure, and the company’s business performance increased significantly (s034011907035).
Soft-led shares are rising, and new products from large North American customers are moving well. Soft-led businesses have been rising from zero to one again to n in recent years, and the global share is still rising rapidly.
As domestic mobile screens continue to function, Samsung’s market share has declined from 86 per cent in 2019 to chain research showing that corporate soft-led products have entered the North American large customer supply chain, that new products from large clients are progressing well, and that future performance is expected to increase with the release of new products from large clients.
Medium- and long-term perspective: improved patterns of competition due to the weakening of industry cycles. After years of operation and development, Kyoto Eastern monitors continue to be the world’s number one in terms of screens in five mainstream applications such as smartphones, tablets, laptops, monitors and television, and to move from the panel towards the iot scene.
Roe(ttm) extension, using the "screen" to extend the value chain. Recrypting past the price fluctuations of the past liquid crystal panel with a December maximum price (in dollars)
In the past, sharp fluctuations in the LCD cycle were more pronounced at the end of supply, while future industrial cycle fluctuations are expected to subside at the lowest prices in industry in December, when transfer stops and industry concentration rises, and industry competition patterns improve effectively.
The company, as a domestic semiconductor, has a pioneering advantage in the lcd field, a short- and long-term benefit in the LCD panel price, improved competition patterns in the medium- and long-term benefit in the LCD panel sector, and a continuous spread in the olid, with a long-term perspective in the company showing industry chains and product networking scenarios to the semiconductor.
We expect the company to have a deep 300 index of its rating system's “market index” benchmark. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and have a diligent, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.