The net profit of 2q21 is higher than expected.
As a result of the sustained increase in panel prices, the net profit of 2q21 grew more than 11 times, while the ring ratio also grew by more than 40%, and performance accelerated further. Looking ahead, industry supply growth has been limited, with the steady release of demand for education, vehicles, and office space.
Under the scenario, large-scale panel prices will continue to be strong and the industry is expected to remain strong for a longer period. It is expected that public and corporate performance will be better than we estimate. We believe that the reason for the significant growth in corporate performance is that, in the first half of 2021, semiconductors show that industry continues to be high.
The shortage of raw materials, such as raw materials, which continue to thrive and drive it, continues to strain the supply, the industry presents a situation of supply-deprivedness, and prices for various products, such as it and tv, have risen to varying degrees: in the first half of the year, public production lines have remained full, and the main application markets of lcd have continued to take the lead, with product closings.
Further improvements have been made, the share of high-end products has increased significantly, profitability has continued to rise, business performance has increased significantly above price increases, and industry's leadership has been further demonstrated; since 3,2021, the Division has continued to show semiconductors new applications and new scenes around various areas of panel business development.
Corporate investors account for a share of the flowa, and the panel industry is expected to function at a high level. Panel prices have continued to rise since 2h20, with mainstream panels.
The size increases exceed 100%, even though the prices of the larger products were relaxed in the recent part of the period, they have remained high, and large-scale panel prices are still expected to increase slightly. In the longer term, the industry has experienced limited growth in supply, and in the context of the continuous release of education, vehicles, and office demand.
The profile is expected to remain high over a longer period of time. Profit forecast: Looking ahead, industry supply growth is limited and panel demand is increasing steadily, this report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.