In Kyoto, a q2 has a high level of re-innovation, a growing industry, a significant increase in the Māori rate, and a high return on q2 profits. During the reporting period, companies achieved a recovery.
The main reasons for the significant increase in revenue and profits are the industry’s continued high profile, high prices for major products, the release of new projects and changes in the scope of the merger.
During the year, the company showed 10,467 million yuan, an increase of 89.33 per cent; 711 million yuan, an increase of 56.27 per cent, for intelligent systems; 864 million yuan, an increase of 22.62 per cent, for intelligent medicine; 273 million yuan, an increase, for mled; and sensors and resolution.
In the first half of the year, it showed an increase of 15.07 percentage points by 30.49%. The sales/management/financial costs.
Product miniaturization and further upgrading of production levels; production line 8.5 generation lcd in Beijing, production line 8.5 generation lcd in Fuzhou, production line 8.5 generation lcd in Nanjing, production line 8.6 generation lcd in Chengdu, production line 10.5 generation lcd in Compost and single-month input base plate for production line 10.5 generation lcd in Wuhan
New heights, where the 8.5-generation lcd line in Nanjing and the 8.6-generation lcd line in Chengdu have been acquired since the acquisition, and the potential of the production line has been explored and the loss has been successfully reversed. The supply and demand structure has improved, and the industry is expected to move out of the cycle.
With a limited total of new capacity and a flat pace of output release, market shares are gradually moving towards headlines, the panel supply and demand structure continues to improve, the cyclicality of the industry is expected to decrease, and the growth attributes are expected to increase.
The Division's leading global panel business will continue to benefit.
"Kyotoa: 20 billion fixed acquisitions of 10.5 generation line, contributing power panel industry downside, amoled doesn't move as fast as expected."
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Electronics: optical optical electrons