Performance is over-expected, the panel is leading the new tide, and the landscape of the Kyoto Easta (000725.sz) is continuing, and the company’s performance is increasing.
The first advantage was significant, with high performance in the second quarter, the company expected 21q2 to achieve a net return year, and the panel industry continued to enjoy a high profile. The scarcity of raw materials, such as raw materials, which benefited from continued strong demand and drive, continued supply strains, and the industry presented a supply-deficit situation, with products such as it, tv, etc.
Prices have risen to varying degrees. At the same time, companies continue to increase their profitability, and their business performance has grown significantly above price, as a result of the fact that they keep their mature production lines at full capacity, the prevailing market share of lcd continues to be overall ahead, the product structure has improved further, and the share of high-end products has increased markedly.
In the first half of 2021, companies showed that the volume of products produced and the share of the market continued to be the highest in the world. According to congenial consulting data, in the first half of 2021,
In the year, Kyoto’s top five applications, smartphones, flatboard computers, laptops, monitors, and television, showed the highest volume of screened goods in the world, the second highest in soft screen markets in the country and the second highest in the world. Cars above 8 inches will continue to show the highest in the world.
In addition, the company will be able to create a new generation of digital technologies, such as artificial intelligence, big data and so on, which will fully open up innovative industries such as smart finance, intelligent transportation, smart medicine, and smart retailing. With the explosion of the networked applications, the company is expected to capture thousands of people.
In the first half of 2021, companies were shown to be industry leaders, in such new ways as super-clear, soft-led, quantum points, and miniled.
Technology has a positive layout, leading the future direction of the industry. 1) The company has a high frequency of power in the 8k superhigh clearance area and has introduced an 8k superhighly clear overall solution that integrates 5g+ai technology, covering the whole chain from collection, coding, transmission, decoding to terminal display.
The Road Industry Ecologic, and as a technical partner of the Central Radio and Television Board of 8K, contributed to the realization of the first global spring night, 8k, and the celebration of the "Seven One" event in 2021.
2) In the field of flexible presentation, the company has also introduced a new generation of flexible products, such as a 20 million-time dynamic slide screen, a 360-degree two-way folding screen, and has spearheaded the global launch of "Kyotoa: 20 billion plus approval to accelerate the comprehensive presentation."
400ppi's soft screen camera technology has made a huge breakthrough in the innovative application of soft displays. 3) The company's extremely subversive 55 inches 4k active matrix amqled electric light Quantities point shows that the leading glass-based active miniledp 0.9 is a direct product with a super-high brush rate of 480hz
"Kyoto: a:q1 performance exceeding expectations, newcomers to new technologies, professional electric panels, 0.39 inches of micro-oledar applications of 5644 pi, i.e. family support for growth" 2021.04.29
In the lead in innovative technology, leading the industry’s technological development on a continuous basis, Kyotoa:q1 has outperformed expectations, and the panel is overstretched, with profit forecasts and investment ratings: benefiting from the industry’s continuing climate, corporate performance is gradually releasing.
Kyoto Easta: 20 billion fixed increases, with 11/10/9 times the elasticity of performance. We appreciate the company's leading edge as a global panel leader and the space for long-term development, and maintain its “buy-in” rating.
“Kyotoa: Three-quarters camp has reached an all-time high, panel risk: the epidemic is repeated and downstream demand is less than expected.”
Further consolidation of the vanguard of the industry 2020.9.24 " Kyoto Easta: q2 non-net profit reversible growth, equity incentives to usher in a new era " 2020.09.01
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 1: tv main-size prices have returned to their high 2017 levels. Figure 3: Profit rate performance in Kyoto Orientala. Figure 2: Harvesting and profit performance in Kyoto Orientala
Figure 4: Cost rates during the period in Kyoto Orientala Figure 5: R & D costs in Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan) Figure 6: Revenues and operating cash flows in Kyoto Orientala (billions)
Figure 7: Net profits and operating net cash flows from Kyoto Orientala (millions of yuan) ~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q~q:q:q: Figure 8: inventories from Kyoto Orientala (billions)
Figure 9: Receivables from Tokyo Easterna (millions of dollars)
3rd place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2rd place in the electronics sector, Crystalball, 18/19; and 3/2nd place in the electronics sector, Gold Bull Award, 18/19. Liu Shaqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, 2018, joined South-West Securities.
The component is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.