Sunshine Power (300274.sz) Purchase (first rating) Reverser drives high short-term performance, platform advantage opens up long-term growth space Market price (RMB): 159.76
Companies are the largest electronic power platform-type enterprises in the new energy sector, and core technologies are connected, upstream scale effects and downstream client synergies are evident. The growth space will be broadened through product lines and business extensions, with a combined performance growth rate of 45 per cent over the next three years.
Reverse changer demand is growing rapidly, and the head business Māori ratio is expected to remain stable: benefiting from the high growth in the global light-voltage installation, the market is expected to be 137.739.27 billion yuan in 2025/2030, which is currently 3/9 times higher. Given the downstream market fragmentation of the inverter and the increasing number of overseas gw-grade areas
Many, with fast product rotations, are expected to maintain relative stability in the profitability of the inverter in the head. Reverser business is a global leader, and export substitution and product structural upgrading are central drivers of short- and medium-term performance growth Drivers: 1) Low-cost + high-quality are prerequisites for export substitution of national product plates, 2020 Global Reversers
Market integration has accelerated, and the company's share of overseas cities is expected to continue to rise; (2) the company's penetration rate at ground stations continues to increase, and the “state-wide” roof distribution is expected to drive component-level shut-down technology applications, storage capacity, and stocking point operations begin to expand, hopefully leading to higher premiums/high Māori product ratios.
The market for storage energy is growing at a high rate, and companies have a clear pre-eminence: storage is an essential route to achieving the “double carbon” goal, and the market cagr is expected to reach more than 50% over the next five years. In 2014, the company’s pre-arranged energy industry will have electricity control, power-filling poles, hydrogen-energy 100 billion markets: in the context of the global energy transition, new energy vehicles, light.
The market for vortex hydrogen is promising, with the company ' s share of the domestic electricity control market in 2021 at 6.2 per cent (year-on-year +2.5pct), the highest, with a projected output of 250,000 power control and recharge posts in 2020 (+200 per cent or more) respectively; this year, the company launched its first domestic pem hydrogen cell and officially entered hydrogen production.
The issuance of a statement of equity fund-raising for a total amount not exceeding $3.64 billion was used to expand 70gw photovoltaic converters, 15gw wind currents, 15gw storage motors, expansion of R & D centres and the development of a global marketing service system to further consolidate the flagship advantage.
With deep R & D deposits and the accumulation of high-quality customer resources, the company is expected to enjoy multiple business co-development (8621) 61357595
The global new crown epidemic is deteriorating beyond expectations; the international trading environment is deteriorating; new business is developing less than expected; and people, 1 and the domestic scarce new energy power electronic platform-type enterprises, 1.1 inverters accumulate significant, high-quality customer resources and business development is on the ground.
The company has been focusing on research and development and technological innovation in the products of photovoltaic systems, with photo-reverse transformers as their core, since its inception. By the end of December 2020, the global market had accumulated a reverse-reflector over 154gw, a global reverse-reflector leader.
▪ The company is the largest power electronic platform-type enterprise in the new energy sector, where core products are technologically connected, upstream scale effects and downstream client synergies are evident, and growth space is expected to expand through product lines and business extensions.
(a) Electrical electronics such as transformers, chargeposts, etc. are interoperability, R & D, and project experience can be transplanted;
▪ The company is committed to providing the world's first-class clean energy life-cycle solution, which will in the future focus on electricity, electronic conversion technology, new energy markets such as wind (wind transformer), light (photovoltaic transformer), storage (storage, transformer), charging (charger), vehicle (electric control system), hydrogen (hydrogen) etc.
Figure 3: The company has accumulated over the years a wealth of high-quality new energy investors, mainly global customer resources, to create a strong niche for increasing production. On August 5, 2021, the company released a special match for the year 2021.
As in the case of the issuance of a statement of equity fund-raising, the total amount raised does not exceed $3.64 billion for the expansion of 70gw photovoltaic converters, 15gw wind currents, 15gw storage energy transformer capacity, expansion of the CDC and the development of a global marketing service system to further consolidate the flagship advantage.
1.2 Double performance in 2020, with the share of overseas revenues rising continuously  The company’s main products are photovoltaic inverters, wind transformers, storage systems, electric motor controllers, etc.
Figure 8: Māori rate of corporate operations $ billion, or 142.19 per cent over the same period; Māori rate, 29.56 per cent over the same period, or 1.19 pct, net interest rate
Power conversion equipment, such as photovoltaic converters: to benefit from national production in overseas markets in the short term, the volume of inverters will grow faster, and the profit structure is expected to improve as the ratio of high Māori products rises. In the long run, the price of inverters will drop steadily, and the company, with its excellent cost management capacity, is expected to sustain its profitability.
▪ Wind currents: this year, under the high base of wind and power grabs, there may be a short drop in revenue, wind demand is expected to recover from the domestic “double carbon” target starting in 2022, and the integration of power systems & photovoltaic operations are expected to resume: this year, influenced by higher prices of raw materials, corporate power plant systems
Income from business and Maori rates or pressure are expected to ease profit pressures with next year’s upstream price reduction. Without the company’s integrated power station system and the size of the holding power station, it is expected that as the industry continues to grow, we will be able to create a storage system operation: domestic storage policy turns up with a high demand profile for overseas storage capacity over the next five years.
Charging post & power control: The company's load of charger posts/electric controls is expected to sustain a high rate of growth, benefiting from the explosion in the electric car market and the thermal sale of macrolight Mini. We expect the company to sell the charged posts in 2021-2023, and we have selected 10 a-stock listings as comparative valuation references for comparable companies, with photovolunt heads.
The company has a 41-fold average value of 2022pe, a 63-fold average value of reversible and storage capacity compared to 2022pe, and a 25-fold average value of car parts compared to 2022pe.
Upgraded output, product structure is expected to improve. Reference to PVP valuation, integrated & photovoltaic power generation for the  power station system: post-PV system integration opens up room for growth, cash flow from post-subsidization plants is expected to improve, 25 times higher than comparable company valuation.
2022pe, corresponding to a market value of $28.8 billion;
2 - Reversers are effective in the sea, and demand and policy are symmetrical. 2.1 has been shuffled through many wheels of industry, leaving the King's Time.
The reliability, efficiency and safety of direct-to-exchange power transfer functions, combined with maximum power tracking functions (mppt, maximumpowerpointtraining) and systems safety protection, directly affecting the power generation and stability of the entire photovoltaic system, is the most nuclear.
Electrical equipment for the heart; 2) Reversers, consisting of a large number of electronic components, are the most vulnerable to failure in a photovoltaic system; 3) Reversers cost only about 5-10% of the cost of a photovoltaic system.
After-services are timely, sustainable, and internationally recognized reversible brands with high project performance. Looking back at the development of China’s photovoltaic inverter industry over the past 10 years, there have been roughly two rounds of rapid development and two rounds of heavy shuffling, with research and development capabilities, cost advantages, and a large number of project performances.
The country’s brands have gradually gained a comparative advantage over the inverters, and we believe that the industry has come to the top, and that domestic inverters are expected to replace the overseas market in the future. The entrepreneurship phase: until 2010, the domestic invertor market was largely dominated by overseas brands, and reversed.
The sale price is as high as $2-3/w, with hundreds of national brands emerging after the rains, but mostly for imitation manufacturing, weak R & D capabilities, and low market recognition.
The mutants began to gain recognition in the domestic market, and the foreign firms gradually withdrew from the Chinese market, accompanied by a war of prices for domestic producers, which fell by more than 70 per cent during the period, resulting in a large number of less competitive domestic producers being forced out of the market before and after 2013, leaving China with the sun.
Power, energy and electricity account for most of the country’s market share. Distribution: domestic distribution of photovoltaics was supported by national policies in 2014-2017, the size of the machines continued to rise, and the technology, Gudwi, Gureva, was used for household and business purposes.
The fabric is a fast-growing brand for major markets. The rest are kings, overseas replacements: from 2018 to 2019, there was a rapid increase in overseas demand after “531,” and domestic firms stepped up their placement abroad, building on years of brand build-up and excellent project industries.
In support of the performance, the national product plate (especially the head business) acquired a clear international comparative advantage (cost & performance) in the course of the reversible voyage out of the sea, while a number of non-specialized inverters overseas were forced to strip away the inverter business during this period, and the global inverter industry started a new round of integrated shuffling.
By 2020, the concentration of domestic head business markets rose rapidly. In 2020, affected by the epidemic, the pace of inversion market integration accelerated further, and domestic firms accelerated overseas by relying on supply-chain advantages.
According to the Woodmackenzie statistics, in 2020, out of the top 10 brands of global photovoltaic invertors, domestic firms occupied six positions (Sunshine, Huaieng, Gurevat, Jump, Upper Energy, Solidvey), one new position compared to 2019 (Gudwe), and a global share of domestic top6 firms.
Up to 59.3% (+8.7pct) and the concentration of domestic headlines in the market has increased markedly. 2.2 Domestic policy gains have been sustained and the storage industry has responded to demand by a “double carbon” target, which was first proposed by President Xi Jinping in 2021.
The storage system will be a top priority in the 14th Five-Year Energy Plan as a necessary route to supporting large-scale new energy grid-connection. The storage system will be grid-connected and off-grid, depending on whether it is connected to the grid, and the off-grid system will be primarily applied to the sea.
On the island, in remote areas not covered by the grid (microgrids) and the net-based storage capacity are the main forces that guarantee a high proportion of renewable energy systems to operate in a stable manner, generally divided into the power side, the grid side, and the user side:
▪ Power side storage: new energy grids are equipped with storage energy that can efficiently smooth the fluctuations of the new energy power plant and increase the grid-friendliness of the new power plant;
▪ User-side storage capacity: through a user-side configuration, it allows the peak filling of load curves, reduces grid load waves, and combines chargeposts, 5g base stations, data centres open grid access limits to open power systems, unlocks more light storage applications.
Figure 19: Main business models applied to storage
At the heart of the development of storage capacity is still a profit model. So far, the stock-load policy that has been put in place at the national level, the Guidance for Accelerating the Development of New Stockpiles, and the Circular on the Further Improvement of the Timetime Prices Mechanism, all suggest that it will start with the “price mechanism” by pulling up the side of the power supply.
The price differentials in the valley, the establishment of a power-side capacity pricing system (the base cost of purchasing a complete back-up capacity for the power grid), the establishment of seasonal price mechanisms, and the promotion of storage to participate in the trade in power-assisted services, have increased the return on investment in storage capacity, thereby stimulating demand for investment in storage capacity.
By the end of 2020, China's electrochemical storage capacity had accumulated 3269.2mw, an increase of 91.2% compared to the previous year.
2.4 times. With the construction of a new power system that is the backbone of new energy sources, and a steady profit-making model, it is expected that the country's cumulative electrical and chemical storage capacity will reach 55.9gw, which is 17 times the current size, and even with a 2.3 series of large-scale diffusion-driven technology drops, the penetration rate of terrestrial power stations is expected to increase further.
▪ Reversers are generally divided into three types of centralized, clustered and mini-reversers that are suitable for different types of 1) central reverses are those that enter multiple-circuited photovoltaic bands into the same reverse transformer, which first concentrates on the mppt and then reverses into the grid. The centralized reverse transformer single-body power is 500 kw or more.
(a) A large centralized ground power station with a low, but limited maximum power to track the voltage range, short power generation time, suitable for a flat surface, light-lined hook;
Reverse access to the grid. A series inverter single-body power below 300kw, high, good mppt, long power generation time, suitable for distributional power stations and complex terrain surface power 3) mini-reverser is an independent mppt for each photovolt component and then inverted into the grid, press
The number of connecting components can be divided into one, two and four types, with single-body power below 1 kw and high safety but expensive, mainly for a few households, such as the United States.
Chart 25: Comparison of the central inverter with the main technical indicators of the group string inverter Chart 26: the internal structure of the group string inverter (320kw) currently in the reverse market is dominated by the central inverter and the group string inverter, which is applied in the group string
Most widely. The combined inverter mppt works with a wide voltage that can be activated under low voltage, extending power generation time over long days, thereby increasing power generation; the multi-circuit mppt design reduces the number of combinations connected by the inverter mppt per route, and the impact of single component failure/assembly loss on system power generation.
Weak, therefore, applies to areas where photovoltaic components such as mountains, roofs, etc. are directed toward different or otherwise light resources. By 2020, the global market share of the chain inverters was close to 60%, replacing the centralized inverter to become the most widely applied inverter type.
In the early stages of industry, the group inverters were typically based on medium and small power, as the power devices used in the early group inverters were the igbt separation devices, and the power and power of high currents required the use of multiple splits, which increased.
The risk of failure of the inverter. As the technology of the igbt module (which contains power modules of multiple igbt widgets) evolves, the reliability of the power device under the big currents increases significantly, and the inverter gradually evolves towards a large power, driving down single-watt costs and moving closer to a centralized inverter.
Some 93% of the cost of the inverter is based on the cost of raw materials, of which 12-25% of the structural components and 25% of the electronic components are in proportion to the cost of the components.
70% - 80%, supporting materials 3% - 4%. Structural units include radiators, boxes, connectors, etc. The cost of the reversible is directly related to the size of the inverter, and the cost of the stork is significantly reduced as the inverter's single power and circuit integration improves (the “roar skin” effect), which is the inverter's downfall.
Pcb (5-6 per cent), capacitors (6-11 per cent) and electric senses (6-14 per cent), among others, the cost of power devices and simulations of ic is directly related to the inverter power, and the increase in output power is not significantly distributed to the cost of electronic components.
2.4 Reverse-changer markets are growing rapidly and profitability is expected to remain stable  Global energy-transformation traps with large future photovoltaic growth space and storage elasticity of demand. As of July 2021, more than 130 countries/areas across the globe had explicitly proposed “zero carbon” or “carbon”
The climate goal of climate neutrality, as the most economically and competitive energy source on a global scale, is a necessary route to achieving “carbon neutrality” and the most important means of improving the supply of electricity in developing countries. According to bp data, only a few countries, such as Europe, accounted for the share of photovoltaic power in 2020.
Between 6% and 10%, most of the remaining regions have photo-voltaic penetration rates close to or below the global average (3% or so), and the future photo-voltaics still have very large growth space. And, as storage moves into commercialization, photo-voltaic integration will further raise the photo-voltaic penetration ceilings in the future, hopefully contributing to the growth of photo-voltaics around the globe.
The market size of the photovoltaic inverter is expected to reach 137.739.27 billion yuan in 2030. The increase in demand in the global photovoltaic inverter market comes mainly from three sources: 1) additional demand: to benefit from the high rate of growth in the global light-voltage new loaders, projected new demand for the photovoltaic in 2030 (= new light-voltage loaders)
363/982gw, 2) replacement requirements: electronic components such as igbt, capacitors in reverse transformers influenced by the internal environment, the temperature of the device and the current harmonics, often with a useful life lower than the operational week of the power station 21/52gw, respectively; 3) storage energy requirements: storage capacity to achieve reusable capacity
The market is generally concerned that increased competition abroad may lead to a sharp contraction of the reverse changer ' s Maori rate as the export of domestic products ends, but considering the inverse 's downstream market is scattered and the product 's product ' s product 's pace of rotation is fast.
They believe that head-reverse firms with branding effects, strong cost-control capabilities, and research and development power are expected to have a stable profit. Like the distribution of the global photovoltaic market, the reverse market also shows "head concentration, tail."
The feature of partial fragmentation is that the tailing effect becomes more pronounced as the gw market increases. The reverse changer mills are expected to position high-end (brand premium) and regionally balanced (which can increase the risk of competition over individual areas) in different markets depending on the type of product or trade policy.
▪ Reversers are electronics, products are fast-evolving, new-type cost controls and performances are generally better, and the product has a higher Māori ratio, which risks a decline in profitability due to increased competition. There is also an increase in the share of high-tech value-added products, such as storage energy reversors, and there is a countervailing effect.
The risk of a fall in the conventional photovoltaic reversible ratio is 3 and the reverse is firmly in place, with a strong performance growth base of 3.1 combined strength and an accelerated increase in overseas shares.
The inverter industry has evolved from the original single-product competition (technical indicators, reliability) to full-scale competition in brands, costs, supply chains, products, services, etc. The firm, as the old-fashioned inverter, has a clear competitive advantage at all levels and is expected to benefit from the replacement of the inverter’s national product.
Over the years, inverters have been branded professionally, with the first creditability rating: a company that has been on the market for a small number of businesses with a steady business history of more than 20 years, with a large number of proven project performances and good reputations, has a high degree of brand recognition worldwide.
Bnef's top rating of “financeable capacity” is also the only reverse changer that has received 100 per cent “financeable capacity” recognition for two years in a row, which is jointly selected by international institutions such as epc contractors, power generation enterprises, technical experts and banks, with core indicators including product reliability, finance
Robustness and supply capacity, among others, are important references for overseas photovoltaic project financing. A good supply chain management capacity that safeguards the advantages of raw material procurement: companies have been at the top of the global exit ranking for many years, relying on excellent supply chain management capabilities and size advantages, not only in terms of volume.
The company is still able to secure production on a normal basis, further consolidating the firm’s reliability and stability in the client’s mind, given that the global epidemic of 2020-2021 has led to stress or even price increases in the supply of upstream electronic components.
Research and development is strong, and the product rotational speed industry leads: more than 40% of corporate research and development staff, with the world’s leading electromagnetic compatibility laboratories, high-capacity low-voltage equipment and high-capacity low-voltage equipment.
Power sources, grid simulations, etc., can provide the most stringent testing and testing conditions to meet the demand for products. With high R & D inputs, high R & D staff ratios, and strong supply chains, companies are well ahead of overseas producers and lead domestically.
Well-placed and responsive overseas: the company has an overseas production base in India, with capacity reaching 10gw by the end of 2020, and has built more than 20 branches around the world, more than 50 after-sales service outlets, and products are sold to more than 150 countries and territories around the world, and are well-developed
The global distribution service system is able to respond quickly to customer demand and improve the quality of after-sales services. Domestic shares remain stable, and overseas exports and shares are accelerating.
3.2 Low-cost + brand premium, build-up of reverse transformer taps, lead in low-cost industries, and chip scarcity is expected to magnify supply chain advantages.  More than 93% of reverse transformer production costs are raw materials, so the cost difference is mainly in raw materials.
The difference in the price of material purchases. The size of the company's inverter business is very high, and the cost of raw material purchases is clear.
Supply tensions have increased from 3 to 6 months to 6 to 12 months, as is normally the case. By entering into long-term strategic cooperation agreements directly with core suppliers, companies lock orders in advance, maximizing supply chain security, it is expected that the procurement advantage will be further magnified.
Ground power stations have high barriers to entry, and household market brand premiums are significant. For ground power stations projects, firms place higher demands on suppliers ' experience in successful operation of projects, especially in harsh environments such as high altitude, cold, high salt fog, high temperature, wind sand, etc.
The high threshold for successful supplier project performance; the high security requirements of the Toc attributes and home-use scenes for private consumers in the home-based photovoltaic market, with a clear branding effect on the household-reverser industry. Companies have built on early research and development experience and global branding influence at ground-based power stations.
Successful entry into the household market and rapid acceptance of end-users with advantages such as product reliability, product lines, global after-sales networks, and significant promotion of roof distribution in mature household markets such as Australia, are expected to contribute to product structural upgrading.
▪ The promotion of roof distribution throughout the county is expected to facilitate the establishment of component-level closure safety standards. In areas with earlier roof-based photovoltaic developments in the United States, Australia, Japan, etc., the component-level closure of photovoltaic facilities has become a mandatory requirement for all buildings to have their components in an emergency situation.
For example, the Nec2017 standard in the United States requires direct current voltage down to below 80v in the system so that firefighters can provide safety relief in the event of a fire. There is no mandatory requirement for a "component level off" in the country, and as the "state as a whole" of the roofs is scalded with light.
The company has introduced rapid shutdown technology, which is expected to contribute to the upgrading of the product structure.
Applications include mini-reversers, power optimizations, and intellectual control switches. Another advantage of mlpe is that it can increase the power generation of the system through more independent and accurate mppt controls, thus selling higher premiums than traditional set of invertors.
With the technological advantage of mlpe, the volume and profitability of domestic use in the U.S. has increased considerably. By 2020, companies have introduced fast-dismantling technologies, with the collaboration of foreign mlpe leading technology suppliers, Tigo, to increase distributional market layouts.
Rapidly shut-down product ratios are expected to contribute to product structural upgrading.4 Light storage synergies are evident, and there are good synergies between storage-to-manufacturing energy transformers, storage systems integration operations and photovoltaic operations in the host country.
The core equipment for the energy system includes storage of two-way transformers (pcs), lithium batteries, battery management systems (bms), energy management systems (ems), etc., all except lithium batteries, which are electrical sub-products. Companies have a global lead in reverse transformer operations and are available in high-performance, low-cost electronics.
The company’s layout in the field of storage energy includes, inter alia, integrated operations for storage energy transformers and storage energy systems, which create good synergies with existing photovoltaic reverse transformers and power station systems integration operations for raw materials procurement and terminal channels.
The storage energy transformer is a two-way flow of energy and a high technological value added. The storage energy transformer is one of the core electrical devices of the storage system. It functions as a two-way flow of energy between the grid (communication voltage) and the storage power cell (direct current voltage), i.e., ac/dc (charged to the battery from the grid) within a set of devices.
The two-way conversion of electricity (electric) and dc/ac (electric discharge to the grid by a battery) is accompanied by live communication with the control centre to detect the battery ' s state and ensure the safe operation of the battery, with more complex functional requirements and higher technological value added compared to the one-way energy flow (dc/ac) of the inverter.
▪ The storage system integration operation uses a no-chip strategy, with a focus on the power mains. The company's storage system integration strategy uses a no-chip strategy. Lithium batteries are extracted through collaboration with upstream corers such as Samstarsdi. The focus is on core storage power, such as power switching, control and direct-flow security management of storage systems.
E-technology. In 2014, the company officially deployed its energy storage operations, as one of the country ' s first-ever players in the field of storage, with a wide range of products in China, the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Japan, Australia, India and many other countries.
The company’s storage system was active in 2020, largely as a result of the rise in the share of low-prevalence storage systems integrated operations. The offshore market continued to break, and the domestic market was the best.
800mwh, about 8% of global cities, with North American business and energy markets accounting for more than 20% (+5pt) and Australian households accounting for more than 24% (14pt). Domestically, corporate storage and integration of reservoirs and energy systems is the best, with a market share of about 20% (in).
Figure 57: Operating income of the company ' s storage energy system and the same rate of increase
Figure 60: The ranking (mw) of domestic storage integration system commercial loadings in 2020. The competitive bidding for storage energy projects is based on historical performance, and companies have a clear pre-eminence and have the highest capacity for five consecutive years.
By the end of June 2020, companies had provided solutions to more than 1,000 major storage projects around the world.
These include systems solutions that support new energy grids, power FM peaks, demand side responses, microgrids, household energy, etc., to operate with zero safety incidents, and the storage system to integrate machines on a five-year continuous scale, with a clear initial advantage.
Figure 61: Performance requirements for bidding for the project for the integration of an enterprise energy system in the country. At least one completed phosphate lithium battery centralized energy project project, with a single project of no less than 10 mwh, was completed between January 2015 and the closing date of the bid, whichever is the time of completion.
In the last three years, in-country integration of built or completed energy battery systems or storage systems should be at least 20 mwh and provide relevant industry performance for at least one completed phosphate lithium cell centralized energy project in the last five years, with individual projects of no less than 10 mwh.
5.1 Electric car-driven systems: hundreds of billions of markets are in a state of flux, and the blast vehicle-type is the “tri-electric system” of the electric, electrical and battery-complexed electric vehicles, which is the most central technology to distinguish them from conventional fuel vehicles. The power-driven engine is equivalent to the “engine” of the fuel vehicle, which has a direct impact on performance and efficiency.
The performance of electric vehicles generally requires high energy density, energy feedback, high-speed bandwidth and low-speed torque; the power control (control) functions primarily to receive instructions from the whole-car control and, in turn, to control the speed and direction of the power drive, which generally requires high control accuracy, high movement.
The electron controller consists of two parts of the vehicle reverse transformer and the controller, which has a technical, supply chain synergy with the photovoltaic reverse transformer. The vehicle reverse transformer receives direct current electricity from the vehicle-borne batteries, turning into three.
The phase-to-use power is used to drive the motor power, while the control device, by analysing signals such as the speed, temperature, current, etc., achieves the purpose of controlling the speed, direction, power, etc. of the motor. The core technology (reverse, transmission) and the electronic components required for the production of the electrical control are clear to the photovoltaic reverse transformer.
Given the trend towards integration of electrical and electronic systems, the global market is expected to reach its size by 2025/030.
$140,220 billion. The market size of the global new energy motor control system is expected to be reached by 2025/2030, taking into account the impact of scale effects and increased competition, on the assumption that prices will continue to decline at a rate of 2 per cent per year, based on an average value of $7,500 per vehicle electric control system in 2020.
Figure 65: Overview of special parts and components for new energy vehicles Figure 66: Global electrical vehicle sales forecast 2021-2030
The exhibition began with the introduction of new energy commercial vehicles and specialized vehicle applications, officially launched in 2014 with new energy vehicles, electrical control products, and the establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary, Sunshine Power Technology Limited, in 2016, which has now introduced new energy sources for purely electric, medium-sized and small commercial vehicles, and for specialized vehicles in logistics.
Car-driven systems have successfully entered the supply chain of well-known car companies such as Mitsubishi, Jiang bell, Icara, Motae and Chirre, and have won prizes for new energy cars such as the Innovation Component Award, the New Energy Core Parts Advanced Enterprise, and the Best Innovative New Energy Bus Driver Enterprise.
In 2021, the share of the domestic market rose rapidly with the use of the macromini car. In 2020, the company became the main supplier of the Mitsubishi macrominiev, with the heat of the car, and the company's electricity controlled the volume of goods growing at a rapid rate. According to Ne-era statistics, as of June 2021, the sun was rising.
New power-controlled goods have reached 72,000, far more than the annual sales last year (50,000), with a share of about 6.2% in the domestic car market (+2.5pc) and a third-party power-control provider in the country, second only to the Hong Kong River. Thanks to corporate global supply chain management, sunlight power power production is expected to outperform its capacity in 2021.
360,000, with more than 200,000 shipments expected throughout the year.
Figure 72: Company electricity exports in January-June 2021 exceeded last year's total
The construction of our charge-posts is expected to open a new round of high growth. The charge-posts are equipment for new energy cars to obtain recharge services, similar to the refuelling units in the gas stations; the power-input end of the charge-in-charge is connected to the exchange grid; the output end is connected to the vehicle by the charge-in-charge plug, which leads to different voltage-based voltage.
The ratio of new-energy vehicles to charged stumps in 2020 is almost 1:1, and the ratio of domestic stumps to the current level is about 3:1, with the 2015 National Development and Reform Commission ' s Guidelines for the Development of Electrical Vehicle Recharge Infrastructure (2015-2020).
According to the method of charging, the charger can be divided into direct and exchange posts: the direct-flow post converts 380v to a high pressure that can be adjusted in a wide range.
Direct current power, charged directly to a vehicle-borne battery, with output power of up to 120~240kw, suitable for a large outdoor public charge station or fast charge station; exchange post input, output of 220v exchange city power, charged to a battery by a vehicle-borne charger, so that output power is generally limited to 3~11kw, the advantages of which are:
It is low-cost, low-life battery life, suitable for private use or installation in small areas or in malls. The size of the new market for domestic chargeposts is expected to reach $731.2284 million in 2030. According to data from the China Charging Union, public and private charge posts were held by the end of 2020.
There are 800,000 and 870,000, respectively, of which about 40% of the public chargers are direct and most of the private chargers are exchange posts. Based on the estimate of 75,000 yuan per unit per direct charge in 2020 and 0.3 million yuan per exchange stamp, it is expected that in 2025 we will have 73.1 billion new market space for power chargers.
The pre-research of charge-posts began, and in 2020 the Department of Recharged Industries was formally established. The current product type includes mainstream equipment such as 80-160-kw straight stream posts, and 7-11kw exchange posts.
The "Sunshine Filling" application platform of the mainstream operating platform provides clients with an integrated solution for intelligence and light storage. Indoor installation failure rates are high and post-sale security capabilities reflect soft power.
The failure rate is high, and failure to repair in a timely manner can lead to a decrease in the rate of use and therefore to an impact on the revenue from the sale of electricity. The early charging of the stock market is mixed, the equipment is of poor quality, and after-sales services are difficult to secure. With the explosion of the car market, the stock market will gradually move towards companies with reliable product quality and strong post-sale security capabilities.
Centralization, when companies enter the recharge market, is expected to gain rapid client recognition based on accumulated research and development and post-sale experience in the electrical and electronics sector.
Figure 76: Direct charge of a direct stream post to a vehicle-borne power cell
Figure 78: Corporate Lagoon Bus Project Figure 80: Company charged stump products 5.3 Hydrogen energy: New wind vents for energy change, layout of hydrogen storage when appropriate
Hydrogen is suitable for interseasonal/cross-regional storage and is expected to develop rapidly. Hydrogen storage processes are self-depleting, high energy density, suitable for long-term storage over season/cross-region, hydrolysis (green hydrogen) from hydrolysis using renewable energy sources such as photovoltaics, wind power, and conversion to fuel cells, etc.
Electricity, an “electric-hydro-electric” cycle of hydrogen storage. Hydrogen energy is expected to grow rapidly as renewable energy penetration increases and the cost of electrolytic hydrogen is reduced. In addition to sunlight power, other photovoltaic industries, such as Lungi and Harmonium, have also been deployed for hydrogen energy.
The company created the Hydrogen Energy Department in 2019, which, together with China, built a demonstration base for multi-modal hydrogen systems in Sunshine Gardens, including 647.28 kw photovoltaic systems, 230 kwh storage energy systems, 1 100 nm3/h hydrogen unit and 50 kw hydrogen fuel.
Battery power generation systems. In June 2021, the company set up a fully-owned subsidiary, Sunshine Hydrogen Energy Technologies Limited, to speed up the layout of hydrogen energy operations, which is expected to synergize with storage systems operations in the future.
The company introduced the sep50pem hydrogen cell with the highest domestic production capacity (250kw) and the highest current density (1.5a/cm2) with an efficient hydrogen conversion efficiency that could rapidly achieve cold start and heat start-up with high pure hydrogen output within 10-150% wide power input.
Ensuring the maximum possible conversion of wind-based electricity into hydrogen is expected to enhance the company’s competitiveness in the field of hydrogen gas preparation.
Figure 83: Seasonal mismatch between electricity load and photovoltaic power
The global new crown epidemic is worsening beyond expectations: offshore demand now accounts for about two thirds of the world ' s new photovoltaics, and it may have a direct impact on photovoltaic terminal demand if the overseas epidemic continues unchecked, stalling project construction for long periods of time and even triggering a global economic depression.
▪ Deterioration of the international trade environment: a high proportion of exports of corporate reversibles would reduce the competitiveness of the company's products through measures such as tariff collection for trade protection purposes in overseas countries;
In the early stages of the exhibition, there was still some uncertainty about policy and market patterns, which could lead to a low level of business development in the company, which could lead to an increase in exchange losses and lead to a lower than expected net profit of the company.
, and then the final rating is calculated on an average basis, as an average investment in the market Click here to enter text.