Distribution and overseas markets continue to advance, with a steady increase in profitability and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre benefiting in the first half of 2021 from domestic distribution and high growth of overseas photovoltaics, company photovoltaic reversibles operations
In the first half of the year, domestic demand for terrestrial power stations was temporarily constrained by rising industrial chain prices, and distributed and the demand in overseas markets continued. Companies adjusted their delivery strategies to strengthen distributional channels and open overseas markets, leading to a significant increase in their performance: domestic households used reverses to produce the same amount of goods as domestics.
More than six times the increase, with overseas markets generating $4,162 million, an increase of 109%. Driven by distribution and high overseas Māori markets, despite adverse factors such as the rising cost of shipping and widgets, the company’s invertors rose by about 3 pp. During the reporting period, the company published distributed new products that enriched the small- and medium-power inverter spectrum and rolled out scores.
In the future, companies will continue to enhance their distribution channels and post-sale network layouts, and their profitability is expected to increase further. Building it into the world’s second largest research and development base, promoting the full range of inverters, storage systems, hydrogen, etc.
Proactive readiness should respond to higher prices for upstream raw materials, with higher contractual liabilities increasing certainty of future performance. Earlier this year, the company predicted a tight supply of electronic parts, pre-positioning of raw materials, and a steady increase in company stock.
Optimization and profitability continue to improve and outperform the industry. At a later stage, domestic end demand has recovered, companies have invested in power plants, and they will be warming up, while benefiting from the high growth trend and high profitability of distributed markets. We expect the net profit compound growth of companies to be 37.4% over the next three years and 65 times higher than in 2022.
One global leader in clean power conversion technologies, global clean power conversion technology leaders, storage, and so on, has developed across the board. Sun power was created in 1997 to focus on reverse transformers, and now has more than two decades of experience in photovoltaic reverse transformers.
In 2008, the company’s first large wind and electrical transformer was successfully delineated, and photovoltaic transformer products were certified internationally through German tuv tests. In 2012, the company was ranked third in the world as a global inverter leader.
As of the end of June 2021, Mr. Cao In-hyun, the chairman and managing director of the company, was the company’s actual controller and ultimate beneficiary, with a direct shareholding ratio of
30.96%, indirectly holding 10.44% of the joint management partnership in Hong Kong, China, with a combined share share of about 31.35%. The relatively stable public ownership structure provides the basis for companies to continue to operate smoothly. Mr. Cao In-hyun, the founder and chairman of the company, was a teacher at the University of Fertilizer Industries School of Electrical Technology, and personally led a team of technology research and development at the beginning of the company ' s establishment to develop technology for corporate products.
With a steady increase in revenue, 21h1 storage system operations are high. In terms of revenue composition, current corporate revenues are mainly invested in the development of photovoltaic reverse transformers and power stations. The electricity station demand was temporarily curtailed during the first half of 2021, as a result of factors such as the price of raw materials such as silicon, which led to a decline in corporate power station investment development operations on the same basis; the photovoltaic reverse transformer operations benefited.
The acceleration of the sea and the structural restructuring of the company in the domestic market have continued to increase in revenue, with power switching, such as 21h1 light-volt transformers, generating 3,591 million yuan, an increase of 54.51 per cent over the same period. The operation of storage systems has been affected by the rapid release of energy demand from overseas and by a smaller base of prior periods, with an increase of 267.38 per cent over the same period, yielding about 920 million yuan.
In the first half of 2021, companies focused on strengthening their overseas markets and expanding their distributional markets, particularly in the household sector, with the number of domestic counter-distributors increasing by more than six times the same time. The company ' s overall profitability increased with high-profit markets abroad and households.
Overseas markets have become more profitable, high growth rates are clear, and the trend towards accelerating out-of-sea travel is clear. According to the sub-regional harvests, the company’s overseas area is growing faster and accounts for an increasing share of total revenue. In the first half of 2021, the company’s overseas harvests continued to grow at a high rate, owing to temporary constraints on domestic power demand, continued high capacity and high capacity abroad: the first half of the year.
The company's annual overseas revenues of $4,162 million, an increase of 109.38 per cent, or 50.7 per cent of total revenue, have been higher in recent years than in the domestic market, and in 2020 the company's overseas market of 35.16 per cent, or close to 18 pp. Driven by high overseas profits, the company will continue to promote overseas market operations, further contributing to the growth.
With the addition of load + stock replacements, the inverter breakdown of the track is expected to increase faster than the industry. From the space as a whole, the photovoltaic increment is mainly due to the addition of photovoltaic units and the replacement of two parts of the old inverter in the stock plant.
The world’s main photovoltaic market, lcoe, is now one of the world’s most secure and cheap new sources of energy. With the announcement of energy-saving emission reductions and carbon-neutral targets by major global economies, photovoltaics are expected to remain on a high upward trend for the long term, with new ones expected to reach about 350gw by 2025.
In terms of stock replacement, life expectancy is around 10 years, because the inverter is an electrical electronics product. Photovoltaic power stations have an average life expectancy of 20-25 years, so the PV station faces the need to replace at least one inverse in its life cycle. Since 2012, the Chinese-American solar market has gradually dominated the global loading of machines, so the reverse in this part of the plant has been in replacement since 2021.
The world’s market share is expected to increase even further. The quality of domestic product reversible products is constantly improving, with low-cost benefits, improved after-sale services, and high-value ratios after certification through local security regulations overseas.
In June 2021, the country’s exports of reversible agents totalled $440 million, a 63% increase over the same period, and continued the upward trend since 2020h2. According to Woodmackenzie’s year-on-year reversible exports to the world in 2020, they are expected to increase further in 2021.
The whole county drive is being carried out in a comprehensive manner, looking at the high growth in the fast-growing inverter industry. The current distribution of the world’s photovoltaic market is hot, with households stimulating the explosion growth with a national supplement of $0.03/kwh policy in 2021, with 2021h1 mounted 5.9gw, representing 41.8% of the total installed, confirming a high distribution trend of 2021.
The county-driven pilot project will be fully implemented in the provinces and cities, and the distributed light-voltage potential will be further developed. With the spread rapidity, small power, multi-routine mppt group inverters will be more advantaged and better suited to the distributed application scenario. The installed capacity will lead to a global photovoltaic reverse transformer tap, with a further increase in productivity. As of the end of 2020, the company will have light-voltage capacity.
In 2021, the company plans to raise an additional $3.63 billion, mainly from the new energy generating equipment base, which produces 100 gw per year, and from research and development centres and marketing systems.
After that, the company ' s inverters/transformations are expected to produce more than 140gw, laying the production and output base for the company ' s long-term 40 per cent city occupancy target; while the company is investing in strengthening the global marketing service system, the pipeline network has been further improved, and it is expected that it will be further strengthened without the inverter leader.
Assumption 1: the company’s photovoltaic inverter output has steadily increased, with 50gw, 70gw, 2021-2023, and assumption 4: the scale of other operations’ income and the level of the Māori rate remain relatively stable. We have selected three companies in the reverse inverter industry as comparable companies, with an average of 92 times the average of the three companies in 2021.
After the recovery of domestic end demand, the company’s investment in power plant development will return and will benefit from a high trend in distributed markets and high profitability. We expect the company’s net profit compound growth rate for the next three years to be 37.40%, taking into account the firm’s absolute leader as a global inverter industry and its profitability over the industry.
1) Risks of less than expected global PVs: 2) Risk of less than expected performance of corporate capacity: 3) Increased cost of raw materials and the risk of lower profitability of companies.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.