The profit ring improves. As a global leader in integrated circuit manufacturing and technology service providers, \triangleright operates around the world with products and services covering mainstream integrated circuit system applications.
Since 2023, the industry has entered a downward cycle, but since the beginning of the year, the company has achieved quarterly improvements in revenue-sides, while at the same time there has been a steady improvement in the efficiency of corporate business management, with a cost of 3.28 per cent for the period q3, a decline of 0.32 pct compared to the same period.
2.5d/3d, system-grade and high-performance inverted chips and high-line interconnections technology, the products and technologies of which should be used in the areas of network communications, mobile terminals, high-performance computing, auto electron, large data storage, etc. by research assistant Zhang Man Rain in recent years.
Companies are actively adjusting the strategic layout to focus on high-value-added applications of high-performance containment technologies, accelerating the shift from consumer-type markets to areas where demand for automobiles is growing rapidly, such as electronics, 5g communications, high-performance computing, storage, etc. This is 6.9 ptt. The spread of 5g technology offers more development opportunities for the automobile electronic chip market, along with industry.
The recovery of the sealing climate is promising, the advanced seal leads to sustained growth and the 2023 transition, and the company’s performance is expected to return to a good level of robustness and capacity utilization is expected to increase gradually. Product research and development is progressing well, and the management system continues to improve.
2. Long-electric technology (600584.sh) depth report: advanced \triangleright import, millimetre wave radar and laser radar product optical encapsulation technology development and mass production of cable-lined products
Grade0, full coverage, layout, third generation semiconductor power module, advanced containment stage of power devices, first production programme for the import and testing of 5g mm wavel-patid products by customers, and 5g millimeter antenna aip module products are now in production.
The strength of plant quality control continues to drive down efficiency gains and increase corporate profitability. Investment proposal: long-power technology, as a leading global seal business, has differentiated competition in technology \triangleright
The advantage is to have a stable diverse and high-quality client base around the world. We expect the company's 2023-2025 battalion to be 33/17/13 times the current price, and we see the company as a leader in business and maintain \triangleright.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.