The net profit q2 ring is higher, the top-heavy envelope is growing over the long term, the net profit q2 is significantly repaired, and the down-cycle is more resilient. The global semiconductor industry is still in the down-cycle, affected by geopolitical conflicts, global recession, etc., and industry demand continues.
Global semiconductor markets will decline by 10.3 per cent each year, with sales on the global semiconductor market falling by 19.3 per cent in the first half of the year.
Market challenges, deep-seated market potential, sustained empowerment in terms of efficiency gains, lean production, advanced technology transformation, etc. q2 performance, especially profit-end repairs, are evident. 2023q2, companies are achieving accelerated deployment of high value-added markets, such as automobiles and electronics. In recent years, firms have accelerated from the consumer category to the higher value-added markets.
Automobile electronics, 5g communications, high performance calculations, storage, etc., with fast-growing market demand, top/lowest price addition market strategic layout within 52 weeks. Company revenue of 2023h1 is divided by market application area into: communications
Investments in the national integrated circuit industry 2 pcts down by electronics, 1.3 pcts down by electronics in communications, 6.9 pcts by electronics in cars, foundations, Inc.
Industrial and medical electronics growth by 1.4 pcts. Thanks to the growth of new energy cars in China, and the company’s system solution to the intelligent incremental market for cars such as advanced assistive driving adas, pre-winding and the development of related product encapsulations continued to grow rapidly in the first half of the year.
In order to meet the growing demand for markets and customers, in April the company established a joint venture with Shanghai port of approach to build a storage base for the manufacture of car chips in a new section of the Shanghai free trade test area. The company joined the International Aec Automobile Electronics Commission.
It is the first sealing company to enter China, and all six production bases in China and abroad are certified through iatf16949 (a quality management system for the automobile industry).
The chip feature size is close to physical limits, and advanced envelopes are an important way to enhance chip performance and continue Moor's laws. With rapid advances in artificial intelligence, high-performance computing, 5g, etc., market demand for high-performance chip encapsulating technology continues to grow. According to Yole, 2022,
The size of the advanced envelope market is approximately $44.3 billion, or 47 per cent of the total envelope market, and is expected to rise to 58 per cent by 2028, or approximately $78.6 billion, or 10 per cent of the capr 22-28. Of this, 2.5d/3d is up to 30 per cent of the top capr 22-28.
The third oast company, with its technological and customer leadership in advanced containment, is expected to continue to benefit from advanced containment developments. In recent years, the company has invested considerable resources in high-performance containment, and has launched a high-performance containment platform for high-performance computing, among other things.
xdfoiTM. xdfoiTM is a highly dense, multi-swidth envelope high-density isomer integration solution for Chiplet, which integrates chips and tests using a coordinated design concept, covering 2d, 2.5d, and 3d integration techniques.
The density multi-dimensional isomer integration series has entered the steady mass production stage as planned, synchronizing the international customer ' s 4nm node multichip system for the integration of packaged products, with a maximum envelope area of about 1,500 mm2.
High-performance computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, auto electrons, etc., provide clients with lighter-forming, faster data transfer rates, less power-depleted chip manufacturing solutions. The company ' s 2.5drdl high-performance envelope for Xdf01TM has been stabilized and converted to silicon.
The downstream demand has not recovered as expected: R & D has not progressed as expected: client orders have not been made as expected: the data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.