We have a long-standing interest in the company's “high-quality track plus hard combined power”, which covers the first time that an “enhanced” rating is given.
The company is a national semiconductor equipment star enterprise: 1) industry level: the global semiconductor market is expected to warm back in 2020; the semiconductor industry is shifting to China, domestic storage and new production lines are being built and expanded, and the sealing of new crystal-crytic manufacturing capacity is being built, which will boost the demand for upstream equipment;
The more advanced and complex the manufacturing process process is, the more frequently it is used, the more technical requirements it is, the more it will lead to the increased use of corrosion equipment and the upgrading of technology; 2) at the firm level, technologically advanced domestically, internationally advanced, products are highly recognized by customers, both within and outside the country, and continue to work with downstream customers to develop higher ends
We look forward to the future of the company, which is expected to be the highest level of semiconductor equipment in the country, and to continue to grow in reserves for new products. The international market, where high-end corrosion equipment has taken its place, has reached 1.4% in the city of ccp, although sales have been large.
The head difference is large, but some of the technologies meet international standards for the same type of product; the domestic market is highly competitive, with more than 15 per cent of bid purchases in the mainstream indigenous storage, the faundry plant and an accelerated increase in the city ' s share.) In terms of logicic, high-end etching equipment has been used in the 65-7nm production line of internationally recognized customers.
Up; 5 nm equipment has been developed for a number of key steps in processing and has been ordered by industry leading customers; a new generation of etching equipment and etching processes, including more advanced Damascus, can cover less than 5 nm etching needs and more different critical applications, in line with customer demand.)
In the case of 3dnand, ccp can be applied to 64 layers of mass production; a new generation of critical carving applications covering 128 layers and etching equipment and processes with a very high depth ratio is being developed according to the needs of the storage plant.)icp has produced quantities on the production lines of multiple logical, storage plants and has developed technology for the next generation of products according to the needs of its customers.
To meet the demand for icp etching for products such as logical chips under 7 nm, 1 x nanodram chips, and 3dnand chips above 128 floors, and to develop high-yielding etching equipment that is less advanced than expected in cases involving administrative patents or triggers market mood fluctuations.
1. Plasma etching/mocvd equipment highly accepted by customers both inside and outside the sea, taking advantage of the high performance growth of the east wind 1.1, domestic semiconductor equipment star enterprise, deep-dry plasma etching equipment, mocvd equipment collars
China Embranch focuses on the development and production of plasma etching equipment, deep silicon etching equipment and mocvd equipment in the field of integrated circuits, led chips (including advanced encapsulations, mems) and other key equipment such as the logo.
The company’s plasma etching equipment has been specifically used in the manufacture and advanced encapsulation of integrated circuit processing from 65 nm to 14 nm, 7 nm and 5 nm for international first-line customers; the company’s mocvd equipment has been produced in large quantities on the production lines of the industry’s leading clients, and has become the world’s top ranking and pre-occupied country.
Manufacturer of nitrous oxylyd equipment. Since its establishment, the company has produced multiple plasma etching equipment and mocvd equipment: 1) plasma etching equipment
Since its inception in 2004, the company has developed a very high frequency (VHF) to coupling plasma etching device, primo \triangleright d-rie, and has so far successfully developed a dual-reaction station, primod-rie, and a dual-reaction station, primo
(b) In 2012, the company developed electrically sensitive plasma etching equipment, which has been successfully developed to date.
(b) The company has also developed an advanced containment of integrated circuits and market demand for mems to apply to these collars.
The company has developed and is now producing plasma etching equipment of the same quality as American equipment companies, and in 2015 the United States Department of Commerce announced the lifting of export controls on our plasma etching equipment for many years.
In 2010, the company began the development of mocvd equipment, which is the most critical equipment in the led process, and has so far developed three generations of mocvd equipment, mainly for production plus of blue green light and power devices.
Industry, including the first generation of equipment prismod-blue, the second generation of equipment prismoa7 and the third generation of larger-sized equipment. (3) Voc Equipment also introduced in 2016 voc equipment for air purification in industries such as flatboard display production lines.
After many years of efforts, the company has successfully entered some mainstream semiconductor manufacturing firms, both within and outside the country, with relatively high-quality customer resources. The users of the company’s corrosion equipment include plant builders, middle core international, U.S.C.E.E., H.I., U.S.E., U.S.E.
The company received a number of heavyweight prizes. In 2018, the leading semiconductor industry consulting firm in the United States, Vlsi.
In the research survey and rating of global semiconductor equipment companies for “client satisfaction”, the global corporate rating was maintained for the third time in the global year, and was ranked second in both professional and specialized chip suppliers of chip manufacturing equipment, while global crystal-crystal equipment manufacturers rated only five-star companies.
This reflects the fact that the company's performance in terms of product competitiveness and customer satisfaction, “high-quality track plus hard combined power”, has continued to grow at a high rate, with income from the main business as a whole rising from $610 million in 2016 to 2019.
1.95 billion yuan, or approximately 47.2 per cent of the total, was largely attributable to: 1) China ' s semiconductor industry is at an accelerated stage of development, 2) companies continue to invest in research and development and keep rolling out new products, 3) companies have high-quality customer resources and good market brands; in 2019, in the context of ongoing global trade disputes, continued slowdown in world economic growth, and downward pressure on the domestic economy
In the context of this increase, the global semiconductor, led, and equipment industries have experienced a significant decline, and corporate incomes have increased by 18.8%, albeit at a lower rate. In 2017, the net return profit of the company was reversed and the net return profit of 2017-2019 grew significantly, rising from $300 million in 2017.
Figure 2: Maintenance of high growth in corporate operating income (million yuan) Figure 3: Maintenance of high growth in net corporate returns (billion yuan)
In addition, there is revenue from spare parts, equipment maintenance, etc., which in 2019 was the proportion of the above-mentioned income/percent of the main business, followed by 15.9 per cent of the specialized equipment, which is the basis for the firm's research and development investment, which is the basis for ensuring long-term core competitiveness.
The amount amounted to $430 million, or 21.8 per cent of operating income, of which the cost, capitalization and R & D investment ratios were 250 million yuan, or 58.7 per cent, and 180 million yuan/41.3 per cent, respectively.
R & D inputs provide a fundamental guarantee for companies to remain competitive in the long term. Figure 6: High levels of R & D inputs in companies The decline in M & D rates is not a decline in profitability, mainly due to the rapid growth of low M & A operations.
(Mocvd equipment presmoa 7 sales with a relatively low Māori ratio increased significantly), as a result of changes in market strategy; The decrease in 2019 was modest, with only 0.6 pct. The management cost rate increased and the sales cost rate and financial cost rate decreased.
Figure 8: Higher management costs, lower sales/fiscal costs Erosion of equipment presents a good opportunity for development, mocvd looks forward to the emergence of emerging applications markets 2.1 Erosion of equipment: company international market breakthroughs, domestic market leadership, corrosion of equipment industry
Three major development opportunities: 2.1.1, ccp and icp are the two most widely applied types of plasma etching equipment, which is the process of selectively removing unwanted materials from the silicon surface using chemical or physical methods.
This is often done after a visual examination, with the aim of correctly copying the masked graphics on the silicon silica that is laden. The luminous layer is not subject to significant erosion in the carving process, the parts that are covered by the luminous carve are protected from corrosion, and the parts that are not covered will be carved. The etching can be seen as the final transfer process step for copying the required graphics on the silicon.
In semiconductor manufacturing, there are two basic etching processes, dry etching and wet etching, where dry etching is the most important method of carving the sub-megameter size. Dry etching, also known as plasma etching, refers to the physical or chemical reaction (or both) between the chemical corrosion agent in the gas state and the material on the silicon that is not covered by photocollage.
The process of removing exposed surface material. Normally, the reaction generator is volatile and can be extracted from the reaction cavity. Wet etching is the process of chemically removing silicon surface material from liquid chemical reagents (acids, alkalines, solvents, etc.). Early etching processes are mostly wet etching, but because of their online breadth control and directional etching, etc.
In many ways, the process after 3 μm is mostly dry etching, and wet etching is used only to corrod certain layers or residues on silicon silicon (wet etching is described in the cleaning equipment section below). In dry etching systems, etching is done by chemical or physical action, or by co-activation, in which the physics and chemistry mix.
The effect is to achieve good line width control and a better selection ratio for etching, and is therefore used in most dry etching processes, depending on the type of etching material, the corrosion equipment can be divided into three main categories of silicon etching equipment, metal etching equipment and medium etching equipment.
(ccp) and electro-sensor coupling plasma etching equipment (icp) are two of the most widely applied types of plasma etching equipment of all types. Silicon etching is used to remove silicon, such as the multi-crystal and silicon cell caps; metal etching masters make wires if they remove alloy composite layers from the metal layer; medium etching for materials in the medium, for example.
Creates the sio2 etching of contact holes or perforated structures. Traditional silicon etchings and metal etchings tend to use equipment with lower ion energy e.g. icp etching equipment; medium etching is towards equipment that uses higher ion energy, e.g. electro-molecular coupling plasma etching equipment ccp etching equipment.
Table 3: The difference between the process used for the icp and the ccp carving machine, which is also the most complex, difficult and proportionally most used in the integrated circuit manufacturing process. As chip integration increases, the production process becomes more complex, and the ratio of carving to the entire production process is more complex.
2.1.2 Global market for corrosion equipment: ccp has a place where some of the technology meets international standards for similar products. Global market size for semiconductor corrosion equipment exceeds $10 billion/year, and the three giants split more than 90 per cent of the city have dropped by 7 per cent from their historical highs of the year; of this, they include, according to a company offer note, cutting equipment from the crystal round manufacturing chain.
About 19.4% of all equipment, or $11.6 billion. The global semiconductor etchings industry has a high concentration, with major players focusing on pan forest semiconductors, Tokyo electronics, and applications, accounting for more than 90% of the global market.
After more than a decade of efforts, the company had a place on the international market for high-end domestic corrosion equipment. When the former company sold corrosion equipment, which was dominated by capacitive corrosion equipment, according to the company’s offer, the global market for capacitation equipment was about 1.4%.
There are still some gaps in the head, but some technology levels and applications have met international standards for similar products and have been applied to the most advanced production lines of 7 nm and 5 nm globally. 2.1.3, Chinese etching equipment market: highly competitive, with an accelerated increase in city occupancy rates
In mainland China, sales of semiconductor equipment amounted to $13.5 billion a year, an increase of 2.6% over the previous year, compared with 19.4% in the mature market, and the size of the Chinese market for corrosion equipment amounted to $2.6 billion, equivalent to 18.3 billion yuan. Companies have a strong market competitiveness in domestic semiconductor corrosion equipment markets, and the city’s share has accelerated.
In the case of local storage and logical-ic manufacturers, the overall procurement rate of the Chinese insignia is over 15%, the largest indigenous semiconductor carving equipment supplier in the mainstream storage, and the company’s market presence in the local market has accelerated, with nine units in the Yangtze area since 2020.
Figure 15: Companies have a strong market competitiveness in domestic corrosion equipment markets: “New application markets + global industrial transfer + progress in manufacturing processes” exposes domestic corrosion equipment markets to yellow
(b) Global transfer of semiconductor industries, crystals, production of circular plants and a significant increase in the number of orders for related equipment; and (c) reduction in the width and complexity of the process lines.
The advanced process evolves to smaller nodes, with higher requirements for the number of etchings and equipment technology. The advanced process nodes move from 14nm-10nm to 7nm, 5nm, and even smaller, soaking light.
The limitations of the source wavelength do not meet the ever smaller critical dimensions requirements, and multiple template processes must be used to achieve smaller critical dimensions through multiple depositions, light etchings, etchings that further increase the importance of the associated equipment, including corrosion equipment. Moreover, as process nodes are reduced, etching techniques need to be etching rates, variations, etchings.
There are higher requirements for such indicators as erosion deviations, selection ratios, depth width ratios, homogeneity, residues, plasma-induced sensitive device damage, particulate contamination, etc., and higher requirements for technological advances in corrosion equipment.
In the 3dd era, the main way to increase integration in the 3dnand manufacturing process was no longer to reduce the single upper width of the layer, but to increase the number of layers of stacked layers. The etching was to process 40:1 to 60:1 deep or deep ditches on a silicon oxide and silicon nitrous pair. The 64-stores were now in the mass production phase, with 128 layers stored in the Yangtze River.
Flash research and development has been successful. The increase in the 3dnand layer requires a higher depth-wide ratio of etching technology. 2.2, mocvd equipment: corporate gangiled is a global leader, and new applications such as miniled are expected to expand.
The company is the world’s leading producer of mocvd equipment, with a market share of as much as 41%. The mocvd equipment is the most important equipment in the led’s manufacture, and its purchase typically accounts for more than half of the total investment in the led production line.
With the rapid growth in volume, China is now the world’s largest market for mocvd equipment, with more than 40% of the world’s holdings. Now that mocvd equipment is used downstream, mainly in blue light, and as technology progresses, mocvd equipment is expected to be used gradually in yellow red light, deep UV, and miniled, microled, and in power.
The size of the market is expected to expand further in a number of emerging areas, such as speed devices. Since 2017, the company’s mocvd equipment has gradually broken the Vico-Eszgian monopoly. According to ihsmarkit, in 2018, the company’s mocvd equipment occupied 41% of the global nitrazine eleled market using mocvd.
According to yole data, in 2019, the expansion of the chlorinated quailled chip began to slow, and the led chip manufacturing plant continued to focus on miniled research and development and small-volume production, which will be mainstreamed into the led chip manufacturing plant in 2020,3 representing the highest level of domestic semiconductor equipment, and the continued development of new products could grow in the future.
3.1. Bring together good management teams and technologists, leading international and national companies with experienced management teams and technicians with an international perspective. Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, founder, is an important driver of international plasma etching technology development and industrialization.
Dr. Yoon, founder of the company, chairman of the board, and managing director, has 35 years of industry experience in semiconductor chips and equipment, and is an important contributor to the development and industrialization of international plasma etching technology. Dr. Yoon is a leading inventor of 89 American patents and more than 200 other domestic and foreign patents.
In the global rating of Vlsirerearch in the United States, the president of the company, Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, along with the chairman of Intel, Grove, was selected as the top ten leaders of the international semiconductor industry (allstars) in 2018. Other co-founders, core technicians, etc. of the company included experts in various fields of expertise, many of them in international semiconductors.
The equipment industry has cultivated for decades and has made an outstanding contribution to industry development by senior technology and management specialists. In addition, the company, using a full-share incentive system, has attracted experienced semiconductor equipment experts from around the world, forming a mature research and development and engineering technology team. By the end of 2019, the company had a total of R & D and engineering technicians.
421, or 58% of the total number of employees. The company succeeded in creating a creative and competitive technology and research team, which is a strong guarantee of continuous innovation in its products and services.
At present, the company has successfully completed four projects for the development and industrialization of plasma etching equipment, and the fifth R & D project is being implemented two years ahead of schedule. The company has accumulated a wealth of technological resources and extensive R & D experience, and has a number of autonomous intellectual property rights and core technologies.
By the end of 2019, 1,467 patents had been applied, of which 1015 had been authorized, and 859 had been patented. Companies had acquired the core technology in the areas of capacitative plasma etching equipment, electrosensive plasma etching equipment, deep silicon etching equipment and mocvd equipment, which has reached advanced and domestic international leadership.
3.2. Continuous development of a new generation of high-end applications to reserve capacity for performance growth Companies maintain a competitive advantage in corrosion of equipment products, in bulk for integrated circuit processing for domestic and foreign front-line customers Manufacturing production lines and constantly developing a new generation of equipment to cope with more advanced manufacturing processes. 1) Logical integration circuits
In the manufacturing chain, high-end etching equipment developed by the company has been used on the chip production line of an internationally known client, 65nm to 7nm; at the same time, the company has developed 5nm etching equipment for processing several key steps, in accordance with the needs of advanced-ic manufacturers, and has obtained bulk orders from industry leading customers.
The new generation of etching equipment and etching processes, including more advanced Damascus, can cover less than 5 nm etchings and more equipment for different critical applications. (ii) At the 3dnand chip manufacturing chain, ion et al. ion etching equipment can be applied to the volume of 64 floors, while the company is developing new ones in response to the needs of storage manufacturers.
A generation can cover 128 layers of critical etching applications and the corresponding very high depth-wide etching equipment and processes. 3) The company ' s electrosensive plasma etching equipment has already been produced on the production lines of multiple logical chips and storage chip manufacturers and, in line with the technology development needs of clients, is developing technology for the next generation of products to meet less than 7 nm
The demand for icp etching and the development of high-yielding icp etching equipment for products such as chip, dram chip for 1 x nanometer, and 3dnand chips above 128 layers. Expanding new applications in mocvd, deep UV lightled has been successfully validated by leading customers.
Reconstructing the competitive advantage of the Blue Lightled device to achieve a large volume of shipments; developing and proving successful the mocvd equipment used in the manufacture of deep UV light, with industry leading clients; developing mocvd equipment used in the production of Miniled is proceeding in an orderly manner; and manufacturing microlled, power devices, etc.
The development of mocvd equipment is under way.4 The global epidemic is largely under control in the first half of the year, and will not seriously delay the recovery of the global semiconductor industry;
Led market expansion slows down; companies have a steady supply of model equipment and new products are being developed and validated well; the reference is comparable to listed companies, where the value of company dynamics is higher than the average value of the valuation of listed companies, but we do.
The company is considered to be a national semiconductor equipment star, taking into account: 1) the industry level: the global semiconductor market is expected to warm back by 2020; the semiconductor industry is shifting to China, domestic storage, new production lines are being built in and expanded, and the sealer will be equipped with new crystallized manufacturing capacity to build production lines that will pull up the need for upstream equipment
The more advanced and complex the manufacturing process is, the more frequent the process is used, the more technical requirements it is, the more it will lead to the increased use of corrosion equipment and the upgrading of the technology; 2) at the firm level, technologically advanced domestically, internationally, the products are highly recognized by customers, both within and outside the country, and continue to work with downstream customers to develop higher-end responses
We look forward to the future of the company, which is expected to slow the recovery of semiconductor markets, slow nationalization, and the certification of new product development. The company as a third person is involved in an administrative patent litigation: in April 2020, the company received from the Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau.
The notice requires the company to participate as a third person in a suit against the State Intellectual Property Office (the respondent). Given that the company is only a third party and not a defendant, and that the patent is not a company patent, the success or failure of the case will not have a direct impact on the company’s operations or performance, subject to the risk of market mood fluctuations.