High-end semiconductor equipment leads, research and development accelerates the process of national production substitution, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre  Lead national production of high-end semiconductor equipment, and high-level research and development contributes to high corporate income and performance growth.
The semiconductor equipment lead enterprise, the main etching equipment and mocvd equipment, the company ccp, icp and deep silicon, the international locomotives of corrosion equipment technology, have been widely applied to the international front-line client process of 65 nanometers to 5 nanometers, with the global market for nitrous nitrous nitrous oxylydmocvd equipment accounting for more than 60% in late 18th year.
Business income is 1.95 billion yuan, compared to 18.8%, net profit for mothers is 190 million yuan, compared to 107.5%, and research and development creates high-tech barriers that drive companies to raise their revenues and performance.
Erosion and dry etching, the latter being the current mainstream and constantly moving in the direction of low-pressure, high-density plasma concentrations of icp. The membrane sedimentation device, contrary to the etching mechanism, is limited by the light engraving wavelength of the euv, and the advanced process of 3d Nand with a very deep width ratio and logical chip requires a multiple cover of etching and film deposition.
Recaution of three major international etching companies’ development paths, with prominent corporate tap genes. Panforest semiconductors, amats, and tel are the world’s top three etching equipment producers, with half of the global market for panforest semiconductors.
The pan forest semiconductor begins with a sophisticated etching device, with autonomous research and development capabilities that continue to leapfrog advanced technologies, such as irp. At the same time, the company faces the alternative national production path that tel once faced, and the diversification path in the amat strategy.
• The company’s product market is growing, and new processes are being developed to meet the alternative market for national production. The company’s product technology is leading, and the market’s share in the country’s crystal mills is increasing. For example, in 2020, q1 held 22% of the company’s storage of corrosion equipment in the Yangtze River, up from 9.7 pp in 19 years.
New demand, such as uvled, micro/miniled, is driving growth with mocvd. As companies move forward in the logic chip of Damascus and 3dnand, with extremely deep-wide corrosion processes, and in the research and development of uvled, micro/miniled mocvd, it is expected that the company’s market share will continue to rise.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals. Based on internationally advanced technology for corporate products, strong R & D, and expected to continue to rise in the case of sub-national production of semi-carrier equipment, a national semiconductor equipment-led enterprise is expected to return to net profit in 2020-2022, and innovation will contribute to high performance growth
1.1 Erosion equipment compared to shoulder international giants, mocvd is a national alternative to home-grown corrosion equipment, and technology is more than shoulder international giants. Sino-micro was established in 2004 and was previously a modest medium-sized company.
With regard to etching equipment, since its inception, the company has been developing plasma etching equipment, which now covers three major areas: ccp, icp and deep silicon, where corrosion equipment has been processed and manufactured in the 65 nanometer to 5 nanometer process on the first-class customer chip production line, both within and outside the country.
In terms of volume production, the United States Department of Commerce announced in 2015 the lifting of export controls on our plasma etching equipment for many years. ccp etching equipment: from its inception, the very high frequency (VHF) to the Plasma etching equipment (ccp etching equipment) was developed, and to date, the two-reaction station Primod-rie and the two-reaction station have been successfully developed
Primoad-rie and single-reaction counter Primosscad-rie trigeneration etching equipment, as well as pprimo hd-rie for chip storage. Numerous etching applications covering 65-5 nanometer micromechanical devices. icp etching equipment: 2012 company development of electrosensive plasma etching equipment (icp etching device), 2018
Primonanova, the first generation of electro-sensor coupling plasma etching equipment, which can be used not only for a variety of conductor etchings, such as sti, multi-crystal silicon fences, but also for medium etching, such as spaceretch, masketch, etc., leading industry production.
Low silicon etching equipment: the company's market demand for advanced containment of integrated circuits and the development of the mems sensor industry.
In 2010, the company began to develop the most critical mocvd equipment for the led device processing. The company has now developed three generations of mocvd equipment.
To be used in production and processing such as blue green light and power devices, the product of Prismoa7, which was marketed in 2017, has taken over the international giant market at higher prices than quickly. According to ihs, in the second half of 18 years, the company took over 60% of the global market for nitro-endocvd equipment and became the leader of the global nitro-azine potassium-based device of ledmocvd.
The company began to be listed domestically, in 2018 it completed its share system reform, and in 2019 it was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange initiative. The company, a few Chinese semiconductor equipment companies with direct international competitiveness, was rated by Vlsi Research as one of the only five five global five-star rating crystal manufacturers in 2019.
Table 1: Corporate corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment have been certified and duplicated in advanced processes of frontline customers, including domestic and international manufacturers of mainstream crystal mills and led, and client recognition and abundance are increasing. The company is now a supplier to several mainstream enterprises in the manufacturing of ic, semiconductor sealing and led chip manufacturing, etc., in the area of corrosion equipment customer packages.
With the increase in corporate income, new products are being enriched, and corporate products are being manufactured, sealed and distributed.
Increased penetration in the led production line, as shown by the trend in the top five clients of the company from 16 to 18 years ago, has been characterized by a growing client structure and a growing customer recognition of the products. Figure 2: The top five clients of the company have been growing in abundance (Overseas customers include build-up power, Hercules, U.S.C. Electronics, H.C. Electronics, etc.)
1.2 The core technical team is very strong, the big fund plus escort company has a diversified layout, the core technical team leads the way + the national engineer's spirit, breaking the foreign monopoly on high-end equipment. The inner structure of the integrated circuit industry is extremely complex, with dozens of layers of microstructures that require hundreds, if not thousands, of highly sophisticated steps.
The company is committed to the development of semiconductor microprocessors and the pursuit of technological innovation and product differentiation in order to push the country towards technological and manufacturing power. With this vision and mission, it brings together a team of talented researchers and engineers, both within and outside the country, as of the end of 2019.
The company has a total of 723 employees, of whom 276 (38%) are R & D staff and 145 (20%) are engineering technicians. The company’s core technical staff have held high-level positions in international semiconductor equipment leaders such as the Pan Forest Semiconductor (lamreserch), the American Applied Materials (Amat) and their qualifications.
Engineers are driving the process of replacing semiconductor equipment, such as high-end etching equipment, with national production. Table 3: Corporate core technicians were in high positions in companies such as pan forest semiconductors, application materials, etc. Corporate products and customer satisfaction were ranked three times in the international ranking of Vlsi.
The company won the semiconductor industry rating from the leading semiconductor industry consulting firm in the country. In 2018, in the global semiconductor equipment company's customer satisfaction survey and rating, the aggregate rating was the third in the world, the plasma etching equipment was ranked second, and the film deposition equipment was ranked first; and the company's overall rating was maintained in 2019.
Third, globally, and ranked second in both the professional and specialized chip manufacturing suppliers of chip-making equipment, while global crystal-crystal manufacturers rated only five of the five-star companies, one of them, as demonstrating the global competitiveness and market recognition of corporate products. In addition, the company's plasma etching equipment was awarded China International.
The "XVI Gold Award for the China International Industrial Fair" was awarded by the Organizing Committee of the Industry Fair, and the company's ultra-reactive mocvd device prsmoa7 was awarded high-level prizes such as the "Twenty China International Industrial Fair Silver Award." The "Great Fund" was invested in $480 million, and the company's semiconductor business was developed.
In 2015, companies received $480 million in investment from a major industrial fund, the first investment in a semi-conductor industry in Shanghai. In addition, companies received capital investment from Shanghai-based countries, and Shanghai-based investment in new technology-related industries.
The equity structure of the company is fragmented, with 18.02 per cent of the first shareholder of the company in Shanghai and 17.45 per cent of the second shareholder in Shanghai at the end of 2019, with 100 per cent of the equity share held by the State integrated circuit industry investment fund (large fund).
The market for semiconductor equipment is the most volatile in the entire chain of semiconductor industries, requiring equipment companies to diversify. According to the Department’s strategy for development over the next 10 years, companies will start with corrosion equipment and turn to other integrated circuit equipment, general semiconductor equipment, and non-conductor equipment.
In the case of integrated circuit equipment, the company has been involved in the first-class microprocessor company in 10-15 years, extending to semiconductor cvd and front-track testing fields. In 2010, the company offered 10.96% of Shenyangtao shares, which is mainly devoted to research and development of advanced production.
Chemical gas phase deposition equipment (cvd), major products including 8 inches and 12 inches of plasma chemical gas deposition equipment (pecvd), atomic layer film deposition equipment (ald), three-dimensional structure flashpecvd equipment (3dnand pecvd), etc., downstream customers covering various areas such as crystal circle manufacturing, chip encapsulation, display panels, etc., and already in the Yangtze River
In August 2019, the company announced that it was going to invest in a limited division of scientific instrumentation (Shanghai), which is a supplier of technologically advanced integrated circuit process testing equipment, and that its main products, such as optical detection equipment, silicon thickness and truffle measuring equipment, and macrodeficiency detection equipment, could be used on the 14nm and 64th floors.
In general semiconductor equipment and non-conductor industries: the company's mocvd, mems deep silicon carving machine has been certified by its customers and has taken up a certain market share.
and the Internet for semiconductor equipment and materials in the middle emblem chain, which fosters and promotes the ecological chain of the general semiconductor industry. 1.3 High R & D inputs drive product innovation, with high performance growth and a 21.8 per cent share of corporate R & D inputs in 19 can match high-end etching equipment with mocvd equipment.
International semiconductor leads, relying mainly on autonomous innovation in core technologies, to complete a breakthrough in products ranging from zero to one. The Division has adopted an autonomous R & D model, with the R & D process comprising the conceptual and feasibility phase, the alpha phase, the beta phase, and the mass production phase, in which companies have capitalized R & D after the Alpha phase.
High levels of R & D investment help companies to continuously achieve core technological innovation and maintain high income and profit growth. In 2017-19, the company ' s net return profit was 151.0%. Based on continuous innovation in technologies and products leading by corrosion, mocvd equipment, the company ' s revenue and profits kept growing at a high rate.
The same ratio increased by +18.8 per cent and the net profit from the mother was 190 million yuan, or +107.5 per cent. In 16-19, the company ' s operating income rose from $610 million to a higher level, mainly because of the capital expenditure plans usually made at the beginning of the year by the domestic crystal mill, the company ' s corrosion equipment and mocvd months and 10.6 months, with most equipment concentrated in the second half of the year.
By sub-product, the share of corrosion +mocvd equipment is 81.6%, and mocvd is on the market at a price exchange. In 19 years, public sector specialized equipment (artificial +mocvd) was sold at $1.590 billion, or 81.6% of the total, and company mocvd equipment was sold on the main year of mocvd equipment, while company mocvd received about $931 million, or 11.8%, in 19
47.7 per cent of the total revenue was reversed by an estimated 656 million yuan (+16.1 per cent, or 33.6 per cent of the total revenue) of the company ' s corrosion equipment in 19 years. For example, corporate corrosion equipment revenue was vulnerable to fluctuations in client capital expenditure, e.g. sales of corrosion equipment in 2017 compared to 38.5 per cent, as semiconductor cycles recovered and capital expenditure accelerated in the domestic crystallization plant, and advanced production processes such as desktop power, tristars, etc.
Speeding up, companies are expected to maintain a higher rate of growth in the future of corrosion equipment. In 2017, the company rolled out the Primoa 7mocvd equipment, quickly seized the market with high value for money and dual-reaction station technology, and in 18 years, the company adopted a price-for-value strategy to gain a further market share, and the company took up the global nitrazed silicone ledmocvd equipment in the second half of 2018.
The sub-regions see the mainland revenue share of 83.0% and the Taiwan revenue share of 13.8%. The rate of Māori for corrosion equipment is higher, with the expectation that the market stability of mocvd + the recovery of Māori for release of new products. The rate of Māori for company etching is higher, with 47.5% for corrosion equipment in 2018, but 35.5% for the same year.
The decline of 3.1 pp was mainly due to a price-for-value strategy adopted by companies to further capture market shares in mocvd, which reduced the Māori rate in 18 years to 26.3 per cent and earned 50.8 per cent, resulting in a price-for-value strategy that made the company the head of a global nitrazine potassium mocvd, which in the second half of 18 years occupied 60 per cent of the global market for nitrazine-based equipment in ledmocvd.
The company ' s overall Māori rate was 34.93 per cent in 2019, and the mocvd equipment currently developed by the company for the manufacture of deep UV-red has been successfully validated by industry leading clients; the mocvd equipment for miniled, microled, powerware is in the development phase and looks forward to a stable future Māori share in the city of Mocvd and a new product will be placed in the post-partum company.
Cost control was good, with a 19-year net interest rate of 9.7 per cent for companies and a year-on-year ratio of +4.2pp with a per capita output of RMB 2.6993 million. As the size of the collection continues to rise, the cost of sales and management costs of companies decreases from year to year. In 2019, the net interest rate of the Division of Corporate Marketing/Management/Financial Costs was 9.7 per cent, compared with +4.2 pp, and in 2019 the per capita output of companies was RMB 2.6993 million.
2 Technical Papers - Embedding lead logic, storage, mems and encapsulation processes to mainstream 2.1 plasma etching, which, together with film sediments, promotes advanced process development Erosion of light engraved equipment, which accounts for 24% of crystal circle manufacturing equipment. Light engraved is a photo copying method that will mask the template.
The graphics on it are precisely copied onto the photorecords or other masked membranes on the surface of the silicon, and the silicon is carved under the protection of the silicon or other masked membranes. The etching is a picture of the light carved light, including lines, faces and holes, that is accurately reprinted to the material under the silicon in order to form a complex structure of integrated circuits.
Erosion can be divided into wet etching and dry etching, and dry etching is the current mainstream. Early etching techniques are wet etching, mainly by chemical reactions between the solution and the etching material, which is not covered by light etchings decomposition and transformation into compounds that are soluble in the solution and then removed. The advantage of wet etching is that the process is simple and the equipment is simple.
Single, low-cost, high-yielding, good etching options. Because of the lack of direction of the chemical reaction, wet etching can cause corrosive side-by-side etchings, which are common to all types of etchings. When devices in integrated circuits become smaller in size, demands on sizes are increasing, and the drill erosion caused by the homogeneity of the different paths of wet etchings increases and creates graphics.
The wire is wide. So the wet etching is more used for the removal of residues after dry etching. Dry etching is carried out in the form of a plasma with which the body reacts physically or chemically (or in combination with the physical, chemical) to the silicon, mainly for sub-micro-scale etching, which has been widely applied to chip-making collars because of good variability and process control.
Dry etchings are divided into physical etchings and chemical etchings. Dry etchings include physical etchings and chemical etchings, in which physical etchings are those that use bright light discharges of the gas (e.g. argas) to form a positive ion, re-exploitation of the ion with paraplegic pressure, and splating at the surface of the carved object to be hit by an atom from which the etching is carried out. The chemical etchings are purely physical energy transfers.
Plasma elevates the gas and forms a strong ion, molecular and reactive atom mass, spreading to create volatile reaction products from the surface atom reaction of the corrosioned membrane, and is pumped from the reaction cavity by vacuum equipment.
Plasma etching is the chemical and physical duality of the most widely applied applications, divided into ccp and icp. The most widely applied etching techniques are the combination of physical and chemical etching techniques, combined with the dual advantage of non-equivalency versus high etching options, which is plasma etching. This method uses first the chemically active particles generated by plasma discharge, and then plasma.
Erosion begins when the ion strikes. Adding the ion strikes has three effects: one chemical key that destroys the corrosioned material surface to increase the rate of response; two impurities that are not easily removed from the chemical reaction are removed by physical means; three secondary depositions are broken off in the products or polymers of the corrosive film surfaces so that the corrosive surface is fully exposed to the corrosion gas.
Secondary sediments on the face can be struck by an ion, while secondary sediments on the side wall can be retained without being shelled by an ion, so the side wall can be cut off from the gas. Depending on the method of producing the plasma, dry etching is divided mainly into capacitative plasma etchings (ccp) and ccp.
Electrosensive plasma etching (icp): Capacitated plasma etching is mainly based on high-energy ions in hard media materials. Microstructures such as deep holes, deep ravines, etc. are etched with high depth and width; electrosensive plasma etching is mainly based on softer and thinner materials with lower ion energy and very even ion concentrations. Both types of corrosion devices cover the main etching applications.
Erosion combined with thin film deposition: multiple masking techniques drive advanced process development. As the integrated circuit chip manufacturing process progresses, the width of the threads shrinks, the chip structure 3d, crystal circle manufacturing progresses to 7 nm, 5 nm, and more advanced processes. Due to wavelength limitations of the immersion light engraved machines, the microstructure of the logical device 14 nm and up to 14 nm will be processed.
The combination of processes of plasma etching and thin film deposition - multiple template effects are achieved, increasing the processing steps of the equipment. The corrosion and thin film deposition equipment is expected to become the more critical and highly invested equipment. 2.2 Plasma etching moves in the direction of low pressure and high density.
The overall evolutionary path of the corrosion device is the increasing plasma concentration and the lower atmospheric pressure. By ion density, the path of the corrosion device can be divided into low-density plasma, medium-density plasma, low-pressure high-density plasma, where the low-density plasma consists of drums and parallel panels, and the medium-density plasma consists of rie/ccp and me-rie/ccp, which is low.
The pressure high-density plasma consists of icp and hdp/tcp devices. Figure 20: Plasma etching direction: low-pressure, high-density evolution.
ion etching machines are designed to be cylindrical, like barrels, and this etching is efficient with the removal of positive photorecords, the disadvantage of which is that the ion has a high energy ion in a cylindrical reactor, collapsing in an incoherent way, more inclined to the sameness. Parallel plate etching machines have two sizes and bits, symmetric flat metal panels, using power differentials to form high-energy ion-thrust-thrested, corrosioned parts, which are physical, corrosion.
The disadvantage is that the bombardment of high-energy ions may cause device damage, and lower pressure is needed to ensure the accuracy of the movement of smaller graphics. Second generation: rie/ccp and me-rie/ccp - increased plasma density and increased accuracy. rie/ccp
In order to produce a medium-density plasma, the energy of the ion can be controlled by a direct flow-based deviation voltage, which ensures the accuracy of a smaller-sized graphic transfer with lower atmospheric pressure than a first generation plasma carving machine. Me-rie/ccp is used in an extra-magnetic field to increase plasma ionisation and density. However, the individual energy of the plasma created by a capacitated coupling is higher than that of the material table.
Figure 24: Me-rie/ccp increases plasma density by adding a magnetic field to it. Figure 23: rie/ccp equipment improves previous generation defects. Third generation: icp and hdp/tcp, low-thrust energy, high-density plasma, taking into account etching rates and high selection
An electron coupling is more efficient in plasma generation, allowing for a combination of high ion density and low ion blasting power, by passing radio frequency power to plasma through the magnetic field, without spending energy on accelerating ion by imposing high pressure on the surface of a crystal circle.
The corrosion rate and high selection ratio. hdp is the generic term for producing high-density plasma concentrations at low pressure, icp is a hdp technique, where plasma is produced with low-pressure, large calibre, high density features, and is more easily subject to vertical ion bombardments, and the effects and etching appearances of different orientations, which can be considered neutral particles and ions in the system to be non-contamination-free, ion-like in the squid zone.
The blast path is more vertical, and the tcp technique requires that the density of the ion be controlled separately from the energy of the ion, resulting in a higher degree of accuracy in etching, for example, atom corrosion (ald), which is now beginning to surface in the field of corrosion.
2.3.1 Storage units - very high depth-wide etching and corrosion of the submersible layer The hard-covering of the membrane sheet etching, very high depth-wide etching and stair etching became a difficult point to create 3dnand. Nand-type flash one is directly committed to reducing critical dimensions and increasing the unit capacity to reduce the cost of manufacturing.
To maintain the current rate of cost reduction, industry switched to a 3d technology to stack vertically stacked flash chips on a single silicon, and for 3dnand, the challenge shifted from light to thin-film sedimentation.
The main difficulties from the etching point of view include hard masking (hardmasketch), very deep-wide corrosion (har) and stairage (stairtech). The rigid masking layer etching shifts the photorecording onto the hard masking sheet and makes the opening hole before the har corrosion.
Nand starts from the bottom of the line, starting with the chemical gas phase deposition (cvd) method, where the substrate is layered and stacked with film. After the stacking of the sedimentation process, the hard mask template is applied to the film pile and the top is a perforated pattern. This step is the corrosion of the hard masked sheet. The carbon/ graphite material, because of its high ammonium and the characteristics of the diamonds, increases the carving selection ratio.
It's the ideal material in etching as a rigid masked sheet. This etching step uses mainly c-f plasma carving barc/darc (organic anti-reflection layer) to define cd (threshold width) and then to carve the rigid mask and remove photorecords, to transfer the graphics on the photorecord to the rigid layer, and to remove the photorecord and barc materials, which are already available through advanced processes.
By controlling plasma currents, concentrations, and pressure to balance the reaction gas, control micro-deformation, physical fine-tuning, and lifting, extremely deep-wide (har) etching is the most difficult step in the 3dnand production. After puncture on the hard cover sheet, it is a very deep-wide etching, and for 3dnand, the etching tool must be drilled from the top of the device stack to the bottom.
Several tiny circular holes or passages, each of which must be parallel and even, the main steps being the use of c-f plasma etching, insulation materials to form a har structure, then the use of c-f plasma to remove the corrosion block, contact the lower layer of conductivity, and remove residual graphic material from o2 plasma.
Controls the adsorption of organic polymers in plasma, optimizes ionizing energy and plasma density so as to meet the requirements for control shape control, even-width width, and increased repetition. Step etching is a key step in connecting storage units to the bottom of the device, involving multiple etchings.
The two most important factors of the size of the meta and the steps are the narrowness and the step range. Traditionally, storage units and steps can be reduced by reducing the size and range of the sew and staircase structures, but they can also cause problems with the narrowness and the puncture spacing, the faults of the puncture bridge and the decomposition of the puncture and the bottom. The current advanced process has gradually been repaired.
2.3.2 Logical chips - Damascus technology solves the problem of advanced-range copper interconnection
Aluminium is used mainly as a metal interconnection material, but as the metal interconnector is smaller and smaller, the disadvantages of aluminium as a gold interconnection material are becoming apparent. At constant temperatures, aluminium has an electrical resistance rate of 2.8, \mu, \omega cm, while copper has an electrical resistance rate of 1.7 mcm, or about 60% of aluminium, and copper metal use can significantly reduce the interconnectivity barrier, thereby reducing rc delay.
Late. In addition to the advantages of low resistance, copper has a higher melting point than aluminium, so it has better resistance to electrical transport, and e-disposal time is two orders of magnitude higher than aluminium. The use of copper as a metal interconnection material not only directly reduces interconnection electrical resistance, but also enhances the reliability of interconnection.
The Damascus process overcomes the difficulty of corrosion of copper. Before copper is used as a metal interconnection material, it is usually interconnected by the normal dry etching of aluminium, yet copper is a stable metal by-product that does not create volatilities when reacting to etching gas and therefore cannot be carved directly by dry etching processes like aluminium to form a metal interconnectivity graphic at present.
The solution adopted by industry is that ibm developed the successful Damascus process (damascene) in 1997. The process avoided direct etching of copper metals.
The thin layers block metal membranes (e.g. ti, ta, tan, tin, etc.), the plating of the cube layer (filling the entire silicon oxide cavity) and the removal of the excess corrosion cessation layer (sic, nitrogen) of the cubic sediment layer and the intermedial layer (oxygens) — the heterogeneous etching of the inter-coated medium layer (intercoated metal layer) and the electroplating of the cudcmp
The Damascus process can be divided into single, bi-Damascus processes, which in turn can be divided into viafirst and ptfmhm. The Damascus process is also divided into single Damascus processes (singledamascene) and double Damascus processes (dualdamascene), the difference being whether the interconnected gulls and inter-connected holes at the same time deposit copper metal.
The two-Damascus process, which reduces the process by about 20%, is widely applied in the current copper interconnection process. The two-Damascus process integration programme is classified according to dry etching methods and can now be broadly divided into the first-to-back-to-draw Damascus process (viafirst) based on photoresist membrane and the first-to-late-to-chuck-tore-tore process based on metal hard masks.
Two types of masturbation (ptfmhm). Figure 32: ptfmhm has become the mainstream of the Damascus process and ptfmhm is widely used in advanced logic chip processes.
The content is generally sio2, fsg (frucured silcategrads) and sub-generation low-k materials, etc., the viafirst program is widely applied. However, at 45 nanometers and below, in order to further reduce rc delays, most of them use perforated ultra-lowk materials (k=2.4). Because the low-k membranes are very soft, they are vulnerable to high-energy attacks.
Low-k materials are exposed directly to the plasma environment during the decoupling of the ravine in the viafirst programme. The bi-Damascus integrated etching solution, based on the metal mask, uses tin as a hard mask.
Damages to low-k materials from the ash retardation process; in addition, complete corrosion of ditches during the integration of the troughs into the hole is used as a mask without a follow-up photoresistance process that can further reduce damage to low-k-medial electrical materials; as a result, it has been widely applied in the copper interconnection integration programme that combines low-k-bed electrical materials.
2.3.3 mems-bosch processes passivation of the side wall in deep silicon corrosion. icp becomes the dominant method of deep silicon etching. With the development of 3d containment techniques and 3D structural devices in the mems field, an increasing number of silicon punctures (throughsiliconvia, tsv) are present in the mems device with a very deep contrast structure.
Medium. Deep silicon etching technology is essential for the performance of the security device. The electrosensive coupling of plasma etching (icp) has become the more dominant method in the mems process by its superior properties. The icp etching system has independent control over plasma density and ion bombardment energy, high etching rates, simplicity of structure, low cost, process stability.
The Bosch process, also known as the deep reaction ion etching technique, is an excellent method of high-speed etching silicon in all directions of the opposite. This method is in plasma etching systems.
In the process, chemical etching and sedimentary steps are required to form a protective film on the side wall of the silicon conductor hole to prevent the corrosion of the side. The corrosion step is optimized to remove the sediment polymer from the bottom of the corrosion structure and then to carve the silicon below it at a high etching rate.
An all-oriental heterogeneity effect is achieved during the corrosion process.
Passive membrane corrosion can be connected to the chip. The crystal circle needs to be sent to the encapsulation test plant when the integrated circuit factory is finished, and in the sealing plant, each chip will be connected to the foot. Aluminium is a good material for the footing, it has low electrical resistance and is well welded with the fuse. At the same time, the aluminium material is filmed, etching is easy to control, and copper is difficult to weld with the fuse, so aluminium is used as aluminium.
As a material connected to the leg. On aluminium, there is a block layer, followed by an oxidizer (oxide) and a protective layer, usually a blunt membrane. Passive membrane is the outermost layer of the chip. The main function is to protect the entire chip from the external environment. The blunt membrane structure is usually nitrous silicon and oxidized silicon. The blunt membrane etching process is to open a hole on the top layer of the chip, piercing it.
As the key sizes decrease, the size of the chip decreases rapidly, and the requirements of the etching process increase. Advanced processes remove aluminium from corrosion with peaks and electrical transport.
Aluminium has a certain solid-state solubility, silicon flows into aluminium by spreading, while aluminium returns to fill the void left by silicon spreading, forming peaks in the part of aluminium that comes into contact with silicon. If the peak is too long, there is a short path when supermos leaks and source attitude depths. The way to stop the peaks is to insert the least silicon in the sediment of aluminium (1% or so). Aluminium deposited in this way does not easily produce peaks or peaks.
In an integrated circuit, as the feature size of the device decreases, the interlinking line cuts, causing a rapid increase in current density. As a result, in a nanocomb integrated circuit, there is also a high probability that the electrical circuit will fail as a result of the transfer.
Aluminium wires increase significantly. When it transmits electrical currents, aluminium atoms move along the boundary of the crystal particles of the conductive line, along with the movement of the electrons. Large electrical transfer can cause the loss of aluminium wires. At the same time, in other regions, the accumulation of metal atoms can form mounds. Oversized mounds can combine adjacent wires. In order to contain electrical transfer, usually coppers with lower circuit rates, add small amounts of copper.
Aluminium (0.5 to 4%). The crystal grain boundary of aluminium is a al2cu, which increases the energy required for the electrical transport of aluminium to inhibit electrical transport. The final requirement for the passivation of the membrane etching process is the complete removal of the aluminium surface, the good contour, the absence of residues, the complete removal of photoresistance, and the reduction of the accumulation of polymers in the cavity.
Table 4: Rear envelope etching steps 2.4 depositions opposite to etching direction, mocvd progress promotes wider application of thin membrane sediments: as opposed to etching direction, critical equipment for advanced processes is also promoted.
The corrosion object reacts physically or chemically, forming a highly volatile substance and taking it away from the crystal surface, and the thin-film sediment is the process by which the gas phase material is transported to the crystal-crystal surface, by which the physical or chemical reaction takes place on the crystal-crystal surface, forming the membrane layer, and the process by which the corrosion is in the opposite direction, as well as the process by which the advanced production of the logical chip is advanced to the very deep depth of 3dnand.
Key. Technologies such as side wall passivation in the etching process are also a thin-film sediment. The thin-film sediment is divided into physical gas-phase sedimentation and chemical gas-phase deposition. The physical gas-phase sediment is a physical form of evaporation or spatter that transforms solid materials into atoms, molecules, or ionish gas-phase substances and then causes them to be carried under vacuum conditions.
The evaporation particles of energy are deposited on the surface of the matrix or parts to form a membrane preparation method for the membrane formation. The method of physical gas phase deposition is mainly vacuum plating, spattering, and ion plating. The chemical gas phase sedimentation technique is a process by which a gaseous substance produces chemical reactions and transmissions on solids, etc., and produces solid sediments, and it contains roughly three steps: 1) the formation of volatile substances; 2) the above-mentioned
The chemical deposition techniques that are common include constant pressure chemical deposition, low-pressure chemical deposition, plasma-enhanced chemical deposition, chemical deposition of metal organic matter, etc. Mocvd is used in the manufacture of led chips, which is highly powerful.
The chemical gas phase deposition of compounds (mocvd) is an advanced technology developed on the basis of the exterior growth of the gas phase, based on the following principles: crystal source material such as iii, ii organic compounds and v, vi hydrogen, etc. Extraneous gas at the bottom of the line by thermal decomposition, growing into various ii-v, ii-vi semiconductors and thinners of various ii-v and ii-vi compounds.
In the early years, industry entered. After nearly 20 years of rapid development, mocvd has become one of the key technologies in the production of the led chip, accounting for nearly half of the cost of the blue light led extension. Compared to other technologies, mocvd has a series of incomparable advantages: (1) the vast majority of the compounds and alloy semiconductors that can grow; (2) the growth process is easy to control; and (3) pure is available.
Extremely high semiconductor material; (4) applied to heterogeneous structural materials; (5) its cost meets large-scale production requirements. In the manufacturing of miniled, microled and uvled, mocvd became the key equipment to drive process development.
Each of the world’s five largest semiconductor equipment manufacturers amounted to $52.86 billion, or 82.5% of the sales of the top 15 semiconductors. Of these, Asma’s is the largest in light-engine equipment and currently rules more than 70% of light.
The carpentry market, especially in the high-end light-engine market, represented by euv light sources, has a 100% urban rate. This has been accompanied by the production of corrosion and other semiconductor equipment applications and, in Tokyo, electronics and pan forest semiconductors, with three companies having also been able to increase their market share steadily in recent years.
In view of the development of international semiconductor equipment manufacturers, each company has a relatively clear competitive advantage in its area of disaggregation, and the market has shown a pattern of segmentation of market niches. But in recent years, semiconductor markets have gradually moved towards concentration, consisting mainly of segmentation of mergers and acquisitions within the market and cross-platform taps and acquisitions of other lines.
Subsector companies. In the semiconductor industry value chain, apart from the Dutch firm Asml, which has a mastery and almost monopoly on the global light-climbing market with leading technology and excellent products, Applied Materials companies are more competitive in other core semiconductors than light-climbs, and in pvd equipment, Applied Materials occupy most of the market as industry leaders.
Er, applications of materials on cvd and corrosion equipment competed strongly with enterprises such as the Panforest Semiconductor, Tokyo Electronics, etc., while application materials were hunted in the fields of cmp, inspection and measurement (including semiconductors, masks and photovoltaics), electroplating ald, ion injection, exterior processes and rtp.
In 2017, the top three companies accounted for about 94% of the total market share and industry concentration.
3.1 Panforest semiconductor: constantly opening the cutting edge of etching equipment, leading the way, etching equipment industry, with 55% of the city. Panforest semiconductor is one of the major suppliers of crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment and services from the world semiconductor industry, based in Wellmont, California, United States of America.
The engineer davidlam, who was listed in January 1984 in Nasdak, United States, is now the world’s fourth largest semiconductor producer. The transvestite semiconductor provides equipment for semiconductor processes such as film deposition, plasma etching, single crystal circle cleaning, and downstream customers are mainstream semiconductor suppliers and surrogates, and with ssk Hercules, Lights, Stations and others.
In 1992, when the icp equipment was first released, the market was quickly seized. Since its inception, the pan forest semiconductor has focused on the single market of corrosion equipment, one of the oldest companies to produce corrosion equipment, constantly opening the frontiers of corrosion equipment and leading the advanced process.
In 1981, the company introduced its own first-phase plasma etching product, aututech, developed in 1982 an etching device to support the 1.5 micrometer process, and in 1989 an etching device to support the 0.8 micrometer process, one of the most advanced in the process at the time. In 1992, the company developed its first icp dry etching device, opening the door to the icp corrosion device.
In 1995, the company developed the first dual-frequency icp medium corrosion device, based on the previous generation of icp equipment, and successfully applied it to 350 nanometres of process chips, becoming the most advanced corrosion device at that time. In 2014, it entered the area of atomic layer etching, and continued to open cutting edges and lead the advanced process.
In response to the entry of the future transistor microfiche into atomic dimensions, the company began to deploy the atomic layer-level etching technology (ale), which was first introduced by the pan forest semiconductor, and currently only by the pan forest semiconductor. The focus of the Atomic layer etching is on how to control the process accurately, which requires precise control of the ion energy, and the panforest semiconductor has proposed that it should be used to control it.
Synergy theory: from the key energy of chlorine atoms and silicon atoms and the size of the corresponding molecules, the required ion mass and the energy to form an ion, based on which elements of the corresponding mass and their corresponding chemosynthetic price are found in the elemental cyclical table, to form the required ion and then complete a perfect corrosion of the atomic layer.
A series of products has increased the functionality of ale, which can be applied to low-k and ultra-low-k-mix mediums and 3dnand high vertically and horizontally compared apertures, troughs, and contact points, which are mainly used for the etching of the finfet and triline, 3dnand, and high-k/metal fence poles.
In March 1997, the Panforest Group acquired a total of US$ 225 million from the company’s manufacturer of chip equipment specializing in the flatning of cmp cleaning from chemical machinery. To date, the company’s owner has acquired a total of traksystemsinc.
Camp operations continued to focus only on corrosion, film deposition, and cleaning equipment made in semiconductor crystals, with 70 per cent of business services in storage at an estimated 65.9 billion yuan in 19 and over 12 per cent in R & D inputs, with per capita output of 2.642 million yuan and 40 per cent in Roe. In 2019, the company received operating income of $9.549 billion (65.9 billion yuan), compared with 12.9 per cent;
3.2amat: Entered plasma etching in 1978 and diversified into the world’s largest semiconductor equipment company. US application material (Amat) was established in 1967 and listed in 1972 in Nasdak, with its headquarters in Santa Clara, Silicon Valley, California. Corporate revenues amounted to $750 million since 1992 (at that time).
After an exchange rate of $4.11 billion, the application material has so far been one of the world’s largest suppliers of semiconductor equipment. The company owns more than 21,000 employees, has 12,500 proprietary technologies, and has 93 branches in 17 countries around the world.
In the Silicon Valley, an application material company was set up; in 1968, the application material officially started with the film deposition equipment; in 1971, the application material introduced the infrared-extended sediment system, greatly improved the quality of the industrial deposition and increased the production of the bipolar device. This innovation enabled the equipment market to quickly give the application material a larger market share. In 1978, the application material decided to enter the plasma.
Through independent team development, in 1981 the company developed a modern etching era, using materials that were once the world’s largest corrosion supplier and later counter-edged by a pan forest semiconductor. The solution market concept was developed, advocating the collection of specific application problems faced by customers and the provision of uniques with specific equipment.
Special solutions, with the aim of optimizing equipment performance and improving plant productivity, a shift from equipment manufacturers to programme suppliers has set the direction for the future operation of application materials, i.e., the manufacture of crystal-crystal processing equipment and the sale of auxiliary customer solutions. In the late 1990s, companies that experienced the effects of Internet bubble break-ups, the Asian financial crisis, etc. recognized the cycle.
The strong influence of semiconductor equipment companies has begun to expand the layout of semiconductor equipment and general semiconductor equipment through M&As to enhance corporate risk resistance. In 2019, corporate semiconductor systems, global services for applied materials, displays and related markets 62 per cent, 27 per cent, and 11 per cent have developed a panconductor industry layout.
In 2019, the amat harvest amounted to about RMB 10,660 million, with a per capita output of RMB 45,760, or 37% of Roe. In 2019, the cost of research and development of applied materials remained at a high level of 10% or more. As the company’s R&D costs rose, the company’s products remained competitive, helping the company’s per capita output and the Roe level to increase continuously, with the company’s per capita output in 2019.
Four hundred and fifty-seven thousand yuan, or 37 per cent of roe. 3.3tel: Carrying on the alternative road to Japanese domestic production, with 71 per cent of the flat market showing corrosion. Tokyo Electronics (tel) is Japan's leading semiconductor equipment provider, mainly in semiconductor equipment and tablet display.
Tokyo Electronics was set up in Tokyo, Japan, in 1963, as the largest and third largest supplier of semiconductor equipment worldwide. The Tokyo Electronics product covers almost all the processes in the semiconductor manufacturing process. Its main products include: fabrication/apparent equipment, thermal treatment filming equipment, dry etching equipment, cvd, wet cleaning equipment, and testing equipment.
In addition, in fpd manufacturing equipment, the share of corrosion equipment has reached a level of semiconductor trade, with a joint venture with the Panforest semiconductor in 1983 to produce etching machines and take alternative routes to Japanese production.
In 1968, Tokyo Electronics merged with thermcoproductscorp. It became Japan’s first semiconductor manufacturer of equipment. In 1978, the company was officially renamed Tokyo Electronics Ltd. In the 1980’s, Japan’s semiconductor industry became more booming.
In 1983, Tokyo Electronics, in collaboration with the United States company Panforest Semiconductor Research, introduced the first-class American technology at the time, and began producing carpentry machines in Japan. In this way, Tokyo Electronics gradually increased the proportion of domestic production and became the manufacturer of the most sophisticated semiconductor manufacturing equipment. In 1989, Tokyo Electronic Semiconductor was the world's leading producer (vlsi).
The tablet displays the same weight as the semiconductor, and accounts for 71% of the market for the tablet displaying the corrosion machine. The company's flat monitor and semiconductor carving technology weighs together, and according to the company's 2018 report, the flat tablet corrosion device took over the global market in 2018.
In 2016, the production of small- and medium-sized high-plate products, and the introduction of a new etching system in Tokyo. In 2017, the large-scale electronic production and sale of the irp etching system in Tokyo, which meets the market ' s high-resolution 4k and 8k and the big screen, was launched.
Tel was the third largest semiconductor equipment supplier in the world. In 2019, Tel collected $11.56 billion ($77.80 billion), compared to +13.05 per cent, with a profit of $2.24 billion (15.11 billion), compared to 21.5 per cent. It was the third largest semiconductor in the world. In 2019, the company invested $6.90 billion in R & D, representing 8.9 per cent of R & D costs over the decade of 2009-19.
3.4 To the three giants: The company has joined the international first-class etching ladder to lead the corrosion equipment from the current to the front and back, with the paraforest semiconductor growth logic. The company, like the pan forest semiconductor, has started to work on etching equipment, is a national high-end corrosion facility leading the industry on its own initiative to develop and break through the ccp, icp technique.
In addition, the company, like the pan forest semiconductor, has adopted a development path for long-interrupted equipment, “go-to-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go,” but unlike the pan forest semiconductor, apart from the sedimentation equipment, the company has taken the lead not in the area of cleaning, but in a more valuable forward detection business.
Companies, like Tokyo Electronics, have emerged in the industrial chain to their home countries, and face the problem of substitutes for equipment. But instead of taking the model of a Tokyo electronic joint venture, companies have chosen to take ownership of research and development and form their own intellectual property accumulation and core by recruiting people, building research and development teams.
Building on the strategy of applying the materials-wide semiconductor platform, building a semiconductor flagship. Similar to the amat layout-wide semiconductor platform, the company ' s development strategy over the next five to ten years will also build on the production and development experience of existing high-end etching equipment to break through other semiconductor equipment, general semiconductor equipment and non-conductor applications through endogenous + expansive means.
The modvd equipment produced by the led chip, and the voc equipment used to display the tablet cleanliness, is expected to continue to extend the product range after the firm has sculpted the feet of the device. High-valued products have grown 19 inversely, and the company’s size will catch up with the same technology in 2019.
When the semiconductor cycle went down, MSMEs achieved a reverse growth of $1.95 billion in operating income, compared to +18.8 per cent, a net profit of $190 million for the mother, compared to +107.5 per cent, reflecting the high value of the company's products, which enabled the company to move through the cycle. By comparing financial data with the three international taps of corrosion equipment to the company, we found that the company, as an emerging equipment company, was an international giant.
The difference is mainly in size. Corporate R & D costs are 21.8%, higher than competitors, and although there are some differences in size, firms are backstaged with support from large funds and social finance. Given that the company's mocvd equipment has a 47.5% annual rate of corrosion equipment, it is a leader in competition.
Technology is at an international advanced level, and companies are expected to catch up with targets for future sizes in the larger context of national production substitution and growing corporate ownership of innovation.
4.1 The semiconductor chain has shifted to China, and the equipment replacement has accelerated, and since the semiconductor industry was formed in the United States, the semiconductor industry has gone through three industrial shifts: the first from the 1980s, from the United States mainland to Japan, and has achieved such famous products as Toshiba, Matsumoto, Japan and Tokyo Electronics.
The second was in the 1990s and early 21st century, when the United States, Japan, and Taiwan moved to South Korea and China, creating large-scale manufacturers such as Samsung, Hercules, Power Stations, Sunshine Light: the first two processes also led to applications, pan forest semiconductors, and Tokyo Electronics to international markets. The world is currently undergoing the third transfer of the semiconductor industrial chain from Taiwan, China.
The policy front supports the development of the semiconductor industry. In 2006, the State Council will “core electronics, high-end generic chips, and foundations.”
In 2014, the State Council published the National Integrated Circuit Development Promotion Programme, which focuses on four main tasks: design, manufacture, advanced sealing and national production equipment.
By 2020, the gap between the integrated circuit industry and the international level of excellence has gradually narrowed, with the average annual increase in sales earnings of the entire industry exceeding 20%, and by 2030, the main links in the industrial chain have reached the international level of sophistication and have crossed development. Large funds are expected to bring together more than 1.5 trillion dollars in investment in phase two, and phase two has been launched.
Monthly registration, with a registered capital of $204.15 billion, the second phase of the Great Fund will fill a gap on the basis of a firm investment venture, accelerate the national production of semiconductor equipment and enhance investment in higher value-added sectors such as semiconductor materials and design of the ic. The first investment project of the Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund II (Big Fund II) was completed on 28 April.
Signed, with $4.5 billion in co-financing from the Great National Fund II and the Shanghai Group, the funds are now available. The Big Fund is expected to end up generating nearly a trillion dollars in investments, taking into account the scale of the Fund’s expansion of the Fund in the first phase.
In 2018, the domestic industry accounted for 23.7 per cent of the world ' s total, the equipment production rate was less than 12 per cent, and the national production replacement space was larger. According to the China Semiconductor Industry Association, the domestic integrated circuit industry sold 653.2 billion yuan in 2018, the global integrated circuit industry sold $393.3 billion in 2018, and China ' s integrated circuit industry accounted for a global share of the world ' s total.
This contrasts with the large semiconductor market in China, where the self-sufficiency rate of domestically produced semi-conductor equipment is less than 12%. According to data from the China Electronic Specialized Equipment Industry Association, Chinese semi-conductor equipment sales amounted to 91,77 billion yuan in 2018, while Chinese equipment sales amounted to only 109 billion yuan, with a national production rate of 11.9% and a large national production replacement space.
4.2 The acceleration of investment in crystal-crystal mills, where equipment manufacturers, such as China Micro Corporation, are preparing to develop good opportunities The peak of investment in domestic crystal-crylic plants, storage plants and advanced process projects, where unique processes refer to a reduction in the number of less-than-completely-required devices, but are produced differently according to different physical characteristics
Products, as things are networked, applications such as new energy cars are pulled, large-scale panels drive ic, power management chips, object network cores, power semiconductors, mcu, cis, etc. market surges, and Huayun, Yandong, Slanwa, Qatar, Middle-Chole International Shaping plants are all active in the expansion of the production of 8-inch-specific process lines.
Storage: Storage is an advanced integrated circuit industry that has developed faster in the country, and is also an area where the process of replacing semiconductor equipment is faster. The Yangjiang currently has 20,000 monthly productions at the end of 2019, and plans to expand its monthly production capacity to 50-7 thousand units by 2020.
The Fab6 and tin-free Fab7 plants are in the process of upgrading their capacity; however, China-King International plans to spend 22 billion yuan in capital for the whole year 2020, or +49.1 per cent in 2019, of which approximately 13.96 billion won will be invested in 300mm crystal mills in Shanghai and 3.49 billion won will be spent on 300mm crystal mills in Beijing.
Table 9: Accelerating investment in domestic crystallized mills (continuing updating)
The domestic market for corrosion equipment in 19 was 22.6 billion yuan. According to the latest data from Semi of 14 April 2020, global semiconductor manufacturing equipment sales reached $59.8 billion in 2019, and semiconductor manufacturing equipment sales in mainland China reached $13.45 billion, the second largest in the world.
The market share of corrosion equipment is $14.4 billion, and the market size of Chinese continental corrosion equipment is $3.2 billion. With the company’s share of revenue in the mainland region standing at 83.0 per cent, we are mainly counting the size of the market for corrosion equipment in the mainland region. In 2019, China’s continental corrosion market reached $3.2 billion, or about $22.6 billion.
Many of the company’s cutting equipment technologies are internationally advanced, following the times, and the next generation of the logical device Damascus etching machines and storages are developed with extremely wide depths compared to carving devices. The company’s cutting equipment covers the mainstream advanced technologies of mems, storage, logical chips, and back-tracking processes, including single- and dual-reaction stations, high-yielding technology, and single-reaction stations can be more precise and flexible.
Control of plasma so as to achieve high accuracy, high stability etching effects. The advantage of dual reaction stations is that they are more efficient in terms of unit size, while the cost of equipment is lower, many of the company's etching equipment is internationally advanced, and with respect to ccp etching equipment, the company has obtained duplicate orders for the logic device 5nm and storage device 64 floor 3dnand, ip-hence.
The corrosive nanova has been validated and produced in the country’s advanced crystal-crystal plant. In addition, the company has been closely following the evolution of the advanced semiconductor industries and has been actively developing the next generation of the logic device, the Damascus etching machine and the storage unit, to provide the basis for raising the market share of the corrosion equipment in the future and deepening the replacement of national production.
2020q1 has 22% storage of etching equipment in Yangtze, up from 19 years +9.7pp, and national production replacements fast. According to China’s international tender network, 3dnand storage of chip taps in Yangtze, the country’s 3dnand storage company, has been able to increase the overall national production of the supply chain, and from 2017 to the present, the company has stored a total of 38 fine etching devices in Yangtze, of which Sino-China company in 2019.
The winning bid was 13, representing 12.3 per cent of all carving equipment purchases in the same year; in 2020 q1, the company ' s winning mark in storage in the Yangtze River had reached nine, accounting for 22 per cent of all carving equipment purchases in the Yangtze quarter, and the company replaced the product speed of the foreign Dragonhead Company.
According to China’s international tender network, in addition to the Yangtze storage, the company’s equipment has been replaced by national production at the state-of-the-art crystal mills such as China’s Rainbow Tin, China’s Hua Li, Fu Jianhua, and China’s China-Chu. According to the logo network data, the five nano-ion carving machines developed autonomously by the Chinese semiconductor have been validated with high performance and will be used for the world’s first 5 nanometer-range production line.
Before that, the 7 nanochip production line had also been used with a moderate etching machine. 5mocvd: Mini/microled, uvled drives equipment demand, and companies are actively developing relevant products.
5.1 The size of the domestic led downstream market will exceed $750 billion by 2020, and new applications will drive the demand for mocvd equipment.
Using a variety of products, the current downstream applications are mainly led lighting, led backlight, and led displays three parts. Lighting accounts for 65.1% of led applications, backlights and displays for 7.5% and 19.4%, respectively, according to the China Industrial Information Network, the size of the country’s led downstream market will exceed 750 billion yuan by 2020.
The size of the domestic market for led chips was about $24.1 billion in 2019.Cr3 accounted for 71% of the market. With the increased convergence of industrial chains, the led dynasty chip is moving towards a more standardized and larger-scale trend, requiring a rapid low-cost response to the need to fill the gap, with the giants in the lead group competing for production.
The Court's data show that the market is more concentrated in the area of led chips, with three companies accounting for 71% of the market. Of these, the market share of AE3 is the highest, accounting for 31%, followed by HD and AO, accounting for 24% and 16%, respectively.
Fig. 66: The future trend in the city of led chip cr3 was 71% in 2019: new applications such as small spacing, micro-led, and uvled will drive a new wave of market demand. Micro-led and Mini-led become future display technologies.
In one chip, a high-density small-sized led array is integrated, making its size about 1% of the current mainstream led size, which can be considered a micro-red. In the microlled display, each pixel point is a led chip that multiplys the demand-side space, allowing many of the ld chip manufacturers to digest rapidly.
Almost all of the advantages of not burning screens, clarity and high-performance, colorful, fast response times, once the technology has matured, can be replaced by icd and oled technologies. The disadvantage is that the cost and time of manufacturing are long, all the lights on the screen need one of their own to grow, and they cannot be produced in large quantities at this time. Mini-led cuts a whole layer of lcd.
In the hundreds of backlight areas, the contrast has been raised over a certain range, and the lcd screen has been reduced. One of the shortcomings is that it's worth $5.69 billion for micro-led, and the domestic mini-led market size is $5.69 billion.
The manufacture of the uv band of light, a new kind of led technology for disinfection, medicine, testing, solidification, etc., has the advantage of high reliability, no heating, no toxic mercury, long life, and low energy conversion losses. According to ggii, the market size of the whole uvled is expected to be 3.55 billion yuan in 2020, and the size of the market for uvled is expected to be reached by 2020, according to the intellectual research consultancy.
2.5 billion yuan. But the current price of uvled is relatively high, mainly because of the exposure of various layers of material beyond the membrane layer during the sedimentation process, and the stress of the uvled to the traditional blue and green light, which increases the extenuation difficulty, which requires a much higher temperature mocvd system design.
5.2 The company is the global leader of potassium nitrideldocvd, and the new product of active layout is leading the company ' s mocvd technology, which has become the leader of the global potassium nitrified nitride. The company ' s mocvd is equipped with prismod-blue, prismoa7 which allows processing of 14 4 inches of single cavity and 34 inches of single cavity and 4 inches of single cavity.
Capabilities, which include a number of advanced international technologies, include Prismoa7 equipment leading the global market for nitrous nitrous radmocvd, with companies accounting for more than 60 per cent of the global market for nitrous potassium lydmocvd over 18 years and becoming the world ' s leader for nitrous potassium lydmocvd.
uvled, micro/miniled has been advanced in an orderly manner. According to the company ' s annual report 2019, the company has developed mocvd equipment for the manufacture of deep ultraviolet light and has been certified as successful on the industry ' s leading client: Mocvd equipment for the production of miniled is being developed in an orderly manner; there is also a need to manufacture microlled, power devices, etc.
The company's mocvd equipment market is expected to take over as the company's new product is being developed, and investment in the domestic downstream crystal circle is expected to increase as planned, and the company's new product is being developed and released inland over the next three years.
As the semiconductor industry moves to China, the replacement rate for domestic production of equipment gradually rises, with the domestic market for corrosion equipment rising to 22.6 billion yuan in 2019, with stable incremental space. The semiconductor industry process is changing rapidly, placing high demands on equipment technology changes, and we assume that investment in sub-urban crystal circle cutting equipment will increase as planned.
Assuming that 2:led new downstream applications continue to expand, the company mocvd continues to have a high market share in new applications. The company’s mocvd equipment downstream corresponds to the led chip plant, the company’s global market for nitrous nitrous silicone mocvd in the second half of 18 years.
The future market space for new applications, such as uvled, micro/miniled, will be expanded gradually, and the company's mocvd equipment for deep UV has been successful and industry leads in the development of mini-led and micro-led, and is ready to be validated on the customer's production line. We assume that the future ed will be matched by a market increase, a new company.
We have chosen the main business as a comparable company in the semiconductor equipment industry, as well as in the semiconductor equipment industry, and as a comparable company. [North China] equips domestic semiconductor high-end process leaders with a range of applications covering integrated circuits (ic), photovoltaics, and semiconductors.
The body lighting (led) and tablets show four broad semiconductor areas. The main camp in the integrated circuits is fully equipped, containing corrosion equipment, film deposition equipment, cleaning equipment, oxidation spreading equipment, where corrosion equipment and film deposition are prepared to be on the same track as the company.
As the domestic semiconductor equipment industry is at a critical stage in the transfer of industrial chains, local equipment manufacturers are expected to benefit from downstream expansion and accelerated replacement of national production, with wide scope for future performance growth. Corporate-owned products include corrosion equipment and mocvd.
Equipment, of which etching equipment is a key piece of equipment that breaks through advanced processes during semiconductor integrated circuit manufacturing, with an increasing share in the investment of transistor equipment. Company etching equipment is a rare standard of high end semiconductor equipment and enjoys a higher valuation than shoulder international tap.
Semiconductor industry cyclical fluctuations: The volatility of semiconductor industry cycles can lead to fluctuations in corporate revenue and performance. The semiconductor industry, influenced by downstream demand and product capacity mismatches, displays a certain cyclicality in the form of a three-to-four-year cycle.
Client certification of new products is less than expected: new products are not certified by customers than is expected to affect corporate revenue and performance. The semiconductor equipment industry is a technology-intensive industry with high product technological upgrading, high R & D inputs, long R & D cycles, high R & D risk, new products are validated by clients before delivery, while R & D inputs are a decision to authenticate new products.
One of the key factors in this effort is that the company invested $425 million in R & D in 2019, accounting for approximately 21.81% of its operating income. Although a relatively high share, the total still falls far short of the world’s leading semiconductor companies.
Intellectual property risks: Intellectual property disputes will have an impact on the normal operations of companies. The semiconductor equipment industry is a classic technology-intensive industry. In order to maintain technological advantages and competitiveness and to prevent risks of technology leakage, semiconductor equipment enterprises with advanced technology typically set up higher entry barriers, for example, by patenting.
R & D, scientific R & D systems and IPR protection systems are in place, but there may still be intellectual property disputes with competitors, and the risk of infringement of the company’s intellectual property rights cannot be ruled out. No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.