The new star of corrosion equipment, the new platform pattern, the company's domestic production line, the competitive power of the ccp medium etching, the future growth of the company, is not merely due to the fact that the ccp corrosion device is doing well along with the home-grown crystal mill investment, and the icp carving.
Industrialization of corrosion equipment, and expansion from corrosion equipment to thin membrane sedimentation equipment, measuring equipment, etc. Erosion equipment market: global large, but oligopolistic, micro-directional media etching national production. Media etching, ccp etching, icp etching, measuring.
(a) Global etching equipment accounts for around 20 per cent of the equipment of the crystal round manufacturing process, equivalent to $12 billion market size, but is largely monopolized by three major international giants: lamresearch, application materials, tel;
It's still based on lamresearch, application materials, tel, and native brands are dominated by medium- and semi-conductors, northern Chinese, and Qing Tang semiconductors. The prospect of corrosion equipment: advanced domestic and foreign production, increased demand for 3dnand, moderate exposure.
Beneficiary. Line width has continued to increase demand for corrosion equipment, although the trend has been to replace multiple exposure reduction steps in the process below 7 nm, but the demand for equipment has increased as a result of the increased technical difficulty of corrosion. The increase in the 3dnand layer has also reduced reliance on light etching processes.
But there is a significant increase in demand for etching and sedimentation equipment. The medium-engine etching equipment can be used for the 7nm/5nm process and the 3dnand production line in the country and will benefit from the production of domestic and international crystal mills such as the tsmc, the Yangtze storage.
Media etching, for example, on 3dnand consists mainly of top punctures, ravine vents, contact holes, membrane/mortex etching, onono fences etching, step etching, etc., which can cover 2/3 of the 3d nad medium etching process and have become the second largest corrosion equipment supplier for tmtc.
The etching equipment is currently mainly used for silicon base etching, which is about one-two percent of the overall etching market, and as advanced production and 3dnand develop, the icp etching will also be used for media etching, and there are good industrial developments and technology depositions in icp.
Platform layout: thin film sedimentation equipment + measuring equipment. Nakaru now holds an equity interest of more than 10% in Shen Yangtze, indirectly involved in the nationalization of pecvd, and in 2019 expressed the intention to enter into stock measurement facilities.
Potential and attempts of physical equipment platform companies, specific international application materials/lamresearch, using the market price as of 30 April 2020 New technology R & D is slower than competitors; industry cyclical volatility risks; downstream clients are not expanding production
and expected risks; international trade risk; Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment advisory business
Yang Shao Fai Tombo is an important contributor to this report, based on corrosion equipment, in the country's first echelons.
The company's main business in the manufacture of high end semiconductor equipment is the development of large vacuum process equipment for processing micro-equipment, including plasma etching equipment and thin film deposition equipment: Since its inception in 2004, China Insignia has been the first to develop a very high frequency (VHF)-coupled plasma etching equipment, prmod-rie, to-see
The two-reaction counter Primod-rie. The two-reaction counter Primoad-rie and the single-reaction counter Primoscad-rie have been successfully developed three generations of corrosion equipment covering a wide range of etching applications of 65 nanom, 45 nanom, 32 nanom, 28 nanom, 22 nanom, 14 nanom, 7 nanom and 5 nanom micro-sets.
The development of electrosensive plasma etching equipment by Mid-2012 has so far been successful in the development of single-reaction platform primonova etching equipment, along with dual-reaction station electrosensive plasma etching equipment, covering mainly micromechanical applications below 14 nanometers.
In response to the market demand for advanced encapsulation of integrated circuits and the development of the mems sensor industry, SME has also developed equipment for deep silicon etching of electrosensive plasma in these areas that are widely applied. With continuous technological innovation and market openings, the company’s core competitiveness continues to improve and achieve good business outcomes.
The product lines of semiconductor equipment have been gradually expanded and scaled up, resulting in a parallel income structure for corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment. In 2019, revenue from sales of corrosion equipment was estimated at $760 million, an increase of 34 per cent over the same period, while sales of mocvd equipment received $827 million, which is essentially the same as in 2019.
The Chinese emblem is at the forefront of the national production semiconductor equipment, based mainly on corrosion equipment, and we estimate that in 2019 the company earned $100 million in corrosion equipment, leading to the nationalization of semiconductor equipment along with the northern Chinese, Chinese semiconductor, and Qing Tang semiconductor. Moreover, it has been one of the suppliers of electrical corrosion equipment on the table, and a small number of companies with international first-time customers in the national production equipment.
In conjunction with company announcements, the central half-conductor integrated circuit equipment in 2018 received the top four of the country’s semi-conductor equipment companies, and was on the country’s first echelons, along with Jing Tang, Semmi, and North China.
The global market for corrosion equipment averaged approximately $4 billion in 2010-2013, but with the development of integrated circuit technology, the average market size of corrosion equipment jumped to $6.3 billion annually in 2014-2016, driven by increased capital spending by storage providers in 2017-2018, with the average market size of corrosion equipment exceeding $10 billion annually, peaking at $12.1 billion in 2018.
The size of the market for corrosion equipment is expected to remain at over $10 billion. Crystal manufacturing equipment can be classified into more than 10 categories of corrosion, light etching, film deposition, detection, and coating, with total investment usually accounting for about 70-80% of the total investment in the entire crystallization plant, of which etching equipment, light equipment, film deposition equipment are integrated.
In 2018, corrosion equipment accounted for 20 per cent of the market size of crystallized manufacturing equipment, compared with 18 per cent of light engraved equipment and 19 per cent of film sedimentation equipment.
The reserve was 11.2 per cent, which continued to rise to 21 per cent in 2017, with an average annual increase of 1.7 percentage points, mainly due to: (1) advanced process multiple exposures: finfet3d structures below 20 nm, with multiple exposure processes, increasing the number of etchings; and (2) 3 dnand: the demand for step etchings, deep ditch etchings, deep puncture etchings has increased significantly.
We have grown at an average annual compound rate from the market size of each type of etching equipment in 2011-2017, compared with an average annual rate of 19% for etching equipment, which is the fastest growing category of process equipment. The etching equipment consists of conductor etching (silicon-based etching, metal etching) and medium etching, in which conductor etchings and medium etchings are one in two.
Body etching is dominated by silicon-based etchings, and metal etchings continue to decline, mainly because of the substitution of the ai-line interconnection by copper in the process below 90 nm, which has led to the replacement of metal etching in Damascus, which dominates the metal layer interconnection process. Market competition patterns: etching equipment is also oligopolistic.
Global etching equipment is largely monopolized by applied materials, Lam, Tel, its intermediary etchings are monopolized by Tel and Lam, and silicon etchings are monopolized by Lam and amat. Seen tel etch focuses on media etching, amat etch concentrates on silicon etching, while lam silicon etchings and media etchings are all in a leading position in the industry.
The rate of national production of corrosion equipment is about 20-25 per cent higher than that of many other processes, and according to our statistics, the rate of national production of corrosion equipment is 23 per cent, corresponding to the level of national production of pvd, cmp, cleaning equipment, thermal treatment equipment (higher national production of deglution equipment) and higher than ald, cvd, photo-engineer, coating cameras, measuring equipment, copper plating equipment.
The domestic market for corrosion equipment in crystal-crystal mills, where 77% of the market share is monopolized by three international taps of corrosion equipment, of which lamresearch accounts for 58%, Tel accounts for 11%, appliance materials 6%, and others 2%. National etching brands consist mainly of China, China in the North, and Qing Tang semiconductor, with 17%, China in the North 4%, and Qing Tang in the North 2%.
Media etching: The national production rate is 29 per cent in the market for media etching in our indigenous crystal mills, of which 26 per cent are microconductors, 3 per cent are semiconductors, 61 per cent are import brands, 46 per cent are lam, 16 per cent are tel, and 7 per cent are applied materials. Silicon base etching: 21 per cent in the market for silicon etchings in our indigenous crystal mills, of which 1 per cent are domestic, and 1 per cent are lynchon.
Semiconductors account for 2 per cent, northern Chinese 17 per cent, import brands for 79 per cent, lam 69 per cent, Tel 3 per cent, applied materials Metal etching: 100 per cent of the metal etching market in our indigenous crystallized mill comes from lamresearch.
One of the drivers: the three main drivers of growth in the semiconductor equipment industry were more sustainable, with the semiconductor equipment industry rising from $30 billion to $60 billion. According to Semi, the global semiconductor equipment market was $60.5 billion in 2018, an increase of 9.6 per cent compared to $55.2 billion in 2017.
In the global pc Internet age, 2000-2010, the market size of the semiconductor equipment industry was at an average of $25 billion (the process).
Equipment accounts for 70-80% of the entire industry of semiconductor equipment. By 2010-2017, humans entered the age of smartphone social media, and the market for semiconductor equipment rose to an average of $32 billion. From 2017 to 2020, humans entered the age of artificial intelligence and object networking, and the market for semiconductor equipment increased to $45 billion in volume.
Dynamite 2: New process nodes for semiconductors, additional and more complex etchings, thin film processes, cleaning processes, detection processes, etc., will also lead to a significant increase in investment per 10,000 crystal-crystal capacity. Logic chips are developed from 65nm to 28nm, plasma etching processes are increased from 20 to 40 steps, while plasma etching steps are increased from 40 steps from 20nm to 7nm.
140 steps, with an increase in all process steps from less than 1,000 to 1,500 steps, the investment in the same crystal-crystal capacity will increase by about one-fold, while the investment in memory will increase even more. Driver 3: New graphic technology for integrated circuits will result in a significant increase in investment per 10,000 crystal-crystal capacity.
The 2dnand process will increase investment by 60 per cent per 10,000 crystal-crystal capacity; the tablet shows that investment in technology is more than 400 per cent higher than investment in the tft-lcd production line of the same generation.
China’s chip consumption is high, but the overall rate of domestic production is low, with high-end chip imports dominated. According to icinsights, the market size of China’s semiconductor integrated circuits alone increased from $82 billion to $155 billion between 2013 and 2018, accounting for about 40% of the global integrated circuit market.
The continental crystal circle manufacturing technologies are also significantly behind Korea, Taiwan, China, and the United States. Despite Smic’s 20 years of existence, the crystal circle manufacturing process is still behind the stage, the Samsung 2-3 generation technology, and Smic has now broken through the 14nmfinfet process, but the station’s 5nm is already in production, the three stars are in a 5nm catch-up position, and, on a revenue scale, collected $3.1 billion from Camp Smic in 2019.
China, as a large consumer of chip storage, has only recently stored the Yangtze River, which has grown to produce 3dnd and dram. Nevertheless, the Yangtze storage of 3dnand currently has a capacity of about 30,000 units per month, about 3ndand worldwide.
For 2% of the capacity, the composted long dram currently produces about 20,000 pieces per month, or less than 2% of the world’s dram production capacity. Imports of stored chips depend mainly on Samsung, Hercules, Intel, Light, etc. The National Integrated Circuit Fund was created: to foster semiconductor industry ecology on the mainland of China.
A total of 13.8 billion yuan was invested in a major fund, mainly in crystal round manufacturing, design, sealing, and a few items of equipment and materials: equipment and materials: China, China, North, Anthropology, Manchuria, Hasegawa, Shanghai Precision Semiconductor, Shen Yangtze, Shen Mae, Jacques Science and Technology;
(b) Design: National Science Emblem, Nastya, Top of the Concourse Technology, Gaewa;
On 22 October 2019, the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, Phase II, Inc., was registered with a capital of 2041.5, and last year ' s semiconductor integrated circuit component summit indicated that the Great Fund would focus its second phase on supporting the development of domestically produced equipment and materials in three areas: (1) The Second Fund will maintain a strong presence in the organized enterprises in the areas of corrosion, film equipment, testing and cleaning equipment.
Continued support for the development of business seedlings in China's mainland, “Applied Materials” or “East Electronics”; (2) acceleration of the development of investment packages for core equipment such as optical carpentry, chemical machinery grinding equipment and key components to fill the national production process (3) urges manufacturing enterprises to increase the rate of certification and procurement of national production equipment and to provide process certification conditions for more domestically produced equipment materials.
Catalyst three: Nationalization of semiconductor equipment and materials is the foundation of the semiconductor industry. The semiconductor equipment industry is one of the upstream cores of the semiconductor industrial chain. Based on the experience of the semiconductor industry with “a generation of equipment, a generation of processes, a generation of products”, semiconductor products are manufactured to develop a new I superprecursor electronic system.
Substitute processes, while semiconductor equipment is required to produce a new generation of products. So the semiconductor equipment industry in which the company operates is the cornerstone of semiconductor chip manufacturing, the foundation and core of the modern electronic information industry, and the semiconductor industry. Figure 27. Semiconductor equipment is the foundation of the chip industry.
Semiconductor process equipment is controlled by the United States and Japan. Global process equipment is monopolized by the United States, Japan, and the Netherlands: pvd: monopolized by the United States of America, amat; Painting: monopolized by Japan, Tel;
(b) corrosion equipment: monopolized by amat in the United States, lamresearch in the United States, tel in Japan; cvd: monopolized by amat in the United States, lamresearch in the United States and tel in Japan;
Measurement equipment: Monopolized by amat, kla, Netherlands asml; cmp: Monopolized by amat, United States; ion injection: Monopolized by amat, United States;
Purge equipment: Monopolized by Diens, USA, lamresearch, Japanese tel; Thermal treatment: Monopolized by America, America, lamresearch, Japan, tel, Japan, Hitachihigh-tech. Wassenaar Agreement: Upgraded technical controls on high-end optical carvings, computing lightworks, large silicon processing technologies, etc.
Euv, leaching, and euv computing light engraved software, large silicon processing techniques within the 14nm process. Nationalization of corrosion equipment is also essential. Erosion equipment as a large class of process equipment for c involves most of the process components of crystal circle manufacturing. For example, the Feol part of the logical circuit, which involves sti etching, side wall etching, multicrystal silicon fences, etc., in beol.
The corrosion process is closely related to light etching or thin film deposition processes, cleaning, measuring, etc. The miniature bears the heavy burden of national production of corrosion equipment, and the city’s share rises from year to year.
In the semiconductor chip and equipment industry, the company has 35 years of industry experience, which is an important driving force in the development and industrialization of international plasma etching technology.
Dr. Yoon worked in Intel from 1984 to 1986 on core technology development; led the development of etching technology for a number of priority products in Panforest Semiconductor from 1986 to 1991; and held senior management positions in applications from 1991 to 2004, including the Vice-President of the Enterprise, the General Manager of the Department of Creativity Industries, and the Chief Technical Officer of the Asian Headquarters;
Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, Chairman of China Micro Corporation, along with Intel Chairman, Grovene Deceo and others, was selected as the top ten champions of the international semiconductor industry (allstars) in 2018.
The company’s other co-founders, core technicians and important technical and engineering personnel, including Dr. Do Chi-ho, Dr. Nitukang, Dr. Maxie, Mr. Yang Wei, Mr. Tian Xiao Li, and more than 160 experts in various fields of specialization, many of them senior technical and managerial experts who have made outstanding contributions to industry development for decades in the form of international semiconductor equipment.
After Microcorps, new technologies, processes and designs have been created and made an irreplaceable contribution. Chart 32. Members of the company’s core technical team.
The share of medium corrosion stored in the Yangtze River continued to rise. According to the Chinese International Tender Network, the share of medium corrosion equipment stored in the Yangtze River continued to rise from October 2019 to the present date.
The central semiconductor accumulated the top 12 storage etching devices in the Yangtze River, accounting for 31 per cent of the acquisition of storage medium equipment in the Yangtze River, after the top supplier, which accounted for 54 per cent of the equipment, while the middle semiconductor won the mark 5 and 21 etching devices, respectively, for 10 per cent and 30 per cent respectively, for the two time periods of August 2018, June 2018 and July 2019.
Thirty-eight of them, or 24% of all purchases of storage medium etching equipment in the Yangtze River. For natural years, the winning share of medium semiconductor media etching between 2017 and 2020 was 12%, 34%, 19%, and 50%. The medium emblem is estimated to cover two thirds of the medium etching process in 3dnand.
The process of puncture, contact holes, membrane/mask etching, which has not yet covered the noo fence medium etching, side wall etching, step etching, etc. In the procurement of declared medium etching equipment in the Yangtze storage, 28 per cent of the ravine puncture punctures, 21 per cent of the mask/sculpture etching, 16 per cent of the permeability, 13 per cent of the permeability, 8 per cent of the edge etching, 5 per cent of the side wall etching, 4 per cent of the control pole medium etching, incision, echo etching, top
According to China's International Tender Network, the process currently achieved by the mid-to-medium mark etching equipment orders accounts for about two thirds of the 3dnand medium-to-mass etching process, while the medium etching process of the medium-to-medium semiconductor has yet to achieve the equipment orders, which accounts for the total purchase volume of the Yangtze storage.
A small number of national-made equipment enterprises entering the international first-class crystal-crystal generation plant. Medium- and Medium-Risk Growth Space: commercialization of icp etching technology + platform-based enterprise company icp etching equipment technology.
Plasma etching equipment includes capacitation plasma etching equipment (ccp, capacitively coupledplatma) and electrosensive plasma etching equipment (icp, incactively coupledplasma).
Electrosensive plasma etching reaction cavity, radio frequency exchange, power generator
Decrodes Plasma electrical current in plasma
Plasm Low Frequency Exchange tovacuumpum
Plasma current, power generator, radio frequency exchange.
Tovacuumpum: Power generator HF communication
Power generator (1) ccp capacitation plasma etching equipment: mainly medium materials requiring high energy ion response in hard medium material, etching deep holes, deep ravines, etc., for example, high hardness for etching oxides, nitrogenifications, etc.;
(2)icp electro-sensive plasma etching equipment: by adding radio frequency voltage to the electromagnetic coil outside the reaction chamber, in the reaction chamber, a rapidly changing sensor magnetic field will generate a sensor field in the cavity chamber, allowing the initial electron to acquire energy and then produce a low temperature plasma. icp etching is mainly a softer and thinner material with lower ion energy and very homogeneous ion concentrations, for example, for etching.
Single-crystal silicon, multi-crystal silicon, and so on. The icp etching technology that started in the 1980s is now more than the ccp market, which is equivalent to more than 50% of the etching market, and the two dominant semiconductor equipment companies in the United States.
ccp: Since its establishment in 2004, China Insignia has started the development of a very high frequency (VHF)-coupled ccp etching device, Primod-rie, a dual reaction station, Primoad-rie and a single response station, three-generation prmoad-rie etching machine products, covering 65 nm, 45 nm, 32 nm, 28 nm, 22 nm, 14 nm, 7 nm to 5 nm key dimensions.
Multiple etching applications, ccp etching machines starting to focus on the back end, metal puncture, passivation layer etching, have done 10 nm at the front end in recent years, such as the membrane plate corrosion. The company currently earns most of its etching equipment from ccp etching equipment.
Nano's critical size etching applications. The most recently developed icp etching machine, more applied to the feol membrane board etching and other applications. (1) Single machine: pumped out with a large vacuum pump, which allows for better etching effects, a machine can have six stations, a considerable number of which are high; the public sector's single machine has been on the market for more than a year, is used in advanced domestic logic and storage of customer multiple processes, more customers.
(2) Two sets of machines, two in a reaction cavity, shared vacuum pumps and shared air flow structures, save a lot of material, small land area, high output, but not used in the most critical etching process. Currently, two sets of machines are validated by clients, and the initial results are very smooth, and future irp will be supplied to more customers and more city occupancy as ccp does.
As the company develops, both ccp and icp etching will cover the vast majority of etching applications.
The value of the corrosion, film deposition, measuring equipment combined covers 50% of the global market for semiconductor equipment, equivalent to five times the current market space for ccp corrosion equipment. With respect to corrosion equipment, the company already has mature ccp etching equipment and 20-40% of the market for indigenous surrogate plants and storage plants.
The ccp+icp etching will cover most of the etching processes, covering about 20% of the value of the crystalline in the market space. In the case of the membrane sedimentation equipment, the company’s share share in Shen Yangtze, despite the loss of more than $10 million in 2019, will also be stored in the Yangtze.
The mainstream 12-inch line, such as the China Rainbow Tinless Project, received duplicate pecvd orders; at the same time, the company ' s share began in 2019 with German solayer, whose main product was plating and membrane modification equipment, Shen Yangtze: a national product pecvd supplier.
Shen Yangtze was founded in April 2010 and is a national high-technology company co-sponsored by a team of experts from overseas and a company belonging to the Chinese Academy. The company owns three complete series of products: 12 inches pecvd (separation of plasma chemical gas), ald (deposition of the Atomic Layer membrane), 3dnand pecvd (a special pecvd device for 3D structure flashing) and is widely used in the integrated circuit front and back lanes, tsvv
High-end technology areas such as encapsulation, light wave guidance, led, 3d-nand flash memory, and display of oled. Shen Yangtze stock structure Shen Yangtze store 3 cvd equipments, 1% city, 2 cvd equipments, cumulatively in the China Rainbow Tinless Project.
The market accounted for 6 per cent of the total, with the cumulative winning rate of 3 cvd equipment in Shanghai Volley II, or 4 per cent of the total. The participating company, Solayer, German supplier of plating and membrane-modification equipment, would contribute 6 million euros to the company and would own 15.38 per cent of the company’s shareholdings under the company’s investment agreement with Solayer.
As of 31 December 2019, the company had contributed 2.5 million euros, and in April 2020, the company was fully funded. Solayer is a German surface technology company specializing in plating and membrane modifications. Plasma pre-treatment, magnetic control splashing, pecvd, ald, and rtp based on flashlights are solayer’s core technological competitiveness. Solayer’s product range includes laboratory research.
Pilot production and bulk production components and whole machines provide clients with a full range of support from preparation development to industrial production, downstream industries including precision optical, panel displays, solar energy, glass, semiconductors, emerging technologies, etc. With regard to measuring equipment, in August 2019 MSMEs planned to invest in the Wise Science Instrument (Shanghai).
The production of semiconductors is divided into front and backtrack processes, which include light etching, etching, plating, etc., while the backtrack trades are dominated by semiconductor encapsulation tests.The forward process testing (also known as process control tests) consists mainly of:
(1) ocd structural tests, e.g. shape, linear width, membrane thickness, etc.; (2) crystal circle defects tests, e.g. smoothness, curvature, etc.; (3) small types of tests, e.g. electrical resistance tests, etc.
Currently, the main suppliers of process control detection equipment are kla in the United States, appliance material (amat) and Hitachi high-technologies in Japan.The domestic market for measuring equipment is also dominated by kla, amat, asml, Hitachihigh-tech, nanometrics, etc.
In June 2005, Hokkai was established to focus on integrated circuit detection equipment for more than 14 years. The main products currently in Shanghai include optical detection equipment, silicon thickness and torimetry equipment, and sub-sub-sub-sub-unit macro-defect detection equipment.
The 12-inch optical measurement device tfx 3000 series has been applied to the 28 nanochip production line and has been tested for 14 nanometers, reaching 64 layers of detection capability on the 3d storage chip. The product has now successfully entered the world’s leading chip client 3d flash chip production line and seven duplicate orders.
The mid-middle half-conductor's presence in Shanghai is expected to improve its internal governance structure and management, and accelerate the nationalization of technology detection equipment. 27.33 million yuan was earned in Shanghai in 2018, with a loss of $40.37 million and only 800,000 yuan in Shanghai in the first half of 2019, resulting in a significant loss of $18.9 million. Shanghai's current problem is that mature products are ordered without sustainable orders.
This has made it difficult for shareholders and management’s core technical team to achieve common development objectives under 15 years of hard entrepreneurship and financial constraints. With a modest investment in Shanghai, it is hoped that both the industrial-testing equipment in Shanghai will be supported in accelerating national production, and the development and sale of corrosion equipment and film equipment will be facilitated using already developed products and technologies in Shanghai.
The participating company Hung Park Science: Focused on Big Data Analysis and Application of the Huang Park Information, which was established in mid-2016, based on technology such as ai, big data, integrated modelling, enabling semiconductor manufacturing, offering product defect detection, fault traceability solutions. The products that have been introduced are the photovoltile battery defect detection system, the optical crystal round slice process optimization system, and the photovolt solar power station battery cell heat spot recognition.
Senior analytical consultant for credit card companies, major data analysis scientist at the Anderson Cancer Center in the United States, Ph.D. in Statistics at the University of Illinois, University of Illinois, and Master ' s degree in Computers at the University of Shanghai, co-founder and coo Taoqing, who was the head of global and intel project operations in China, led the development of Intel ' s first generation of intelligent production.
The co-founder and co-founder of the Cto River Gwang-xiang, who was the chief engineer in the United States of America at autodesk, and a master's degree in computer science at the Shanghai University of Transport. The co-founder and co-founder of Vp Yuan Guian was the developer's community marketing director.
HUNP information already has a number of industry head clients, including intel, Kimsan Solar, Medium and Medium Semiconductor, Vision Energy, Peeta Photovoltaics, etc. Cooperation channels include Microsoft, Huam, ibm, rockwell, Ali Cloud, etc.
In comparison with profit projections, valuations and ratings, valuations of companies listed in the domestic semiconductor equipment are generally higher, and we believe that the value premium is mainly for companies listed in the semiconductor industry chain and that at this stage it is still semiconductor equipment, materials, high input and commercialization of design leading firms, and secondary market estimates.
Value pricing takes into account, inter alia, management teams, strategic positioning, business paths, and potential for future growth. Together with a small and medium-quality technical team, as well as the market position and development potential of medium-sized etching equipment in the global semiconductor industry chain, adding the company’s 5-10-year plan to include film deposition equipment, measuring equipment, and medium- and long-term companies are expected to become China’s “applicable materials.”
The company's corrosion equipment is expected to grow significantly over the next three years, and the average annual purchase value of the local crystal mill will reach 100 billion yuan, with an average annual increase of 50-70%. At the same time, the company's ccp corrosion equipment has further expanded its application, including the Damascus process etching technology and the extremely deep width of storage devices.
The commercialization of corrosion technology, as well as the use of icp corrosion equipment, will accelerate the increase in the market share of medium- and medium-sized corrosion equipment in indigenous crystal-crystal plants. With multi-billion revenues, and in the market environment where the capital expenditure of the company’s led client fell sharply in 2019, we expect the mocvd equipment to have been substantially reduced in hand orders by the end of 2019, assuming that the future purchase of equipment by the led client will be smooth, thus predicting that the company will
Income from spare parts: out of $227 million for spare parts in 2018, $171 million or 75 per cent of spare parts for corrosion equipment. With the optimization of the operational structure of the Department, the share of revenue from the full set of corrosion equipment has increased and the mocvd equipment has stabilized and the equipment for corrosion has been prepared.
At the international level, and taking into account the long-term support for home-grown equipment from indigenous crystal-crystal mills, we expect a stable rate of 40-45 per cent for corporate corrosion equipment.
International semiconductor equipment flagship valuation: ps valuation averaged 5 times and pe ranged 15-40 times; domestic semiconductor equipment plate valuation: ps valuation averaged 10-15 times and the maximum ps valuation peak was 40-50 times; pe valuation of domestic semiconductor material plate valuation: ps valuation averaged 10-15 times and the highest pps valuation acrete 30-40 times;
The valuation averaged more than 100 times; the valuation of the domestic semiconductor design and encapsulation enterprise: the valuation of the ps averaged 4 times and the valuation of the São Paulo stock was approximately 30 times; and the valuation of the pe averaged 50 times and the value of the São Paulo share was more than 100 times.
Valuation at time of acquisition of semiconductor equipment: ps can be 16 times higher than pe. Of this, kla continues to invest, but new technology development lags behind competitors, resulting in uncertainty about profitability. Semiconductor equipment and materials are capital-intensive, talent-intensive and technology-intensive industries with long pre-research cycles, large inputs in companies.
But the company’s revenues from integrated circuit engineering equipment and spare parts have crossed the multi-billion dollar threshold, and the pressure on profit release from R & D inputs will gradually decrease. The risks associated with the volatility of capital spending by downstream customers and the cyclical nature of the industry will be reduced.
In recent years, the global market for semiconductor equipment has been characterized by continuous cyclical fluctuations that pose corresponding business risks for companies. In the process of upgrading industry landscapes, industries tend to increase capital spending and rapidly increase demand for related equipment; and, in the process of declining industry climates, semiconductor industries may reduce capital spending and thus adversely affect the demand for semiconductor equipment.
The sales and profits of the company will be subject to the same fluctuations and associated business risks. Downstream customers are at less risk than expected, and in recent years the mill and led chip manufacturers have carefully expanded their production.
Follow-up investment has fallen short of expectations and demand for related equipment has weakened, which will affect the volume of firm orders and, consequently, the performance of firms. International trade frictions in Central America and the United States have been a source of concern in many international trade frictions.
Companies always strictly observe the laws of China and other countries, and maintain timely communication with the relevant government departments.