Trina Power (688599.sh) 23 year module delivery over 65gw, the whole solution of the light storage system leading the world.
Events: The annual report 2023 and the quarterly report 2024 were published by Trina. The company's sales in 2023 were recorded in 2023: in 2023, the total output of the company's components was 65.21gw. The sale of the 210 series of components was steadily increasing and was recognized by the market, with 210 components accumulated by the end of December 2023.
Over 105gw. At the downstream solution end, benefiting from the lower price of the component, the high cost of photovoltaic power generation, further driving global demand release, and the higher than expected growth in the development and marketing of the company power station project, with wind storage project indicators exceeding 6.2gw; stable high-speed expansion of distributed operations, with market occupancy rankings throughout the industry
The first two: accelerated global market expansion with more than 9.6gw output; smart energy end, energy chamber and system sales across the six major regional markets of China, Europe, Asia and the Pacific, North America, East and Central Africa, and Latin America, with a cumulative near-export; sustained lead in the manufacture and sale of photovoltaic component products: companies have been working deep on the industrialization of n-type technologies for many years, as quoted by the company.
Leading a new generation of 700w+ high-power n component products, creating a scalable advantage, with a continuous increase in city occupancy, is the first business to achieve a topcon component production capability of over 700w+. Companies based on an open 210-product technology platform, folding i-topcon battery technology, and launching an N-type product group for more global scenarios.
Together, Zhang Wenchen, based on the reliability of products, the advantage of edible power costs, and a high standard quality management system, has been assessed for their financingability through the ulsolizations (United States Safety Testing Laboratory) and their ability to innovate has been recognized.
Product reliability has again been evaluated by the United States of America's Retc Global Best Performance Award and by the global TopPerformer group manufacturer (topperformer).
Over the reporting period, corporate support operations achieved 9.6gw (which tracked 4.6gw) and doubled their growth from the previous year, covering more than a dozen countries and territories, including China, Asia, the Middle East, Europe, and Latin America. To further strengthen the global landscape, companies continued to do so.
Trina energy: components, storage can help improve profitability, deepen investment in overseas manufacturing, create smart tracking manufacturing plants in Brazil, improve global delivery and service efficiency, and highlight the advantages of integrated layout.
A larger share of the global market is guaranteed. As a result of the further reduction in electricity consumption costs, the excess installed capacity of the power station in 2023 is expected to increase, and the company’s centralized light storage system has made a major breakthrough in its operations, with domestic wind storage project targets of up to 6.2gw and reserve 8.5gw, which are well advanced by the private sector.
Investment proposals: We have reduced the profitability of low prices in the industrial chain as a result of increased competition in the industry, and we have reduced the risk of excess production over the period due to the volatility of the volatility and expansion of the industry.