Performance meets expectations, multi-operational synergies consolidate competitiveness, and in the context of lower component prices and industry earnings, the company has shown a strong resilience, looking at the company as a whole at Deng Young-kang.
As of the date of the arrival of the 20024q1 component, the cumulative delivery of the 210 component has passed 205gw.
By the end of 2023, the company's crystals, slices, batteries, and components were produced with a robust distribution system, racks, storage systems, and continued to promote the "light storage integration" business layout.
Li Xiaojun, 2024, company distribution system, 9.6gw, +54.8 per cent; photovoltaic racks, 9.6gw, and 1p tracking rack product, which is perfect for the 700w+ component, 630w component, two flat terrains.
(b) Research assistant Lin Fukuda, with significant breakthroughs in centralized light storage system operations, with high domestic wind storage project targets being captured
6.2gw, reserve 8.5gw, securely developed by the private sector; with regard to storage energy, the company achieves vertical upstream/downstream integration layouts with a combined capacity of 12 gwh for storage batteries, straight-flow batteries and direct-flow products. \triangleright
Companies are expected to increase their output of components as a result of their continued global branding and channel advantages. At the same time, the company's three-quarters reporting point in 2023 (688599.sh) accelerates the layout distribution, staircases, storage, etc., and is expected to provide strong support for the company's performance.
2. Trina Trina (688599.sh) semi-annual report 2023.
Quarterly reviews: Deepening the integrated layout to increase profitability, storage capacity, risk of price volatility of raw materials, risk of climate fluctuations in downstream industries, etc. 4. Tri-quarter reporting points for Tri-quarter 2022 for Tri-quarters Acidine (688599.sh)
The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.