The company published its annual report 2023 and its quarterly report for the first quarter of 2024, and in 2023 it achieved a 50.26 per cent increase in the same year; the net profit on the realization of deductions was $5,755 million, an increase in the same year
In 2023, the company combined \triangleright
By the end of December 2023, 210 components had accumulated more than 105gw. The Department was the first enterprise in the industry to achieve a topcon output capability of 700w+.
The industry has entered the pv7.0 era. The photovoltaic system and the smart energy business have gone hand in hand, and the diversified business has expanded rapidly.
Division-wide operations have been growing at a steady pace, with market access rankings at the second highest level in the entire industry; branch operations have accelerated the expansion of global markets, with output exceeding 9.6gw; smart energy ends, storage tanks and systems sales have broken through the six major regional markets in China, Europe, Asia and the Pacific, North America, Central and East Africa, and Latin America, with cumulative sales.
\triangleright drops, and photovoltaic components are less profitable. In the short term, the industry is currently running in a cycle of oversupply, with competition between firms, industry, industry.
Chain prices are falling rapidly. Companies, as a leader in integration, are expected to rely on the ability of components to sell, guarantee upstream start-up rates, create a more visible cost advantage, and are expected to take stock of future industries Risk factors: less demand for light-voltage, risk of changes in technology routes, changes in the macro-environment, politics
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector, a former assistant for research in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and, in 2022, the Sindam voucher Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the electrical equipment and storage energy sector.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for the new energy automobiles, which have been partially unconnected, disentangled, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the CVC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.