Trina (688599.sh): The price of the industrial chain continues to fall, q1 carries the pressure of Trina.
Financial highlights: the company achieved business income of $113,392 million over 23 years, an increase of 33.32 per cent over the same year, and the realization of Trina Photoenergy Inc. was created in 1997 to cover research and development, production and marketing of photovoltaic components, power stations
Product output continued to increase and prices fell to q1. The company ' s performance increased in 23 years, mainly as a result of the development and marketing of grids and multi-energy systems and the energy boom. The output of products grew rapidly, with the output of its components growing by 65.2gw in 23 years, compared to the previous year.
Operation of the station, etc., committed to being the leader of the global photovoltaic smart energy solution. 51.3%. distributed system delivery volume of 9.6gw. increased by 54.8%.
Under the scenario, net profit falls both ways, mainly on the light-voltage supply end, with high price levels in the industrial chain, rapid downswings in industry chain prices, seasonal warming of demand in the industry, and corporate profitability is expected to hit the bottom of q2.
Looking forward to 2024, multi-business co-development, to measure the cost. Firm multi-business integration, and active development of a three-pronged solution with efficient components, smart tracking supports, and power station development capacity. Services to provide clients with a package of holistic solutions from project development, design, procurement to construction management services.
Programs. Over the year, multi-operational synergies are sought to measure the value of 80-90gw, technology-leading, and core competitiveness built around the global layout of the components over 24 years. Companies accelerate upstream eco-building and construct integration strategies globally, while continuously optimizing technological processes and enhancing product performance. 23 years of corporate ownership.
The 210+n i-topcon photovolt assembly, certified by tüvNand, with a maximum output power of 740.6w, created a new world record. At the end of the supply chain, the company base Qinghai, 210+n single crystalline silicon sticks, the Vietnamese base, 210 single crystalline silicon sticks, were successfully delineated, marking the company ' s completion of the n-type industrial chain.
In addition, the company is planning new production capacity projects in the United States, Indonesia, and the United Arab Emirates, which will continue to enhance its global capacity and competitiveness in overseas markets in the future.
Q1 performance pressure Schedule: Company profit forecast table
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Ho Ha Qing, the research assistant.
An analysis of your research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Trina (688599.sh): The price of the industrial chain continues to fall, and the q1 performance pressure does not guarantee any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.