On August 9, the company published its semi-annual report, which generated 14.4 billion yuan in operating income in the first half of the year.
37.5 per cent of the net return to the mother, RMB 4 billion, an increase of 7.5 per cent over the same period, and steady production in the second quarter, by means of its own optimization, to resist the pressure of the industry: the company achieved operating income of RMB 78.80 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 43.6 per cent over the same period, and the mother ' s net gain of RMB 2.27 billion, an increase of 13.1 per cent over the same period.
The Division's overall profitability was relatively good in the second quarter, and it was still able to achieve overall profitability under relative industry pressure, with a positive rise in the second quarter's overall Māori ratio of about 40.81 per cent, a rise of nearly two points from the first quarter, while the second quarter prices of polyethylene and polypropene were cost-driven in terms of products.
Upward, polyethylene and polypropylene product prices increased by 0.3 per cent and 3.2 per cent, while raw material gasification.
By further optimizing its own costs and adjusting its product structure to protect itself against the risks of industrial fluctuations, the company ' s overall costs in the first half of the year have been further reduced, the consumption of methanol monotons and methanol monotons have been further reduced, and the consumption of coal monotons of methanol has been rationalized and optimized in the park.
3. “A steady growth in performance, with cost-control advantages, highlights improvements in further lowering public works costs and easing industry pressure on companies.” At present, global energy prices remain high, and domestic coal prices are relatively manageable, overall
The coal-heading process has a comparative advantage, and the oil head continues to lose significantly in its current state, and the gas-head device is profitable. 4. Coal price escalation affects the profit-making space, double-lined distribution is significantly reduced, the coal-heading process has a relatively competitive advantage and will be accompanied by a gradual increase in demand.
5. "Property growth, cost advantage, and continued promotion of the production of tons of coke, although the profits of the entire coke industry are affected by the price of the previous coal.
But the company has a partial coal supply, close to the coal production area, a regional advantage, and its coke operations are expected to grow steadily, thanks to the optimization of its own formulations and the scalability of its products; Methanol production at the end of the year and the Ningdong Tri-Cylinium project next year will gradually become a short-term business for the company.
Long space, and in the long run, the progress of the company’s insider project is continuing, and through the layout of the new base, the company is expected to further enhance the procurement of raw materials and complementary advantages, further scale up, and further strengthen the company’s cost advantage.
Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment