It's a very clear performance, and it's an integrated layout that will help green development.
The company is a domestic coal-based company with clear cost advantages, ahead of technology, and ahead of schedule in the hydrogen energy industry, which will move towards a more high-quality green development path and maintain a "buy-in" rating. The price of the main business product has risen, and revenue performance has increased: 22 years of h1 affected by the epidemic and the international situation.
Global prices for basic energy, bulk materials have risen dramatically, inflation has increased, market demand has weakened, and the economy has declined. The impact of the new domestic crown epidemic has been significant, with adverse effects on a number of industries across the country, and companies have overcome their difficulties and achieved double growth in revenue and performance.
h1 company p/pp/carat/pe/benzen/modified asphalt/mtbe sales averaged $769.145/increase, first half of year p/pp/carb/pe/benzen/modified asphalt/mtbe sales, respectively
The rise in the price of raw materials affects Māori, with reasonable cost controls: the company’s performance is not growing as fast as revenue, mainly because of the fact that the price of raw materials is rising.
The refined chemical product is a substantial increase in raw material prices, a decline in the Māori ratio, a decline in the Māori ratio of H1 in 22 years, and a decrease in the average price of coal/coal tar/bill purchases, respectively.
0.23 per cent, mainly statistical caliber changes, transport costs, handling costs are factored into operating costs; administrative costs are being covered; construction projects are rich and the integrated layout deepens the cost of mooring the river: 3 million tons/year of co-production of the company ' s multi-manufactured multi-manufactured projects were successfully launched in the first half of 2022, and capacity will continue to be released. 200,000 tonnes/year are under construction
The Ningdong 3 phase 1 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbons and c2-c5 integrated use of acrylates (including 250,000 tonnes of aeva) are well under way, in which the coal-based methanol project is scheduled to be a test project at the end of 2022. Ningdong 4 phase 500,000 tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons
The project has been advertised and is expected to be completed during the 14th Five Year period.
The overall planning project has a steady pace, deepening the integrated layout, adding green industries to its cost and energy consumption advantages, guaranteeing long-term growth: companies continue to build up in green development, as leading energy efficiency poles, companies continue to adapt and reduce raw materials and energy consumption for 22 years.
H1 Methanol 2 plant consumes 1.3727 tons of coal per ton of raw methanol (a 5,400 kcal/kg of coal), a decrease of 0.0015 tons compared to the previous year. Acetylene 1 plant consumes 2.894 tons of methanol per ton, a decrease of 0.008 tons compared to the previous year. The company is also active in the hydrogen industry, with the first solar energy generation in the first half of the year.
All electrolytic hydrogen units are in production, and support companies are green. The 240 million “green hydrogen” and 120 million “green oxygen” of the project's annual production will be directly supplied to chemical plants, replacing raw materials with coal, fuel coal, hydrogen and oxygen production, which will reduce coal resources by about 380,000 tons per year, and will reduce coal resources by about 380,000 tons per year.
CO2 emissions are about 660,000 tonnes, with 5% of total carbon emissions from new chemical-reducing plants per year. In addition, the Department plans to put in operation 30-40 new electrolytic tank hydrogen units per year from 2022, with about 300 million more per year of green hydrogen production, with the company's long-term value added in the context of carbon neutralization.
Profit forecasts: We maintain profit forecasts, companies are expected to realize net profits in 2022/2023/2024. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not made by ... individual clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified and audited.