q2 outperforms the growth of the insider project Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the night of August 9, Bo Fung Energy released its 2022nd semi-annual report, and the company achieved its camp in the first half of 2022
14.395 billion yuan, an increase of 37.53 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return profit of $4.01 billion and a negative increase in performance in the second quarter of the same year. Volume increases, cost controls, and exports lead to profitability.
The plate splitting shows that the company's main products, polycarbons, cokes, and so on, are generating separate revenues, but the first half of 2022 showed a significant increase in comparison with the ring, mainly as a result of the company's release of additional coke production.
For price differentials, based on company operating data, the main product p/pp/ coke/pere/benzene/modified asphalt/mtbe has a second-quarter average price (excluding taxes) of 7706/7745 per cent.
Downwards are suppressed, but the fine chemical products of mtbe, pure benzene, etc. are passed smoothly, with a certain increase. According to our tracking of market prices, 2022q2pe/pp/coal/benzene market prices have a certain premium or are more consistent.
Ethylene (lldpe)-ethylene/polypropene-propylene-propylene-methanol/methanol-dynamic coal/carat-coal)-execution during the second quarter.
For the rest of the products, there is an increase in the production/distribution of modified asphalt and a near-altitude of the ring for acrylic hydrocarbons, pure benzene, mtbe. 2. Coalification giants are actively preparing for carbon neutralization.
Coal prices have a greater impact on costs, while coal prices in the first half of the year remain high and, according to corporate disclosure, the first half of the year was gasated raw coal/carrying coal/power coal/coal.
Key suppliers enter into long-term strategic cooperation agreements, while taking advantage of market trends, entering into lock-price contracts when appropriate, reducing the cost of coal procurement by about $70 million, and continuously implementing efficiency gains and efficiency management.
The company continuously improves technological processes, and the company's consumption alone is at the lowest level in the industry and is continuing to drop. According to the company, the consumption of mto alone in a single factory has decreased by 0.3% per year, methanol-2 alone by 0.1% per year, and coal-selected mill magnet powder alone by 39% per year.
On the control side, corporate sales costs fell by 0.14 pct in the second quarter, management costs by 0.41 pct in the second quarter, finance by 0.24 pct in the second quarter, and company costs by 0.52 pct in the second quarter. At the same time, companies value R & D inputs, and R & D costs by 0.52 pct in the second quarter.
• Agility in marketing strategies and channels to capture the market window of opportunity
Using a flexible logistics model, 1220,000 tons of polyolefins were exported in the first half of the year, an increase of 106,000 tons over last year’s year. According to our tracking, the average price of 2022q2pe/pp in Europe is significant in terms of the size of its energy source, and the Inner Mon project brings future growth.
We believe that the company's size and cost control are ahead of the industry, making a profit far above the average market, while at the same time cutting costs and becoming an industry inner pole. For the long-term growth side, a three-year period of 500,000 tons of coal-based hydrocarbons will be put into production in the first half of 2023, accompanied by a quarter of a million.
On 26 April 2022, after approval by the people ' s government of the city of Ordos in June 2020, a second environmental evaluation of 3 million tons of coal per year was conducted, indicating that the project was on the ground and was expected to be ready for production by around 2025, when the company ' s polyolefin production would double.
At the same time, it shows an additional 400,000 tonnes of green hydrogen for replacement and a long-term green hydrogen industry for the Bo Fung Group, which is leading the industry as a pioneer, to a green carbon-reduction development path, which we believe the company will also be able to take into account.
(1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products: (2) safe production risks: (3) environmental protection risks;
(4) The project is not as fast as expected, using legally compliant information and producing the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.