q2 performance is slightly higher than expected, and new projects are expected to bring high-growth energy sources (600989.sh)
.q2 performed slightly better than expected, h1, and the new project is expected to generate high growth. Keeping the “buy-in” rating has a relative cost advantage, with companies growing up and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Coal: 26.24 million tons of h1 coke sold in 2022, increasing sales, while companies have their own coal-reduced and refined coal costs, and the profits of the coke business have steadily increased. The basics are expected to improve in the second half of the year, and the main industries are expected to increase their profits further.
Coal-based polyethylene has had a cost advantage: since 2022, crude oil prices have remained high, with profits ranging from $726 to $1576/t in June, coal-based polyethylene hydrocarbons (1289-1731/t) and higher oil prices, with the comparative advantage of coal-based hydrocarbons highlighted. High oil prices & downstream demand
The coal-coated steel chain repair is expected to support the profits of coke: on July 28, 2022, a meeting of the Political Bureau deployed the secure property deposit building and, as the epidemic improves and the policy of steady growth is gradually emerging, the coal-coated steel-property chain is expected to be repaired, the demand for coke is expected to improve, and the profits from coke are expected.
• New projects are moving forward and companies are not changing their growth rates
Starting, the Immon project is expected to accelerate landing. Production is expected to be full in the year. Ningdong III: 1 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons and the c2-c5 integrated use of acrylic hydrocarbons (including 250,000 tonnes ofeva) projects are well under way.
Quarterly Report: q1 Performance Good, Hydrocarbons and Veva are expected to start production in the first half of 2023.
The approval process is in its final stages and will be ready for work after the review.