Innermont project is further advanced with the prospect of a significant increase in development space. On 19 September, Bo Fung Energy was launched on the U.S. Flag People ' s Government website, and the Environmental Impact Assessment Report of the Green Hydrogen and Coal Industrial Carbon Reduction Innovation Demonstration Project, Inc., Inner Mongolia
The advance of the Inner Mon Project is expected to further enhance the company’s future growth and to further strengthen its competitive advantage in the field of coal chemicals. The company began its business in Ningxia, and its products covered coal cokering and gas collars.
With the deployment of the Ningdong I and II projects, the company has basically achieved the two-line layout of the existing coal industry, with 1.2 million tonnes of production capacity, with future investment in Ningdong III and IV projects.
Production will be further scaled up, and the launch of the Inner Mon Project will significantly upgrade the company’s production model and achieve a better space advantage in the context of a more rigorous expansion of the overall coal-chemical capacity. Inner Mongolia’s projects will be larger, with a more efficient and more individualized three-generation process.
2. " Focalization, Gasification Double-Line Ripping, Decreasing Performance " . The company has already taken a clear lead in optimizing production processes and process controls following the coal-based hydrocarbon project, increasing its cost advantages to a greater extent than it would have been at the risk of industrial fluctuations.
3. " Once again demonstrating cost-control capabilities, the overall performance of other competitors in the coal-based hydrocarbons industry, the future Inner Mongolia project will be closer to where the raw material is produced, and if the upstream coal resources are complemented, the existing competitive advantage will be further enhanced. "
Short-term epidemics and demand impacts, overall carbon and hydrocarbon products are relatively profitable, and the company has a clear 4. "A steady growth in performance and a strong comparative advantage in cost control will gradually improve in the future.
5. Coal price rises affect profit margins, double-line layouts are heavily compressed, with oil being the most severe, with obvious losses, and the company ' s production is already making a relative profit.
Better levels, but also to a certain extent affected; coke is also affected by downstream demand, upstream coal prices are relatively limited, profits are then compressed, and future overall demand is stable, and it is expected to ease the pressure on profitability to some extent, leading to a recovery in profitability of the product.
Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn High price volatility of raw materials, policy implications for new project approval, project start-up below expectations, continuing low demand
yangyiying@gjzg.com.cn market analysis of relevant report rating ratios, then averaged the final rating as market average investment