A new start for the machine, a new start for the mine, and an optimal profit-making capacity for the country’s business.
Business management: After the reforms, the company has focused more on raising the Māori rate, reducing its exposure to risk, emphasizing the marketization of top pay, equity incentives associated with roe, and net profits.
Gewers have increased corporate profitability and net interest rates of 22-24q1-q3 have increased by 3.2 pcts. Inner excavators are the second largest in the industry and are expected to benefit from sales into the regular state of the excavator.
The rate of domestic revenue growth is expected to improve in 25 years. Overseas: Euro-American revenues from companies in Europe and America account for overseas revenues. 2. Xu Engineering and Mechanics: Quality of Assets, Performance in line with Prediction 3. Xu Engineering and Mechanics: Success in Overseas Expansion, Quality of Assets
Mine machinery: head foreign client orders landed, or came at a time of surprise. Demand side: The total open-air mine machine market was over $37 billion, the global mine demand was +3 per cent in October-December 24 years, and there was a turning point in demand. China's mine machine exports were on the same page in 2024.
+25.6 +25.6 +25.6 +25.6 +1 +1 +1 +1 +1 +1 +1 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +1 +2 +1 +1 +1 +1 +1 +2 +1 +2 +2 +1 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +4 +2 +4 +4 +2 +2 +4 +2 +4 +2 +4 +2 +2 +2 +4 +2 +4 +2 +2 +2 +4 +2 +2 +2 +4 +2 +2 +4 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +4 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 %) +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +
In the second half of the year, the head foreign client received nearly $4 billion in orders, and the mine machine is in a state of eruption. How do you see the company's valuation and growth space? In the last round, we found that the company's valuation was delayed by higher exposures and lower net interest rates.
The same-year pressure drops by $9.6 billion, and the company is expected to meet the domestic and foreign resonance of the engineering and machinery plate (belonging to the parent company) downstream property, less than expected capital demand, increased competition in overseas markets, and prices of raw materials.
1. Reform of State enterprises and continued optimization of profitability
1.1 Paintings: The first-largest-scale engineering machine in the country. The company is the first-largest-largest-scale engineering machine, covering engineering machinery such as excavators, cranes, and emerging plates such as mine machinery, agricultural machinery, high-level machinery.
The limited combination of annual sales cost rates, combined with the limited number of Xu workers, resulted in 23 years, 24q1-q3 sales rates, low management rates and better cost controls over the last two years.
The path to corporate reform: blending + absorption + merger + governance reform + market-based appraisals + equity incentives to boost corporate profitability, changes in equity structure: companies have improved their governance structures by introducing investments, employee ownership schemes, through mixing. Step 1: 2018 \triangleright
During the year, Xu was limited to initiating the mix-up, and through the stock transfer + Replenishment Expansion + Staff Holding Scheme, Xu was limited to 100 per cent of the shares held by Xu Industrial Group, which was adjusted to 34.1 per cent of the shares held by Xu Industrial Group, step two: the company issued a limited share in reverse acquisitions of Xu Workers, and Xu Industrial Group ' s shareholding of the company was reduced from 38.11 per cent before the mix-up to 20.83 per cent, but still maintained the holding position.
\triangleright became the largest segment of the business, optimizing overall profitability.
\triangleright ' s chief executive coordinates the various departments and strengthens the harmonization of R & D, distribution channels, and procurement.
Māori and the crushing of receivables and inventories. Marketization + equity incentives to stimulate managerial dynamism. 1) Marketization: high-level pay marketization, emphasis on evaluation and incentives, which are expected to motivate managers, improve management efficiency and optimize internal controls; 2) issue equity
Incentives, demand for roe, net profits, and stronger binding of employee and corporate interests. 1.3 Global investor return plans, higher value of corporate investment, global investor return plans, and higher value of corporate investment.
Figure 5: Global investment return plans for R & D inputs, dividends, equity equity gains 2. See 25 years of resonance-led recovery of positive growth in corporate revenues.
The ratio of revenues from machinery, cranes, concrete machines is 28%, 20%, 10%, or nearly 60%, and is the company’s main business. Moreover, the increase in domestic revenue is more closely related to the increase in sales of domestic excavators, loaders, car cranes.
20% of the demand for spare parts for engineering machinery is related to equipment requirements, start-up rates, etc., and is also part of the domestic demand resonance variety.
During the 24-year period, $100.5 million were sold in excavators, compared to 11.7 per cent in January 25, 5405 in excavators, corresponding to +99.4 per cent in January 25, with a continuous upward trend. And 24-year-old m8-m12 hours of work in the Chinese district of Xiaoxuan have changed over five months, and with the effect of spring holidays in January, the number of hours worked in Xiaoxuan in January 25, amounted to 66.2
Hours, with better performance than in January 23 and February 24 of the same spring holiday season, the temperature of the start-up air has warmed, and the in-house sales have grown in a normal way.
Figure 9: 24 years m8-m12 hours of uncomfort-on-a-homocycle: 25, 26 and 27 years of domestic excavator renewal needs are (2) historical sales: more than 10,000 excavators were imported in the country in 2020 and before, and included
Computation of the stock of excavators in the renewal cycle = sales in the engineering machinery industry + the importation of excavators, without consideration of equipment phase-out
Construction works equipment upgrades, including excavators, loaders, concrete mixers, lifters, bulldozers and other equipment (vehicles) used for construction works with high pollution, high energy consumption, high wear and tear and poor technology for more than 10 years, in accordance with requirements such as the technical specifications for the inspection of mechanical equipment at the construction site (jj160).
The company’s domestic dredging market is the second largest and is expected to benefit from the recovery of the demand for the excavator. As the company's strategy has been adjusted, the excavator is running. Figure 12: The company’s domestic dredging market is the second highest in the history of the crane, and its internal sales are at the bottom.
Car crane sales are only 20% of the 20-year high and, according to annual data on construction cranes, 24-year-old towers are worth only 11% of the 20-year-old high, and the domestic sales of cranes are at an all-time low. In the short term, there are low-ground signals from car cranes, tower cranes, and tower cranes.
Internal sales grew by 26.5 per cent and 62.5 per cent, and the vehicle cranes fell by a narrow margin and sold by the same margin of -38.0 per cent in the spring of January, with no significant increase, with a short-term bottom signal. The excavator, as a pre-cycle variety in engineering machinery, was able to obtain more services.
Figure 15: Steady signals from auto cranes Chart 16: Steady signals from tower cranes (1) Domestic vehicle cranes, tower sales have fallen to historical bottom levels, and we expect pessimism, neutrality, optimism
The economic workshop highlighted the need to stabilize the city, with a projected reduction in the 25-year decline, an increase in industry demand in a pessimistic, neutral and optimistic context (2) domestic excavator sales began to run in March of 24 years, 100.5 million were sold in excavators throughout the 24-year period, same as +11.7 per cent, other earth machines, etc., and electricization is expected to sustain medium-term demand, and we expect pessimism, neutrality, neutrality, etc.
2.2 Emerging markets are moving well, and corporate exports are expected to continue to grow. Companies have sought out the growth engine in recent years, with a rising share of overseas income.
Figure 18: The continued expansion of overseas earnings of 2019-24h1 companies The growth of high Maori overseas operations has led to an overall increase in profitability. 22-24h1 companies ' overseas operations are 47.1 per cent higher than domestic Māori, and have become another central factor in the release of profits.
According to the Pan-Pon financial report, the year after the end of Europe and America’s declining demand, it is expected that the demand for engineering will be gradually restored next year. There are signs of warming in the North American region this month; the European region is down before the North American region, and demand is down.
For two years, the demand was the same as in October-December of 24 years, and the decline was narrow. Seven major engineering machinery requirements were calculated; (2) Pine q1 was a caliber of April-June, and the demand for engineering machinery in the Euro-American market grew at a rate of 10 years of national debt, and we found that there was an increase in demand for engineering machinery in the Euro-American region.
The rate of return on the 10-year national debt (a year behind) shows a certain negative relationship, mainly because interest cuts reduce interest rates on start-up, stimulate demand for start-up, and stimulate demand for engineering machinery. Twenty-five years of demand in the European and American regions will be stable. Europe has already initiated the first round of interest cuts, and there may be many other rounds of interest cuts in the future.
The demand for European markets is likely to stabilize gradually in the coming year. The demand for engineering machinery in the US market, which is affected by the elections, is expected to be released, but the demand recovery intensity still needs to focus on interest reduction.
South-East Asia is an emerging market for engineering machinery, with a more perceptible cyclicality (the cycle is around 4-5 years). According to the Pygmies, demand for engineering machinery in South-East Asia is expected to grow in the middle of the year.
Demand for mining and construction markets accelerated in the main region of Indonesia, where demand for engineering machinery increased by the same amount in October-December 24 years + 19%. As a result of the recovery in the Indonesian market, demand in South-East Asia accelerated during the same period by the same percentage + 16%.
Brazil is the main engine of engineering machinery in the Latin American region, and the demand climate in Latin America depends on Brazil. According to the Brazilian Institute of Construction and Mining Technology, it benefits from an increase in capital projects and Brazilian premises.
Production demand has increased, with Brazilian construction and earth machinery, engineering machinery sales estimated at 36,700, 582,000, i.e. 13.3 per cent, + 8.8 per cent in 24 years. Chart 30: Brazilian construction and earth machinery entered the growth zone in 24 years.
Figure 31: Brazil's projected sales of engineering machinery in 24 years is expected to continue to boost Brazilian market demand by the same ratio + 8.8%. Brazil launched the Accelerated Growth Plan in August 23, which invests $717, 1252, $6.4 billion each in transport, urban construction, water supply, and investment at least until 2026.
Considering Brazil’s low rate of idle engineering machinery, which has fallen to 11 per cent over the past seven years, it is expected that the expansion of capital projects at the policy end will be smoother to boost Brazilian demand for engineering machinery.
The growth of corporate income abroad is expected to continue for 25 years. Assumptions: (1) acceleration assumptions: European and United States markets are projected to be on interest-reduction expectations, general elections (2) regional income ratios: based on corporate investor relationship management information, the share of corporate income abroad in Central Europe and the United States is around
10%, assuming that the European and American region will remain at 10% for 24 years, emerging markets account for 90% of overseas income.
3.1 Mine machinery revenues continue to rise and are expected to become the second-growth curve. The company ' s mine machinery covers mostly open-air mines. Products include mine drills, mining, mine cards, mine loaders, etc., with greater product coverage compared to other domestic engineering and machinery manufacturers.
The open-air mine's mechanical product line, the mine's suit, the mine's flat.
It's bulldozed. It's combustible. It's a rigid miner.
Xu's mechanic, he's a three-by-one, Caterpillar.
The amount of $1.54 billion rose to $5.86 billion in 23 years, during which period the capr reached 39.7%, and the company was located in the top five manufacturers of open-air mining equipment in the world. According to the 2024 Global Engineering 50 Summit, the world-wide producer of open-air mining equipment in the mines was in the order of five, Caterpillar, Xiaozon, Japan Construction Machine, Xu Engineering Machine, Liberhael.
The Chinese company is the only national producer in the world in the top five. 3.2 Beta: open-air mining equipment has a large space, a high-profile export of State-made mine machinery.
Not 34%, 53%, but two of the core products of open-air mining. 2023 Global open-air mining equipment product structure.
Companies account for only 2 per cent of the total, with large long-term replacement space. Mine machinery exports are high: 24 years of global demand for mine machinery, but in 2024, the mine machinery industry exported more services.
51.92 billion United States dollars, or +25.6 per cent of the year, the export of mine machinery has remained positive. Considering the global demand for mine machinery in October-December, 24 years, the global demand for mine machinery has increased by +3 per cent, the global demand for mine machinery has stubbled, the global demand for mine machinery has returned, or it will return to the bottom.
Figure 43: Mechanical exports from mines increased at a rate of 25.6 per cent in 2024. 3.3 Engineering Mechanics' future strategic expansion - Mine machinery is the preferred option.
The equipment income was 10.3 per cent and 0.6 per cent, respectively. The open-air mine machinery and engineering machinery have characteristics similar to those of technology: the open-air mine machinery consists mainly of mining, mine cards, mine loaders, mine bulldozers, etc., and the engineering and mechanics have been developing and producing for a long period of time and have a certain amount of technology in this type of product.
Figure 44: Engineering and mechanical extension of mine machinery with some degree of technological accumulation, pine extended by engineering machinery to develop open-air excavator equipment
3.4 Why do you think the company comes to the odd moment of mining machinery, when large-scale product capacity, new energy technologies are better configured, head foreign clients work together for long periods of time, eventually pushing the company to get big orders from foreign customers, as corporate product recognition increases, and the endorsement effect of orders from clients like fmg.
Tons of mining + 400 tons of mine cards. Currently, the company's large-scale mining operations weigh domestic leaders, amounting to 672 tons, closing the gap with Matsu and Carter.
Figure 45: Corporate mining core indicators such as tonnage, captures, and a small gap between the company's large mine cards, which are technologically mature, and the world's top-level performance of large-ton products. In 2012, the company developed 400 tons of heavy large-scale mining cards, followed by continuous sculpting of the company's products, which in 2022 produced xde 440 products, with a nominal load of more than Matsuma,
Carter. The product has 7,300 hours of annual attendance and is more than 95% available to meet the requirements of large mining companies for durability. xde440 - the world’s largest tonnage and post-demobilization has developed 400 tons since 2012.
Head-to-head foreign mine customers have higher requirements for equipment, usually for longer import times. Mine mechanics usually need to work around the clock throughout the year, with the Libehare mine working 6700 hours a year, while the Indonesian area with a higher number of excavator hours is only 2361.7 hours/year. Head-to-mine companies therefore require greater stability and durability for high-capacity equipment operations.
The company began supplying hydraulic fuel tanks to power-plating from 2014 and then relied on joint research and development and post-sale recognition, and began supplying mine flats to power-plating machines in 21 years, starting with core parts.
In August, the company obtained 800 million yuan worth of mine cards and mine flatware orders from the company ' s joint venture company, Keto and Sino-Aluminium Group, which was successfully entered. Figure 48: The company has entered the big customer threshold with core parts, high-quality mainframe + nannie service to drive foreign clients to order new energy mine mechanical technology. In 2024, the international mining exhibition fmg mining company signed a $2.8 billion contract.
Single, including 360 pure electric mine cards, 55 power-drive excavators, and 60 battery-driven bulldozers. The company’s new energy mines are mechanically covered by several technological routes, such as pure electric power, mixed power, wiring, power switching, etc., with sufficient technological reserves to respond to the diversification needs of mining enterprises, and are expected to gain a share in the transformation of new mechanical energy sources in the mines.
Figure 49: The company has a more complete layout of new energy technologies for mine machinery, which covers the weight of the operation, the import of overseas head orders is accelerated, and the company ' s mining machinery is expected to be ready for an outbreak. As mentioned earlier, large-scale + chemical products +
The new energy layout + long-term co-operation with head clients + fast-response services helped companies to enter the head foreign customer threshold,24 with orders of $800 million and Fmg $3 billion in the second half of the year. Fmg, Liga, or corporate orders from head mining companies, or to become the public department, continue to work on endorsements from other overseas clients, driving orders to land.
4. Medium-term valuation and outlook 4.1 Medium- and long-term valuations are centred on net interest rates and exposure to risk
In contrast to higher valuations, the company’s up-front earnings increased at a rate comparable to that of three or more workers, but net interest rates were lower than three or more jobs, risk exposures/net assets were significantly higher than three or one of the factors that stifled valuations. So the potential for future corporate valuations lies in the rise in net interest rates and the lowering of risk exposures.
The secured finance leasing partner that is scavenging for more services is a company held by the Xu Industries Group and is not a subsidiary of Xu Industries, and is therefore accounted for as a form of external exposure, which is in part less risky than other secured financing leases.
The company continues to push the risk exposure down, with 24h1 risk exposures amounting to $13.64 billion, or $9.60 billion below the 23h1 pressure. Figure 52: the actual off-the-shelf exposure of the company shows a lower level than the statement.
In order to analyse the increase in the profitability of the company as a result of the release of leverage, we have divided the key factors affecting the release of the company's profits into operational and non-operational segments, with the operational dimension comprising mainly rigid costs (costs),
Export, product structure & cost of raw materials, etc.; non-operational dimensions include financial costs, loss of assets, investment returns, etc. Employee remuneration, depreciation amortization as a percentage of income or will be reduced. Companies expanded overseas, product categories expanded earlier, and related staffing and capacity building was completed earlier, with potential subsequent increases coming from marginal, marginal processing plants abroad.
Old amortizations and large increases in staff pay are unlikely to increase, and the ratio is expected to decrease.1 Heavy lifting machines: harvests: 1.0, 0.5 million tower cranes for 24 years and 0.5 million for 24 years, 2 and earthworks: collection: 1) sales of domestic excavators have been on the rise for 10 consecutive months, and the start of small construction in China is low
The number of hours has also been positive for five months, and the volume & pace of construction has gone up, and the inside of the excavator has gone into normal growth. Considering the expansion, taking into account the demand climate of the next year in South-East Asia, South America, etc., it is expected that next year the company will export three, road machinery: harvest: road machinery is more relevant to the infrastructure, 24h1 has revenues equal to -3.5%, and the state is active.
4. Concrete machinery: harvests: concrete machinery is highly related to real estate and infrastructure, and domestic demand is still in the bottom line. According to company announcements, the company ' s concrete business owner, Xu Shiwiying, earned $3.411 billion in 23 years, accounting for about 30% of the concrete plate, and the impact of the downside on the company ' s concrete plate was reduced in 24 days, taking into account estates in emerging markets abroad.
Half-yearly, the fmg mine machine orders are in a state of emergency. The projected revenue for 24-26 years is 6, spare parts for engineering machinery and others: collection: the company ' s main product is engineering machinery spare parts and moving machinery, which is highly relevant to domestic engineering requirements and is expected to remain under pressure for 24 years. Sales in the excavator began to increase in March of 24th year.
7. Craft machinery: collection: plant machinery is highly correlated with infrastructure projects such as roads and railways, and downstream demand remains high for 24 years.8 High-altitude operating machinery: collection: 24h1 company ' s revenues from high-altitude operations were equal to 11.5 per cent, mainly due to domestic demand; cost rate forecast: the company ' s overseas market layout is largely shaped and sales and management expansion is modest and is expected to go public
Given the company’s early deployment of overseas markets, capital spending on overseas operations and the expansion of personnel have passed. The company’s engineering and machinery panels, both domestic and foreign, resonance, add up to the amount of mechanical orders placed on mines, yielding economies of scale, are expected to boost the company’s net interest rate.
Downstream real estate, infrastructure recovery is not as good as expected. Companies with cranes, concrete machinery and real estate are more relevant if downstream real estate needs are less than expected, or adversely affect the business, thereby affecting the company’s performance.
Increased competition or the negative impact on the company’s progress abroad, thereby affecting the company’s performance, is the risk of an increase in raw materials. Companies’ raw materials account for more than 80 per cent of the cost of doing business if they rise or cause significant fluctuations in the company’s profits, or will have an adverse impact on the company’s profits.
With the limited number of Xu Xu workers absorbed into the merger, the company’s remuneration system became more market-oriented. Before the merger, the company’s remuneration board made more references to the industry; after the merger, the company reformed the remuneration of the executive, which constituted a basic annual salary + annual pay for performance + tenure incentive, strengthened the alignment of the executive with the interests of the company, and stimulated managerial dynamism.
The scheme targets directors, senior managers, middle and senior managers, core technical and business personnel, up to a total of 2,000, and the equity incentive targets focus on profitability and the company’s long-term profitability.