The company is a Chinese engineering machine with a product covering cranes, excavators, loaders, rollers, concrete machines, etc.
The top 50 engineering machine manufacturers list, and Xu's sales of $12.964 billion ranked fourth in the world and first in the country. The company achieved net profits in 2023, each better than the big market (for the first time).
The domestic market is stable and the overseas market is wide-ranging. The domestic market, where domestic machinery sales are at the bottom of history, is expected to pick up demand in the future, with the main drivers: 1) the engineering machinery update cycle is coming to add up to the need for national policy updates to drive engineering machinery upgrading; 2) the infrastructure deficit week.
The period adjustment is expected to lead to a marginal improvement in capital demand: 3) Real estate liberalization has led to a steady build-up of real estate. In overseas markets, Chinese engineering machinery has gone out to sea to maintain a high rate of growth, using excavators as an example, and the sale of cagr was 43.84% in 2015-2023, indicating that domestic mainframe plants are overseas channels and products.
While the visibility of power and brands has continued to rise, there is still much room for increasing the share of overseas cities, with China’s share of the market for engineering and machinery enterprises being 17.2 per cent in 2024, and China’s exports of engineering and machinery are expected to continue to grow better as overseas markets recover and domestic engineering and machinery manufacturers grow more competitively.
With regard to the reform, the company absorbed Xu in 2022, limited integration of Xu's engineering and mechanical units into the market as a whole, a better system of company products after consolidation, and synergies in many operations are expected to further enhance the profitability of the company.
In addition, in February 2023, the company first issued equity incentives to further improve its governance structure and assert its confidence in development. In terms of overseas outreach, the company already owns more than 40 overseas affiliates, marketing networks cover more than 190 countries and territories around the world, and overseas business income ratios ranged from 2020 to 2020.
Further upgrading of corporate profitability, which in the future will have the risk of supply of core components as overseas operations expand further; exchange rate fluctuations; and technology research and development less than expected. Investment advice: companies are at the forefront of engineering machinery, with a replacement cycle for domestic engineering machinery and the sea
China’s Engineering and Mechanical Industry is the leader of the engineering and machinery industry, the Xu Engineering Group is the real control, and Xu Engineering and Mechanics are the champions of the Chinese engineering and machinery industry. Xu was founded in 1993 and the product covers cranes, excavators, excavators, etc.
The main areas of Chinese engineering are loading machines, rollers, concrete machines, etc.. The khl 2023 top 50 engineering machine manufacturer list, with Xu Xu ́s sales of US$ 12,964 million as the world’s fourth and country’s number one. The company’s cranes, mobile cranes, horizontal-directed drills are the world’s number one towers.
Second, road machinery, vehicle cranes, third on the planet, construction machinery, concrete machinery, first on the planet, loading aircraft to the top of the domestic industry, excavators to the fourth on the planet, high-altitude platforms, open-air mining equipment, fifth on the globe.
1) Heavy lifting machines are the company’s most competitive product, and market ownership has been at the top of the industry for many years. Currently, the company’s cranes include car cranes, tracked cranes, vehicle cranes and tower cranes in four categories, produced by Xu's heavyweight, Xu's construction machine, Xu’s escort and Xu’s tower machine respectively.
2) Land machinery: The earth machinery consists mainly of shoveling machines and excavating machines. In the case of shoveling machines, the company is responsible for shoveling machines whose products are mainly loaders. In 1999, the company successfully developed a leading, international-synchronous third-generation loader, which completely ended the history of our high-end loader completely dependent on imports.
Most of them are small- and medium-sized, with models 30 (3 tons) and 50 (5 tons), of which 50 sales represent more than half of the total sales of utility shovel machines. With respect to excavators, Xu's combined and limited number of Xu, add new excavators. Excavators include micro excavators, small excavators, medium-sized excavators, large excavators, wheels.
Multi-products, such as excavators and mine excavators. Figure 2: Xu's mechanical earthworks 3) Concrete machinery: the company's concrete machinery is stable in the world's first camp.
Concrete mixer transport vehicles, concrete slurry vehicles, concrete mixer stations, concrete fabric machines, industrial pumping systems 4) industrial machinery: Xr Drilling rigs, Xg serial wall grabs, series of long spiral drills, horizontal-direction rigs, swirling rigs, coal-diggers, etc.
Drilling rigs are the largest industry in terms of size; more than 280 tons of large products are marketed at over 60 per cent and are well-established; horizontal target drills are the top of the industry; and the newly cultivated diggers are industrialized at a rapid pace, with growth rates, as shown in figure 4: Xu's mechanical rig drilling products
5) Road machinery: The company ' s road machinery consists of compact machinery and surface machinery. The firm ' s compacted mechanical plate, the company ' s crusher product model, covers all type of crusher, tyre, single-barrel series, etc., and contains 50 product models, with an operational weight of 0.8-33 tons. The company has a stable market position in the ballast industry.
Solid, in the last three years, the dominance of the industry has been maintained. By type, the company's advantages are concentrated on tyres, rollers, and single-tale wheels. Roadboard mechanical plates, the main product of which is the amortization machine, the company's amortization machine product, contains nine major series of products that have developed over the years and have integrated intelligent control, combined intelligent operation of the fleet, and far.
International advanced technology in a number of large-scale road construction machinery, such as process monitoring and high-precision and high-efficiency amortization controls. 6) High-altitude operating machinery: the company ' s high-altitude operating machinery consists mainly of high-altitude operating platforms and fire-fighting machinery.
7) Mining equipment: the products consist mainly of mining, mining cards, shredding sifting equipment, tunnel construction equipment, etc. Figure 7: Xu's mechanical mining machinery products 8) Other engineering machinery, engineering machinery spare parts: the company's other engineering machinery products consist mainly of specialized vehicles, hygiene, etc.
The company manufactures and sells various basic parts and components of engineering machinery, mainly chassis, figure 8: other engineering machinery and engineering machine spares products from Xu Engineering Group and Xu Mechanics thrives. Xu is affiliated with Xu Industries Group, which is formerly Xu Industries Group.
China’s first tower crane, China’s first 10-ton steam-roller, China’s first 5-ton car crane, etc. The Xu Engineering Machine was founded in 1993 and placed on the market in late 1996. As the only listed company under Xu’s banner, Xu Yu has acquired a lot of high-quality capital from the Group.
Source: In 2009, Xu's machinery acquired 90 per cent of Xu's heavy weight equity, 50 per cent of Xu's equity, 60 per cent of the specialized vehicle company, 90 per cent of the special machinery company, 90 per cent of the company's equity, 100 per cent of the import-export company's equity, and improved product systems by absorbing the group's core assets; Xu's 2011
The arms acquisition of 100 per cent of the Xu Engineering road and its entry into the top five of the world ' s engineering machinery; the company acquisition of the Global Concrete Mechanic Leadership Company, Schwiing, Germany, in 2012; the inauguration of the Xu Engineering European Research Centre and the European Purchasing Centre in 2013; the completion of the construction of the Xu-Brazil manufacturing base in 2014 and the establishment of the Xu-American Research Centre in 2020;
(b) The 2021 Xu machine jumped to the top three of the world's engineering machinery and the 2022 Xu machine completed the integration of Xu, further strengthening the excavators, towers, concrete machinery business; and the 2023 Xu machine issued restrictions
The company is controlled by the Xu Engineering Group. At present, Xu is controlled by the Xu Engineering Group and holds 20.83% of Xu Engineering. The structure of Xu's shares has undergone two changes: 1) Mixed ownership reform: 2020 Xu Engineering.
Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi X X X Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xu Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi X X X X X X
The future development of arms offers greater opportunities; 2) The integration of Xu workers is limited: in 2022, the main listed owner, Xu Engineering and Mechanics, acquired a limited shareholding of Xu and took over all of Xu's limited assets, liabilities, businesses, personnel and all other rights and obligations. Xu's limited flag is used to excavate machinery, concrete machinery, miners, towers.
In February 2023, the company first released a restrictive stock incentive scheme, which is proposed.
There has been a steady increase in the performance of up to 2,000 company directors, senior managers, middle and senior managers, core technical and business personnel, and an increase in the share of overseas revenues and profits since 2022. Corporate performance as a whole has grown, with engineering machinery in 2022.
The growth in overseas operations, mining machinery, high-altitude machinery, and the decline in corporate revenue were narrower than in 2022, while the net profitability of companies increased at a higher rate as a result of higher rates and higher ratios of overseas operations and high-altitude machinery, and continued to increase with a steady rate of cost during the period.
As a result of the downside effect, the company ' s Māori ratio declined (the company ' s 2022 merger of Xu was limited, with a re-referenced calibre, the company mainly comprising: 1) an increase in the share of international business with a higher Māori rate; and 2) a decrease in the cost of procurement driven by the integration of the company ' s supply chain after the mix. The overall cost rate was stable during the company period, with the financial cost rate rising in 2024q1-q3 being the main factor.
Figure 17: Xu's machine-roe level, Figure 16: Xu's machine-research and development costs and high Mäori overseas income share have continued to rise. Subregionally, companies have continued to globalize in recent years, except in 2020.
The ratio of high-altitude machinery to high-altitude machinery continues to rise. For the Māori rate, the Māori rate is higher for earth-based machinery and high-altitude machinery. Figure 20: Xu's sub-product income ratio: Xu's sub-product Māori ratio
The company’s risk of impairment is mainly due to inventory, receivables, and off-the-shelf risk impairment. In recent years, the company has actively promoted the incentives of distributors to go to stock, dispose of legal machines, and strictly controlled it.
For accounts receivable, the net book value of accounts receivable in 2021 increased by 50.63 per cent over the same period, mainly by 1) being affected by the continued upswing in the engineering and machinery industry, a marked increase in market demand and an increase in corporate revenue; and 2) the effects of the regressive consolidation of enterprises under the same control.
Increased risk management and a robust cash flow. We account for the balance of mortgage guarantees, the balance of finance leases committed to buy back, and the balance of acceptance guarantees as an off-the-shelf exposure.
In recent years, Xu has created a special wind control centre to control off-the-shelf risks, manage customer quality, actively share risks with financial institutions, and reduce exposure to off-the-shelf risks.
Capital and real estate investment grew at a high rate, and demand for engineering machinery continued to grow. In 2008, as a result of the financial crisis, the share price of the engineering and machinery industry recovered, but with the launch of the $4 trillion policy, the share price continued to rise.
Reassembled big assets, Xu's machine acquired Xu's heavy loads, hydraulics, special vehicle companies, lifts with vehicles, etc. By absorbing the core assets of Xu's group, Xu's product system was improved, and company roe and profit levels were raised, so the share price outperformed the industry.
In May 2011, there was a slowdown in sales in the engineering and machinery industry, the industry’s downward cycle and the company’s share price continued to decline as a result of the rapid expansion of engineering and machinery in 2005-2010.
The low growth in construction and real estate, the increase in the volume of excavators, driven mainly by renewed demand, and the departure of macroeconomic and industrial sales, have led to a concussion of industry and corporate stock prices. It is noted that the railway investment of $800 billion will be completed in 2019, and the road and water transport investment of $1.8 trillion will be substantial.
In the third quarter of 2020, corporate exchange losses, a decline in the Māori rate led to the bottom, and in 2024, countries such as water, rural farming, urban renewal, etc., need to develop a focus of debt support.
During this period, the company had limited re-absorption of Xu in 2022 and achieved overall listing, with the infusion of high-morigin plates such as excavators, mining machines, the rising share of overseas operations and the continued push for state-owned reforms, the company’s profitability continued to improve and its share prices outperformed the industry.
Industry analysis: domestic bottom-building is stable, vast space is available, engineering machines are used for infrastructure, property, mines, etc. Excavators are core products. Excavators are in the front, market is largest, and are representative of the core of engineering machinery.
These include, inter alia, excavators, concrete machines, car cranes, tower cranes, etc., which are used mainly in transport, transportation, energy, mines, forestry and water construction, and are more relevant to national economic development, the scale of investment in fixed assets across society.
Mainly used for the pre-project start-up and the underground construction phase; followed by vehicle cranes (relaying below 30 metres), pump vehicles (concrete machinery), and tower cranes (high-altitude suspension) and high-level concrete transport pumps as construction heights increased, the change in demand was ahead of others as excavators moved forward.
In terms of market size, domestic excavators accounted for nearly one third of the domestic sales of engineering machinery in 2023, and the total sales of excavators reached $67,496 million, or 37.96 per cent of the sales of engineering machinery. The excavators are the most important and large-scale engineering machinery industry.
The largest product is also sold in relation to the high temperature of the engineering and machinery industry, so the following text analyses the engineering and machinery industry mainly by analysing the excavator situation.
Heavy lifting machines Earth machines (diggers, concrete machines (pumpers, pumps)
(car crane, car with loader, bulldozer) (heavy machine)
Market size: 2023 global engineering machinery market size is $243.4 billion, and according to khl data, the global sales of equipment for the top 50 engineering machines reached $243.4 billion in 2023.
Regionally, according to the off-highway statistics, the North American, Chinese and European markets for engineering machinery are large, accounting for 26.67 per cent and 19.85 per cent and 17.92 per cent, respectively, of global sales.
Competition patterns: a stable pattern of competition, dominated by leading firms, a stable pattern of global competition for engineering machinery, and an increase in Chinese manufacturers. According to khl, the top three companies in 2023 were Caterpillar, Siao Song and John Dheere (United States), respectively.
The rate was 16.80%/10.40%/6.10%, respectively. In 2023, the top 10 engineering machines in the world were basically unchanged from 2013, with a stable overall pattern of competition and a stable market share for top firms. For China Engineering and Machinery, the total market share for Chinese engineering and machinery manufacturers was 13.4% in 2013 and 17.2% in 2023.
In 2023, Xu was ranked 6th in the world ' s 4th and 3rd highest jobs, 12th in the Central Quality Section, and 19th in the Yanu Chamber. Domestic: capital investment, start-up support for the equipment renewal cycle, rebounded steadily.
In the case of real estate, the housing sector is now at an all-time low, and the country’s real estate is committed to the goal of “houses are free of charge.”
In January-October 2024, 612 million square metres of new housing were opened, a decrease of 22.67 per cent compared with the previous year. In recent years, a new real estate policy has been put in place, which is expected to reduce the size of the housing sector by a shorter margin, leading to an improvement in the demand for engineering machinery.
A number of good capital investment policies have been put in place, including the 12 trillion-dollar debt-diversion package launched in November 2024, the largest debt-diversion initiative in recent years, which can significantly complement local government liquidity, capital construction, and construction projects are expected to improve continuously, leading to a marginal improvement in the demand for engineering machinery.
In the first half of the year, the number of hours worked on the Chinese Xiao Matsu excavator continued to improve. In August, the number of hours worked on the Xiao Matsu excavator improved. In December 2024, the number of hours worked on the Chinese excavator was 108, an increase of 19.47%, and the city engineering machinery was expected to enter a new replacement cycle.
Year. For example, from 2005 to 2011, for example, the number of excavators that have benefited from urbanization, the $4 trillion investment drive, the excavator has released demand early, the capacity of the excavator has expanded excessively, and the excavator has entered the inventory phase; with the completion of the process, the replacement cycle of excavators has been added to the macroeconomic recovery from 2016 to 2021, the volume of excavators has re-entering the upper row.
Phases: 2021-2023, due to the epidemic, the macroeconomic slowdown, and the decline in real estate, infrastructure decline, excavator sales, and in 2024, despite the fact that the start of the country ' s real estate is still on a downward trend, the volume of water, farm and rural construction, and ordnance sales declined considerably, leading to steady sales of excavators in 2024. The last round of excavators began to recover.
Year 2017, considering the life of the excavator from 8 to 10 years, the domestic sales of excavators are expected to recover steadily in 2025 with the new replacement cycle of the excavators.
In March 2024, the State Council issued a programme of action to promote large-scale equipment upgrading and the exchange of consumer goods for old ones, which clearly states that by 2027, investments in equipment in industry, agriculture, construction, transport, education, the arts and the arts will have increased by more than 25% over 2023.
The Programme identifies 20 priority tasks in 5 areas, with explicit reference to the implementation of equipment upgrading actions, including: (1) promoting the upgrading of equipment in priority sectors; (2) accelerating the upgrading of equipment in the construction and municipal infrastructure areas; (3) supporting the upgrading of transport equipment and old agricultural machinery; and (4) upgrading the medical equipment of the educational brigade.
In addition, specific implementation programmes have been put in place to promote the renewal of engineering machinery. Domestic excavator sales are at the bottom of history, and the recovery trend is now evident.
In 2024, domestic demand for excavators grew steadily over the past seven months, driven mainly by farm water, rural roads, and municipal works, and hence by higher levels of domestic mining. Domestic excavators are now at the bottom of history, and recovery is expected to continue as the cycle of renewal begins.
Figure 38: Monthly sales data inside and outside the excavator Overseas: market space is wide, Chinese firms still have room to grow, domestic mainframe brands are growing, and the trend towards seaboarding is significant.
External sales rose from 0.57 million to 10.950 thousand, with a capr of 52.41 per cent, a moderate recovery in demand from the same sub-areas in 2023, stocking of national product plates, August 2024, sales of excavators returned to the growth zone after months of decline, and the export market for excavators grew in October 2024.
9.56% of export markets are continuously rehabilitated. By export ratio, the export of excavators was relatively low by 2020, exceeding the volume of domestic sales by 54%. The export landscape of excavators has continued in recent years, indicating a sustained increase in the overseas channels, product power and brand visibility of domestic mainframes.
Figure 42: The number of excavators' exports rose from year to year, with exports accounting for approximately 47 per cent of China's main export area. In 2023, China's engineering machinery exported $21,055 million to countries along the “one-way” route, an increase of 24.1 per cent, or 47.2 per cent of total exports.
Subregionally, China's exports to countries and regions along the Asian/European/North American/South American/African/Oceania route in 2023 together amounted to $29,955 million, or 62.64 per cent, an increase of 12.05 per cent over the same period.
The export of process machinery in Asia, Latin America, Africa, and Europe has remained positive, with Africa’s exports growing at the highest rate, at 30.15%, and exports to North America and Oceania declining at about 17% (income caliber) of the global market for domestic mainframes, with room for improvement in the future.
The global cities of Caterpillar and Xiaosum remained largely above 10 per cent, with the largest share of domestic engineering and mechanics, Xu Xu Xu’s only 5-7 per cent, and China’s engineering and mechanics generated most of their revenues from regional sales in China (China’s domestic engineering and machinery market is highly nationalized), and if the Chinese region is excluded, the country’s engineering and mechanics are excluded.
In 2023, China’s major engineering and machinery manufacturers abroad accounted for about 17.2% (income gap), up from 13.4% in 2013, but the overall figure is still low, and there is still room for improvement in the future.
Pyler/Samatsu’s revenues were $41,253 million, or 16.8% and 10.4%, respectively, and there is still much room for improvement in domestic mainframes as compared to the global flagship. The US: interest-reduction, manufacturing backflows are expected to stimulate demand for engineering machinery.
In the past two years, according to the American Association of Building and Contractors, overall non-residential construction activity has increased by 31.9 per cent, and in September 2024 the total price of non-residential construction projects in the United States.
The value was $1.22 trillion (season-adjusted annual rate), an increase of 4.86% over the same year. US capital demand grew by 4.86%. Engineering machinery sales, based on off-highwayresearch statistics, reached more than 330,000 pieces of engineering machinery and equipment in the North American market (more than 90% in the United States) throughout 2023, with a further high rate of innovation, projected for 2024 in North America.
This is the first interest-reduction since March 2020, and the US is expected to heat up US property and further boost the demand for engineering machinery. The North American market is now dominated by Caterpillar, John Dheere, and China’s corporate market has a smaller share, and there is still much room for export.
Figure 47: Sales of engineering machinery in North America, Figure 48: Competition patterns in the North American Engineering Machinery Market, 2023 (income caliber) Europe: Electricization of engineering machinery is the main point of growth in the future.
In the first half of 2024, as a result of declining demand for equipment and high interest rates and energy prices in regions such as Germany, the United Kingdom and Italy, overall demand for engineering in Europe remained weak, with sales in the European region falling by 8.5% in the first half of 2024.
After China, the second largest market, Europe, sold about 2,000 electric engineering machinery products in 2023, accounting for about 39% of the global sales of electric engineering machinery. Interactanalysis projects that the penetration rate of electric excavators in the European, Middle East and African (emea) regions (with a projected penetration rate of 12%) will be North America in 2030.
Europe’s engineering machinery is expected to increase in the future, or will come from a power transition, with domestic engineering and mechanics having a strong electric advantage, and the city’s share is expected to be expected in figure 50: sales of engineering and machinery in Europe.
South-East Asia: manufacturing migration, rising urbanization rates, is expected to drive demand for engineering machinery. The pace of manufacturing migration in South-East Asia has accelerated, spurred by policies such as the regional comprehensive economic partnership agreement (rcep)
In addition to increased investment in infrastructure, higher mineral prices, and demand for engineering machinery, there is still more room for urban upgrading in South-East Asian cities than in developed countries, and it is expected that the increase in urbanization will continue to drive the need for engineering machinery. Indonesia is the largest engineering machine in South-East Asia, with an annual purchase of about $4-5 billion in engineering machinery, mainly in developed countries.
In terms of infrastructure, Indonesia’s budget for 2023 grew by 7.8% in the same year, and 55 additional infrastructure projects are projected for 2022-2024. In terms of mining, Indonesia’s coal production in 2023.
The emerging plates open up the space for growth, the weighting machine, the concrete machine has a clear advantage, the mix has a strong competitive advantage, the lift machine, the concrete machine has a significant advantage.
With more than 8-160 tons in all product categories, the country’s crane industry is now three-fold, with Xu Xu Xu, China Xu, and Trinity in the top three positions. Xu Xu has an absolute advantage in market share, and several product markets are still rising.) Concrete: Xu Qu Xu Xu became a member in 1986.
In 1995, the Xu Industries Group, in partnership with Libehael, Germany, established the Xu State Liebhael Concrete Machinery Company Ltd., which introduced concrete technology in Libreville, Germany, and Putsmeister, Germany. In 2012, the company acquired the German concrete giant Schwein, expanding the country of medium- and high-end concrete packages.
In the international market, this acquisition has significantly increased Xu's competitiveness in the field of concrete machinery and has successfully opened up international markets. The company's concrete machinery is now the world's top three.
In 2022, the company absorbed only a limited number of Xu workers. The company added assets to the production of engineering machines such as restricted excavators, concrete machines, mine machines, towers, etc., to the public company as a whole.
Well, businesses can create synergies in material procurement, R & D, and further improve the competitiveness of companies, while, with the integration of products such as the Māori-higher excavator, the overall profitability of companies continues to improve their overseas layout, following the trend of globalization and electricization.
In the late 1980s, Xu was the first country to enter the international machinery market. In 1992, Xu acquired the right to export itself. The United States R & D company, founded in 2012, acquired Schwiing, Germany, and expanded the international market for medium- and high-end concrete packages.
The European Research and Procurement Centre has further intensified the expansion of European markets. In 2014, the global acquisition of electricity and electricity from overseas - Brazil’s manufacturing base became operational. In 2023, the company established five sales subsidiaries in countries like the United Kingdom, Singapore, etc. In 2024, the company established trading-type subsidiaries in countries like Japan, Malaysia, and others.
The company has more than 40 overseas affiliates, more than 300 overseas dealers, more than 2,000 overseas service spare parts sites, and marketing networks covering more than 190 countries and territories around the world. The main export regions of the company’s products are now South-East Asia, Central Asia, Africa, South America, Europe, North America, West Asia, North Africa, Central America, Oceania, etc.
In the first half of 2024, corporate earnings from overseas operations increased, and the share of major products such as excavators, loaders, rollers, high-altitude platforms and so on increased overseas. Of these, the overseas earnings of all-ground cranes and cross-country tire cranes nearly doubled, and the excavators earned overseas.
This represents a 16% increase in the same year, a doubling of the earnings of the overseas pump, blending stations and a nearly double increase in the mixer cars. In the first half of 2024, the rate was 2.72 percentage points higher, and the share of high Maori overseas operations increased the profitability of companies.
In 2015, Xu-geun launched the country ' s first new energy (mixed) crane research project, a full-scale engineering-mechanical electrical layout in 2018, and annual company revenues from new energy products increased by the same amount. Companies are now actively promoting greening their products and operating them.
Transformation upgrades, pure electric power, mixed power, hydrogen fuel multi-technology routes to drive the development of new energy products, and the scale of revenues and penetration of new energy products lead the industry; while companies increase the resource layout of core components such as power cells, power-driven power systems, hybrid systems, and increase ownership of core components of new energy sources.
The company has a significant advantage in electric loaders, which in 2023 were sold to the top three industries, and in 2024 Xu led the drafting of national standards for the use of pure electric hydraulic excavators in the geomechanical highland tunnels, and participated in the development of all seven national standards for electric engineering machinery published this time.
Emerging plates such as mine machines, high machines, and so forth open up new and growing spaces for global mineral markets, with high market concentration. On the market space, according to PrecedenceResearch, the global market for mine equipment was about $118.3 billion in 2023 and is expected to reach $13.8 billion in 2025.
In the United States dollar, growth is driven mainly by increased global demand for mineral resources, with the value of excavating equipment (mining excavators, loaders, bulldozers, etc.) accounting for about 35% of mine equipment. On the domestic market, according to the China Heavy Machine Industry Association, revenues from the mine machinery industry in 2023 amounted to $23.51 billion, or $21 billion, respectively.
With regard to the pattern of competition, the main manufacturers of the global mine machinery market include Caterpillar, Siu-Son, Yin-Soo-Sun, and Santevik, where Cater-Pil and Siu-Song account for more than half of the market share. On the domestic front, in addition to the international giants mentioned above, they include local manufacturers such as Trio, Xu-Su, and Qui-Ku, among others.
The company’s mining fleet is growing at a high rate. Xu's mining machine was set up in 2015 to operate independently from the Ministry of Xu's Digging and Mechanics in 2018. On December 12, 2019, Xu's mining and mechanical intelligence base was inaugurated.
The revenue from the operation of Xu's mining machine increased from 1,543 million yuan in 2019-2023 to figure 62: China's overall revenue and profits from mine machinery; there is still room to increase the penetration of domestic high-altitude platforms. High-altitude operating equipment can be used for construction, outside construction.
There are several scenes of wall repair, engineering, etc., which are more efficient and secure than the traditional scaffolding. By the way, the demand for the various types of operating scenes continues to rise, high-altitude platforms are growing rapidly, with 23.12 per 10,000 per person in China in 2023, compared to 345 in China, and there are still more in the future.
The company’s high-speed business grew rapidly, with the global ranking rising from year to year. Xu's high-altitude platform was independently operated in 2016, and the company’s new high-altitude platform was officially operational in 2019. Xu’s high-altitude platform, 2020-2022, was ranked third worldwide in terms of global sales from the sixth to the third. Xu’s high-altitude platform was sold in 2023.
In 2020-2023, the company’s high-altitude machine business grew by 3,734 million yuan, and the penetration of high-altitude platforms is expected to increase, and the domestic high-altitude machine market is likely to grow rapidly. At the same time, our high-altitude business products now account for a certain share of the market in overseas markets and will continue to operate in the future with our high-altitude operations.
The company, as the leader of the domestic high-altitude platform, is expected to open up a new growth space. Figure 66: Xu's machine, Zhejiang's high-altitude platform revenue
Figure 67: The business development history of Xu's high machine and our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
In 2024, domestic cranes were sold under pressure, and future domestic engineering machinery is expected to rise back in 2025 as it is needed to upgrade, while the share of national mainframe plants abroad is expected to increase continuously.
The market for mechanical excavators abroad has continued to rise, with company revenues expected to grow steadily, with loaders on board billions of yuan, or 7/10/13 per cent more than the previous year; for Māori, as the share of overseas operations continues to rise, and for State companies concrete machinery: the growth of the overseas market for corporate concrete machinery is expected to smooth the downside of domestic real estate, and so on.
At that time, with the expected gradual recovery in the demand for concrete machinery in domestic infrastructure development, it is expected that the demand for the machinery will be collected in 2024-2026: it will come mainly from real estate and infrastructure, and it will be affected by the macro-environmental impact of the company machinery in 2022-2023, resulting in a significant decline in revenues and a low base, with the construction and upgrading of the machinery in the country in the future.
High-altitude operating machinery: Intra-altitude machinery sales declined considerably in January-October 2024, and external sales continued to grow. Given that there is still much room for development in the high-altitude industry in the country and that companies actively deploy overseas markets, it is expected that the Māori rate will rise as the scale of high-altitude operations of companies continues to rise and export ratios increase.
Mining machinery: capital spending in China's mining industry is expected to continue to grow and there is still a national alternative space, while companies actively deploy overseas markets, with an estimated revenue of 67.40/84.25/1137 million yuan in 2024-2026, compared to the higher correlation between road machinery, major and infrastructure, taking into account the overall economic situation in the country and the peri-week period.
Reconciling policy, road machinery is expected to continue to grow in the future and is expected to grow in 2024-2026, with a relatively low yield of dredgers and cranes and a stable Māori ratio. Given the company’s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the company’s soundness
(c) Ka: for pre-tax cost of debt, generally reflected in maturity rate of return on bonds, here we choose the middle aa
(b) Risk premiums: the choice of mature markets plus emerging market premiums, where we have chosen Jones Industrial Index based on a combined annualized rate of return of nearly 20 years, with a premium of 1.5 per cent.
An analysis of the sensitivity of absolute valuation The sensitivity of absolute valuations relative to wacc and constant growth rates is shown in the following table.The annual average is 14.93 times, taking into account the profitability of companies, the size of production and the volume of overseas operations.
Figure 68: Xu's machine, peband, is a trio: the company was founded in 1994 and was the leading manufacturer of engineering machinery in China and was listed in 2003. The company's products include concrete machinery, excavating machinery, crane machinery, plant machinery, surface machinery.
Concrete equipment is the world’s first brand, and the leading products, such as excavators, large-ton cranes, swirling rigs, and road rigs, have become the Chinese first brand. The company’s product sales model is based on direct sales patterns and distributors.
The product competitiveness of the three traditionally dominant industries, namely concrete machines, engineering cranes, construction start-ups, has increased steadily. The share of the market in concrete machines, arm-loaders, blending stations, and blending stations has remained at the top of the industry and the share in the market has remained at the top.
The share of the engineering crane market has kept the industry in the lead, with 25 tons and more of automobile cranes selling in the first place in the industry, with 1,500 tons and more of mounted cranes in the first place in the industry, and Chongqing, with the construction of a crane plant, has been fully launched. Willows: The company is the leader in the Chinese engineering and machinery industry, and after 65 years of development, the company’s main business area has been under construction.
At the beginning of the market in 1993, the company’s main product was a loading machine, and the market was mainly domestic. Since 2000, the company’s main business has been gradually expanded to include research and development, manufacturing, marketing, services, leasing, etc. of engineering and non-engineering machinery and accessories.
Mechanical, mechanical, industrial vehicles, compact machinery, surface machinery, concrete machinery, plant machinery, lifting machinery, mine machinery, pre-heavy machinery, agricultural machinery, engineering machinery packages, etc., more than 30 whole line items. At present, Willows has 20 manufacturing bases, 5 research and development bases, and 17 regional accessories centres worldwide.
It has become the leading global equipment and technology solution at the cutting edge of industrial technology, production and supply logistics, with the company leading the engineering machinery, with its 13 main categories of automobile cranes, vehicle cranes, ballasts, etc., ranked first in the domestic industry, with the cycle of replacement of domestic engineering machinery and the strength of domestic engineering machinery.
At sea, companies are expected to benefit fully and, in addition, as State enterprises are expected to improve their profitability and achieve faster results, on the basis of certain assumptions, relevant parameters may be estimated
We use absolute and relative valuation methods to calculate the reasonable value range of the company. But the valuation is based on optimism, which leads to the valuation being based on more assumptions, assumptions that are subjective and therefore valuation findings.
High risk; and subjectivity to income. If subsequent corporate developments or some macro-level changes in direction and magnitude do not match our expectations, growth expectations may lead to optimism.
This results in a discrepancy between valuation areas and actual results. Profit forecasts are higher than actual 1 and may lead to future optimism over estimates of growth rates of income and profits in both the corporate and semi-obvious periods.
2. The weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm ' s absolute valuation, with the assumption in our calculation of Wacc that the risk-free interest rate is 1.76 per cent and the risk premium is 8.5 per cent, and there may still be a risk of underestimation or recovery of the parameters, resulting in lower wacc calculations, leading to an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation;
3. We assume that in the next 10 years the company will grow by 1 per cent, that the industry in which the company is located may change more negatively in the next 10 years, and that the company ' s continued growth will be either low or negative in real terms, leading to high corporate valuation,4 and that we have selected companies close to the company ' s business for comparison in relative valuation, taking into account the size of the company,
Profitability, size of overseas operations, revision of the average dynamics of comparable companies, with the eventual award of 14-17 times greater to companies, may not take fully into account the risk of high valuation of the market as a whole. Our performance projections for companies are based on business growth and profitability assumptions, which involve an increase in revenue from new operations.
Assumptions such as speed, Maori rates, and time-cost rates are somewhat subjective, with possible and actual results being biased, leading to higher-than-actual forecasts of corporate profitability. The engineering and machinery industry downstream, mainly in infrastructure and real estate, is subject to greater macroeconomic influence.
The current macroeconomic environment, both domestic and foreign, is influenced by multiple factors and is characterized by weekly fluctuations. A slowdown in growth or other adverse changes could lead to an overall industry climate.
Market competition increases the risk: the engineering and machinery industry is highly competitive, the product homogenization is more intense, the market is more competitive, and firms are exposed to a certain risk of competition in the industry. The engineering and machinery industry is characterized by a trend towards electricization and internationalization, and domestic firms face not only competitive pressures from new technologies, but also new technologies.
The risk of price volatility of raw materials: the company’s production costs are more correlated with market prices for large commodities such as steel, raw iron, etc. If raw materials prices fluctuate significantly, they increase corporate control and management of production.
The high price of raw materials can have a negative impact on the company’s overall business performance. Risks of supply of core components: long procurement cycles for some of the company’s key priority parts and imported materials.
The supply chain is challenged by geo-conflicts, natural disasters, disruptions in logistics, fluctuations in demand, limited capacity and transport of suppliers of materials and spare parts, and a certain degree of winding down of supply chain security and operating costs
United States dollar accounting, influenced by the complex international situation, will have a high degree of uncertainty about future trends in overseas markets and exchange rates, which will have some impact on corporate returns. Technology development is less than expected risk: the intelligent and electrodynamic trends in the engineering and machinery industry have been evident in recent years.
New requirements are placed on technological R & D of firms. As competition in the industry increases, firms will not be able to achieve the desired results in technology R & D, R & D results will not bring the expected economic benefits, products or key technologies will be replicated or stolen by their counterparts at home and abroad, and competitors or potential competitors will take the lead in the future.
Significant technological breakthroughs, for example, may result in companies not being able to maintain their technological innovation advantages and leadership within the industry, and their continued profitability may be affected.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject