"China Business Cards", "Step Breaks" by the Big Talent, "Step Breaks" Xu Engineering (000425.sz) and "Engineers Full Series" — mixed-up aid to the world, covering for the first time a "buy-in" rating.
The company is the leader of the full-scale engineering machinery, and the emerging plates continue to break (mine machines, high-altitude platforms) on the basis of the warming of the edges of the earthy machinery. The company benefits from the recovery of Beta, while the new mining industry, mixed with Alpha, brings a new round of performance into the long term, with a steady high-scoring cash return, normality.
• The engineering and machinery industry needs a “resonance” and the pss go up, and as domestic market holdings are cleared and stock replacement needs are driven, we expect annual sales in the excavator to be expected to move ahead with policies such as upgrading and renovating the city and villages, giving the industry greater flexibility.
In January-September 2024, China accounted for 84 per cent of our exports of engineering and machinery. In 2023, the share of brand diggers abroad was 23 per cent, with 39 per cent of the share of “one-way” regions and 3 per cent of the share of Euro-American and Australian days.
The high space and profit margins of overseas markets have been key to breaking out of this round of growth. The trillion-dollar blue-sea market for mining machines is on the rise, and major global projects are breaking through, and the company’s mining machinery is one of the core growth plates in the future, home-grown, top five globally in 2023.
The global market for mine equipment, which reached $118.3 billion in size, peaked in 2009-2015 for the last round of mine equipment upgrades, with an average replacement cycle of 10-15 years, with the prospect of a new replacement. Companies are the few global firms that can develop large-scale mine machinery packages, and the global market for mine machinery continues to break.
• The power of change is global, and the big idea is to make a “triple-step” of the company's mix-up program, with the introduction of pitching, overall listing, and equity incentives. On the basis of solid fundamentals and performance, the company continues to deepen its reforms through dividends, boosts, and buy-backs, and announces its return over the next three years.
Normalization increases, etc., and creates a “Community of Destiny” between companies and investors.1 Xu Engineering and machinery: the full product of engineering machinery, the country's main instrument, the Chinese name 1.1, the full product of engineering machinery, the country's top instrument, the Chinese business card.
The company is one of the most diverse and full-fledged manufacturers of engineering machinery in the world and, while stabilizing traditional industries such as earth-side machinery, crane machinery and concrete machinery, is actively developing new industries such as high-altitude operations, mining machinery, etc.
The company focuses on technological innovation, has over 34 provincial research and development platforms, and has received a number of national science and technology advancement awards and patent awards, creating a technology-driven competitive advantage. Through continuous breakthroughs and technological innovation, Xu has successfully developed a series of world-class equipment, such as the world’s largest towers, mine cards, etc.
As of September 30, 2024, the company’s main engineering machinery and components are built by the company’s main engineering machinery, and the product’s stock structure is an example of deep convergence between local government and capital markets.
The owner of Xu's parent company, Xu, is the Xuzhou State Finance Committee, with a share of 90.53 per cent, and the finance department of Jiangsu with a share of 9.47 per cent. Through Xu's Xu Industry Group, the local government has an indirect share of 20.83 per cent of Xu's industrial machinery, which is the physical owner of the company. In addition, Xu's employee-owned platform, “Su's gold sail”, holds 1.60 per cent, and the National Fund for the Upgrading of Manufacturing Sectors.
In the top ten shareholders, apart from holding shareholders, the shareholdings of other shareholders are relatively low, and are mostly institutional investors, which helps to enhance corporate transparency and governance norms. Overall, Xu's equity structure has remained stable, with little change in the shareholdings of major shareholders.
For example, the company’s equity structure is expected to be further optimized. Figure 2: The company’s controlling owner is the Xuzhou City State Finance Committee (as of the third quarter of 2024), earning $12.96 billion in 2023, representing a global share of 5.3%, ranked third in China’s ranking.
According to the yellowtable list published by khl, in 2023 Xu's revenue was $13 billion, with 5.3 per cent of the world's cities ranked fourth in the world, and China ranked first. In 2023, Caterpillar continued to be a steady industry leader with $41 billion in income and a global share of 16.8 per cent.
Three-time jobs are the sixth largest in the world, earning $10.2 billion, or 4.2% of the global market, and the company’s competitiveness and influence in the global market continues to grow, thanks to its dominant position in the domestic market and its expanding internationalization.
Production maturity level 4 and 6 level 3 plants promote intellectual upgrading of production lines. Through the “brain change” strategy, Xu has automated key processes, the excavator plant has become more than 90% automated, and production efficiency has improved significantly, with one excavator being offline every eight minutes.
In terms of electrodynamics, Xu's machine has actively deployed new energy products covering a number of areas, such as forklifts, high-altitude vehicles, loaders, port machines, etc., and has launched more than 300 electrodynamic products. In 2023, revenues from new energy products increased by 137 per cent over the same period.
The rate of penetration of new energy sources from process mechanics and commercial vehicles is 10%. As the process of electricization accelerates, market penetration of new energy products is expected to increase further. 1.2, traditional advantage plates are growing steadily, and emerging plates such as mine machinery continue to break through.
In the traditional plates, earth machines, cranes and concrete machines continue to consolidate the company’s leading position in the market. In the emerging plates, Xu’s high-altitude platforms rank globally.
Miner machinery is at the heart of the company’s future growth, at the top of the domestic market, at the top of the world’s top five. Overall, the company’s business layout shows a steady growth in traditional business and the continuation of new business. (1) The earthly mechanical plate: the excavator industry number 2 and the loader industry number 1. In 2023, the company excavated.
The share of the machine market is 16.4%, the second highest in the country, and the sixth highest in the world; the share of the loader market is 25.5%, the second highest in the country and the second highest in the world. Land-based machinery, as a traditional advantage of Xu's machinery, is not only a national leader, but also a growing global competitiveness.
The process automation rate has reached more than 90%, and production efficiency has improved significantly, with an excavator down every eight minutes. In the first half of 2024, Xu's soil-based mechanical plate generated 13.9 billion yuan, an increase of 6.98% over the same period, demonstrating the strong growth momentum and market competitiveness of the plate.
(2) Heavy lifting units: one of the company’s most competitive products. The company’s heavy lifting units cover a variety of product categories, such as car cranes, full-ground cranes, tracked cranes, mounted cranes and tower cranes. In 2023, Xu’s share in the domestic market was 45%, keeping it in the first line of the industry.
The market share of Xu's car cranes, track cranes, tower cranes and van cranes is 39%, 43%, 23%, and 65%, respectively. In the global market, Xu's car cranes are number one, with the cranes third globally, and the tower cranes third globally.
(iii) Concrete machinery: secure in the world’s first camp. The company’s concrete machinery products include pumps, mixers, blending stations, etc., in which the pump market has a double-head pattern and the mixer market has been fragmented. Since the acquisition of the whole ball concrete machine leader, the German company Schwiing, in 2012, Xu has been in the global concrete machinery industry.
In 2023, Xu's share of revenue in the concrete machinery market was 44%, 31% and 25%, respectively, forming a “triple-up” competition (4) high-altitude platform plate: third and first in the world, the overseas market continued to break through.
Operational platform operations cover a wide range of types, including cross-cutting, curvature, straight arms, etc., and are widely applied to construction, electricity, equipment maintenance, etc. According to Access International data, Xu's high-altitude platform sales reached $1,502 million in 2023, with a global market share of 9%, and continues to be ranked third in the world.
As companies move forward in technological innovation and market expansion, the influence of Xu's machinery in the global high-altitude platform market is growing. (5) Miner machinery plates: the first five in the country and the top five in the world, one of the company's most visible plates.
Mountain machine business products include mining excavators, mine pick-up trucks, etc., and the domestic market for mine machinery is stable. Industry is number one, the world's top five, where company-produced mine machinery is already in use in several mining areas, including South America, South-East Asia, Australia.
High barriers, fixed numbers of players, company-wide long-term deployment of mine machinery, caps of global head mines mechanically installed, currently earning less than 10 billion dollars, and growing in space, are the company's best growth potential, the most visible plate 1.3, the mix of elasticity and the rapid expansion of overseas markets.
Since the second quarter of 2021, the company has been under a certain pressure to perform, owing to the decline in downstream projects, such as real estate, demand in the domestic engineering and machinery market. In 2023, business performance improved as overseas exports accelerated.
Sustained marginal improvements, especially with policy holdbacks, require a gradual domestic recovery. At the same time, firms are increasingly competitive in the global market and export performance abroad is robust. During the first three quarters of 2024, companies achieved operating revenues of $68,726 million, a 4.11 per cent decline compared to the previous quarter; the parent net profit of $5,309 million, an increase of 9.71 per cent compared to the previous year.
Sioux, the company’s mixed-up effects are released, and the company’s performance elasticity is expected to continue to be released. The company’s product spectrum is comprehensive, its business structure is relatively fragmented, and its first operating block is earth machinery, 2023, concrete machinery 11 per cent, plant machinery 4 per cent, high-altitude machinery 10 per cent, mine machinery 6 per cent, road machinery 4 per cent,
Overall, Xu's business structure is more diverse, with both traditional engineering and mechanical operations and active deployment of new and emerging areas such as high-altitude operations, mine machinery, and a stronger growth potential in terms of new energy products.
The Māori rate for earth-based and crane machinery is 25.7% and 22.6%, respectively, but the overall layout of the business provides a synergy of "1+1>2" with the introduction of high Māori-rate products, with the expansion of overseas markets and a higher Māori-market sales ratio.
This has contributed to the optimization of the product structure; on the other hand, the mix of companies has led to sustained management optimization and downscaling measures, a steady increase in internationalization and a gradual improvement in the network of overseas operations. Companies have actively promoted the internationalization strategy, with 300 overseas dealers, 40 external representatives, 11 overseas manufacturing bases and kd workers worldwide.
Plants, 2,000 offshore service parts centres, 30 overseas subsidiaries and 6 R & D centres. The company has established an international business headquarters, created an internationalized operating system of “1+14+n” with 39 overseas affiliates, 40 large offshore service spare parts centres, and marketing networks have reached 193 countries and territories worldwide.
Figure 15: Corporate globalization is well-developed, overseas markets are expanding rapidly, and globalization has recreated the “new Xu workers.” Corporate overseas operations have grown rapidly in recent years, with revenues from corporate overseas operations growing at $6.1 billion in 2020, at $37.2 billion in 2023, at a compound rate of 83 per cent, and at G-2023
The Division achieved overseas operating income of $37.2 billion, an increase of 34 per cent in the same year, representing a 40 per cent increase in total revenue, an increase of 2, a “resonance” needed in the engineering and machinery industry and beyond, an upturn of eps 2.1, a macroeconomic barometer and a bottom-up recovery.
Engineering machinery is widely used in the areas of infrastructure, property, municipalities, rural areas and mining and is considered to be a barometer of the economy.
In relation to the heat of economic activity, it is considered to be a barometer of macroeconomics. Figure 19: Engineering machinery downstream is widely applied to capital estates, municipal rural and mining core parts (cost as a percentage of costs)
Steel (cost 17 per cent): $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ other spare parts: tracked catkawasaki
Treasure steel shares, saddle steel shares, 70%: Comines, Mitsubishi, belts, shovels, rubber,
Lisbeth, Arisaki, kyb River Steel, Wallin Steel,
Henglixroth plastics, rock poles, etc.
Boschgroup core parts: motors,
Caterpillarkomatsu excavating machines, cranes.
vxcmg Zoomlian concrete machine
Samv, mine machine, lugong Willow.
The cycle ends ahead of time. We judge the next three-year dimensions of the plate to be in the air. Recavator Week.
The full cycle of engineering machinery will take about 10 years to complete, close to the average useful life of the excavator. But since then, the engineering and machinery industry has experienced a large and fast decline, with a cumulative 70% decline in intra-digger sales since 2021, reaching 70% in the second half of the year, a positive reversal in the domestic demand market, a recovery in the overseas market, and an upturn in the global share as the internal demand renewal cycle approaches.
IL, the engineering and mechanical plate is expected to reconnect internally and externally, opening a new cycle. Figure 20: Redisassembled excavator industry: current cycle or early construction, resonance internally and externally, with little change in the valuation of the plate during the profit period, mainly from the growth of the eps from engineering.
Mechanical historical market performance shows a greater focus on profitability. Normally, profits are growing over two or three quarters, allowing for a preliminary judgement of cyclical trends and positive feedback on market performance. Using three or more jobs, for example, the p-ttm is 19.6 times higher, located in the middle of the 10-year historical valuation, with a preference for flexible long-term performance indicators.
Trio, Helium Hydraulic, Xu Mechanics, Middle Union Heavy, Willows, Hills, etc. Figure 21: Trio-Pe stabilized at about 15-20 times in 2018-2021, with a piece of engineering machinery at a global level at a low value.
Pb (mrq) is only 1 to 2 times the number of companies listed as one heavy labour unit, Xu Engineering Machinery, and Central Union Heavy Section, which is well below the level of Caterpillar pb (mrq). In addition, a share of engineering machinery is low, 16.5 times the level of Catpelpe-ttm, and a share of the main engineering machinery plant p-ttm is generally about 15 times the level of sales in engineering machinery.
At the bottom of the heating period, the bottom of the cycle deserves a higher valuation, with a greater potential to increase the share of the country ' s product plates abroad, and a global value-base valuation of the engineering and mechanical plate. 2.2. The domestic demand dimension: the new cycle of renewal is approaching, with policies giving the industry greater flexibility.
The current base of sales in the excavator is at a historically low level, with limited scope for further decline. According to historical data, China’s internal market has fallen from a peak of 300,000 in 2020 to a sharp decline of 90,000 in 2023, a 69 per cent decline. In comparison, China’s market sales are also significantly lower than those in developed regions such as Europe and America: 90,000 in mid-2023, only 90,000 in mid-2023.
In Europe, 16% of total global sales, compared to 160,000 (28%) and 130,000 (23%) respectively. Flexiblely looking at the domestic market, a new life-cycle replacement cycle is approaching. The domestic engineering and machinery market is more time-sensitive, more resilient than the overseas market share.
Given the shrinking demand for downstream property, we are cautiously expecting that only 70% of the excavators will be in need of renewal. We expect that, with the demand for stock equipment replacement, the industry will be expected to start a new renewal cycle in 2025-2029, with annual sales in the excavators expected to return from 100,000 in 2024 to medium.
The engineering and machinery industry is expected to achieve greater flexibility, driven by policy. A range of potential policies, such as equipment upgrading, urban upgrading, farm water construction and countercyclical regulation, give the industry new growth dynamics, and related (1) large-scale equipment renewal policy: under the State Council ' s Promotion of Large-scale Equipment Upgrading and Consumer Exchanges.
The new programme of action, which by 2027 is expected to increase the scale of investment in equipment in priority sectors by more than 25 per cent over 2023, will increase the phase-out of obsolete equipment and directly contribute to the upgrading of engineering machinery. (2) Field water construction drives demand for small-scale equipment: the construction of high-standard agricultural land and the advancement of water and water projects.
(c) Localization of debt relieves financial pressure: the “three arrows” of local debt will effectively relieve pressure on local governments to finance and create conditions for the start-up of infrastructure projects.
(4) The upgrading of the city’s central village is driven by a variety of equipment needs: the extensive use of excavators, loaders, bulldozers and engineering vehicles in the city’s central village has led to a steady increase in the demand for related equipment. The large cities have a high potential for upgrading old houses, and the above-mentioned policy, based on the need to upgrade the industry, has significantly released market potential and given the engineering and machinery industry a greater role.
2.3. At the sea level: The key to breaking out of this cycle is the long-term logic of engineering and machinery, and the key driving force for breaking out of this cycle. In 2023, the global volume of excavators was 540,000, of which 90,000 were sold in the domestic market, 450,000 in the overseas market, and 450,000 abroad.
At the same time, in 2023, the global engineering and machinery market was $249.4 billion, an increase of 8% compared to the previous year, with the domestic engineering and machinery mainframe generating $25.92 billion, the global share of the domestic engineering and machinery mainframe being only 15%, and competitiveness not matched the global share.
In terms of global market distribution, the overseas market for engineering machinery is concentrated in North America and Europe, accounting for half of the world’s population. Since 2011, China’s share in the global market for engineering machinery has fluctuated, and has declined since 2020.
According to data for 2022, China, North America, Europe, Japan, India and others accounted for 14%, 37%, 14%, 5%, 3%, and 27%, respectively, of the global engineering and machinery market. The markets for excavators in 2023 were North America (23%), Europe (29%) and Asia and Australia (29%) respectively.
China's market share is 16%. 84% per month. According to General Customs, in January-September 2024, China's largest market for engineering and machinery exports was concentrated in the “one-way” area, accounting for 84%. These markets are similar to the demand characteristics of the Chinese market, customers.
In addition, East Asia, Central Asia and Eastern Europe together accounted for 23 per cent, the Middle East for 14 per cent, Africa for 14 per cent and Latin America for 11 per cent, respectively. Western Europe and North America accounted for less than 8 per cent and 6 per cent, respectively, and Oceania for only 2 per cent.
In terms of shares, in 2023, the country's share in the overseas share of the product plate diggers was 23 per cent, of which 39 per cent was in the “one-way” area, and 3 per cent in Europe and Australia. In 2023, the volume of the excavators in China was about 90,000, or 16 per cent of the global market; the global market was about 490,000, excluding China and abroad, of which 330,000 were in Europe and America, Japan and Australia combined, and others.
In the same period, China exported about 100,000 excavators, with 75 per cent of its Chinese product plate, and the national product plate exported about 72,000 excavators. On this basis, the overall share of national excavators in the global market in 2023 was 23 per cent. In the “one-way” area, the share of national excavators was about 39 per cent, taking into account local basics.
Without indigenous brands, this share is still not high, and the “one-way” area has a huge infrastructure needs, a higher ceiling and a higher potential for future growth. The share of the markets in Europe and the United States, Japan and Australia is only 3%. Given that the markets in Europe and the United States account for about half of the world's markets, the share of the country's product cards and base are low, and it continues to be maintained.
In terms of the distribution of export machines, the trend towards large-scale export products has helped to increase product prices and profitability. In terms of the global market for excavators, the product structure presents a distinct regional dimension: (1) Small diggers dominate markets: Europe, North America and Asia and the Pacific are dominated by small digs, mainly for municipal, rural, etc.
(b) Medium-sized excavators are excellent. (2) The main demand in the South Asian and Latin American markets is concentrated in mid-drawling, mostly for infrastructure construction. (3) Large excavators are dominated by large-scale excavations in the Middle East and Africa, mainly for heavy applications such as mine development. The share of large digs in the country was only 26% in the first three quarters of 2024, while the share of large digs in exports was 54%.
In the first half of 2024, the ratio of overseas earnings of trio, Xu Engineering and Mechanical, Middle Union Heavy, Willow and Yamato shares reached 59%, 40%, 38%, and 42%, respectively.
The Māori share of overseas operations is significantly higher than domestic levels by 67%, 47%, 56%, 60%, and 73%, respectively. This performance is due to a better pattern of competition in overseas markets, which have become a core driver of profits for major firms.
Figure 39: Overseas Māori at the mainframe plant in the first half of 2024 is higher than the domestic market Figure 38: Overseas earnings of companies in the first half of 2024 are higher than the domestic market
In 2020-2023, Trio, Xu, Xu, Qu, Liu, and Yamato, respectively, reached 76%, 126%, respectively, of the previous peaks in 2020.
Five companies earned 3.1, 6.1, 4.7, 3.4 and 4.7 times more offshore income in 2020, compared to 40: domestic and foreign revenues from mainframe plants in 2020-2023, and overseas expansion was the key to a new breakthrough in the round (in billions of yuan).
3.1 A new wave of upgrading of mine equipment, with a trillion-dollar blue-sea market on its way, is expected to start a new wave of upgrading of mine machinery. According to the data from PrecedenceResearch, the entire market for mining equipment in 2024 is estimated to be $125.9 billion, and is expected to reach $2181 billion by 2034, with annual compounding.
The growth rate was 5.6%, and total global production for mineral resources development showed a steady growth trend, with investments in global mining development reaching about $450 billion in 2023, the highest in recent years. With the growth of strategic metal demand and the advancement of the mining process, the global mineral equipment landscape is expected to improve.
Mining and mine-cards are the main mining equipment in open-air mines, representing 90% of the value. The global value of equipment in mines is 24%, grinding equipment 21%, mineral processing equipment 20%, open-air mining equipment 19%, underground mining equipment 16%.
In the case of mines, 30 per cent of the excavators, 60 per cent of the cards, 3 per cent of the flats, 3 per cent of the loaders, 2 per cent of the shovels and 1 per cent of the bulldozers, respectively, and 1 per cent of the other support equipment.
Xu is the leading Chinese company in the world that can develop and manufacture large-scale mining machines. The company’s open-air mine machinery package is widely used in open-air mines, large-scale hydroworks, and is primarily responsible for mining, loading, transporting, and sifting minerals.
The whole process of “drilling, digging, transporting, and breaking” is a set of specialized mining machinery products. Of this, the 700 tons of mining excavators developed by companies on their own are the largest tonnage in China; and the 440 tons of mine offloaders (two-bridges) are the largest in the world, filling the global market gap.
The company ' s mine machinery has made steady breakthroughs in the global market, smart green mines, and several major projects have been signed: (a) the Litong Simandou project: in August 2024, the Xu Engineering Mechanics and Ltao Group successfully signed a contract in Guinea, with a total of 40 pieces of equipment, including 34 mine cards and 6 flat-ground machines, with a contract of close to 800 million yuan.
(ii) fmg project: Xu Engineering signed a cooperation agreement with the third largest Australian mining company, fmg, during the Shanghai BMW exhibition in November 2024, to provide more than 100 electrodynamic equipment, including electric mining cards and electrical fittings.
Xinjiang Energy Project: May 2024, Xinjiang National Energy Company, Xinjiang National Energy Company, Xu Engineering Machinery, provided
28 hydraulic excavators and 103 xde130 mine vehicles with a total value of more than RMB 1 billion. (4) Freshwater Valley Project: Xu Engineering Machinery entered into strategic cooperation with the Freshwater Valley and signed a memorandum of cooperation on the potential supply of mining and infrastructure equipment, including zero-emission and autopilot equipment.
(5) Unmanned Technology: In collaboration with a number of companies, since 2019 the company has developed three unmanned mine cards autonomously in the mountain of Inner Mongolia, successfully responding to formations in extreme weather conditions and working on unmanned projects in collaboration with vehicles, Hyeto and the Union, etc., to commercialize long-range driving in the flat coal mine project in 2022.
In addition, copper and steel have been used in remote driving techniques for excavators.
In 2020, the group promoted the mix, divided into “three steps”: introduction of strategic investors, overall listings, and equity incentives (1) First step: introduction of a war pitch. In 2020, Xu Xu initiated a limited mix of workers, completed the transfer of shares and the introduction of strategic investors, and Xu Xu's limited registered capital from 1,253 million yuan.
To 2,457 million yuan, to maintain State-owned ownership, with the introduction of 12 strategic investors and employee-owned platforms, and the effective integration of State and private capital. (2) Step two: total listing. In 2021, Xu was able to absorb Xu's limited assets.
Completion of the list, full overall listing in the third quarter of 2022, stable equity structure, and Xu Engineering Group as the largest shareholder of Xu Engineering Machinery. (3) Third part: equity incentives. In 2023, Xu Engineering further developed its reforms and issued restrictive shares.
The stimulus plan, which covers all senior and middle-level managers, reflects the company's interest in shareholders.
Figure 47: Xu's mechanical mix-up programme: Introduction of strategic investors, incorporation of group assets, such as convection excavators, diversification of the company's product structure and improvement of asset quality.
After the start of heavy machinery as the company ' s first operating block, with an income share of 32.3 per cent, and the 2023 shift into group assets, the share of earthly machinery in the company ' s operations rose to 24.3 per cent, becoming the first operating block, and the share of crane machinery decreased to 22.8 per cent, while the share of spare parts for engineering machinery also decreased, from 22.5 per cent in 2021.
In 2023, the company issued a restrictive equity incentive scheme to award 118 million shares to no more than 2,000 directors, executives, core technical and business personnel, taking into account factors such as the state of development of the company and the industry in which it is located.
At the end of the income spectrum, Xu's recovery has continued at a much higher rate than the industry level in 2023 and 2024, h1, slowing down to 25.4% and -5.15% as the industry has built up and increased, while Xu's share of the benefits has increased, the product structure has been optimized and the harvests have been equal.
The Division's profitability has increased more than the industry.Figure 51: Since 2021, Xu's machinery has grown better than the industry. 4.2. Launching a global investor return plan for the next three years and building a “Community of Destiny”
In 2022, the company completed a full listing and a change of board of directors, and management placed a high priority on investor returns, enhancing investor confidence and building a “world of destiny” through increased holdings, buy-backs and cash dividends. Over the past three years, the company had accumulated $6,616 million in cash transfers.
On 27 July, the company released the Global Investor Return Plan for the next three years (2025-2027), giving high priority to shareholder returns, building a “Community of Destiny” between companies and investors, the main measures being:
(iii) Investor returns: investors/representatives holding Xu's shares for three months, twice a year, have the opportunity to purchase Xu's mechanical products (e.g., Xu's mechanical product model); Xu's mechanical experience room; and
Xu's mechanically intelligent pilotage plant can offer a free “study tour” to investors/appointed delegates and their children who have held three months of the year's stock. We believe that the company has both a back-up industry in Beta, and a new mining industry in Al.
By doing so, performance is expected to enter a new round in the long term; on the basis of performance growth, the firm ' s stable and high-scoring share of the profits of investors provides a significant cash return, and the growth of normality is a sign of confidence in the development of large shareholders and helps to stabilize market value growth, resulting in our core assumptions for the company ' s operations, as follows:
(1) earth machinery: given the downward flow of earthly machinery, such as excavators, and the closing of the renewal cycle, the market abroad, with the recovery of the economy, the build-up of the strong competitiveness of domestic manufacturers, and the continuation of the logic of the out-of-sea movement of engineering machines, we (2) cranes: they are suppressed by the start of downstream production, there is still a certain decline in the in-house cranes, and exports are growing at a faster rate than ever.
(3) Concrete machinery: similar to cranes, concrete machinery is mainly driven by downstream property, while still in the country (4) mine machinery: the company ' s mining machinery is in high demand both domestically and overseas, and is an emerging part of the company ' s focus (5) engineering machinery spare parts: as other products develop steadily, the business as a whole is gaining momentum, I
For comparable companies, we have selected the same trio as the engineering and machinery industry, the constant hydraulic pressure, the central weight division, the Willows, and the Yamamoto shares as comparable companies, which, from a valuation point of view, have a low valuation level in the domestic engineering and machinery plant.
There are also stable high-scoring and normal-stated incremental configuration values, which cover the first time that a “buy-in” rating is given.1 The industry is subject to cyclical fluctuations. The engineering and machinery industry is more cyclical, and may have an impact on the demand for corporate products if capital, real estate investments are not on schedule, or industry cycles fluctuate significantly.
Engineering and machinery are more sensitive to macroeconomic policies and, if they do not have the same level of capacity, may have adverse effects on the downstream of the industry and consequently on the marketing of products,3 and overseas markets are not expanding as expected. Companies export more and international trade is subject to a number of destabilizing factors.
These factors can lead to uncertainty about companies going out to sea, including the international political environment, the state of economic development, industrial policies, exchange rate policies, and maritime transport. 4 - Increased competition in the industry.
This could lead to a decline in the overall profitability of the industry, which in turn could affect the performance of the company.