\triangleright \triangleright
The growth of 8.3 per cent in the same year, the realization of a net return of $7.3 billion, a 15.8 per cent increase in the same year, and a net gain of $6.68 billion, a 3.5 per cent increase in the same year in the realization of a non-repatriation return.
\triangleright’s performance has improved significantly, with revenue rising at a rate of almost nine years, except for business gains and losses, where net profits have risen to a new level since the Director’s listing, with ebitda amounting to $99 billion, which is also the same as the company’s listing.
On the other hand, mobile account users account for more than 320 million households, with a 56% penetration rate for the 5g package, which is accompanied by continuous improvement in the user structure, a positive growth in mobile user arpu for the third consecutive year and a significant improvement in the quality of operations. The fixed network operations show a 75% penetration rate, a first 100 yuan integration of the arpu value, and a strong momentum for household market development.
Looking ahead to 2023, the company proposes to implement the strategic planning system 1+9+3 in depth, using new weather as a driving force for high-quality development to achieve new results, with digital networking and smart Chinese-style modernization, with specific objectives, Ma Tianjing
The focus on services income has remained robust, net profits have continued to grow in double digits, and net asset returns have continued to rise.s010521100003 Innovative operations, represented by clouds, have continued to grow at a high rate, building core corporate growth engines: corporate industries
\triangleright Internet operations achieved revenue of $70.5 billion in 2022 and increased both in size and in speed, with the same speed of growth, Maga Wei
Twenty-nine percent of them are connected, with an income of 8.6 billion yuan, a 42 percent increase in the same year, and 390 million yuan in the same year, a 58 percent increase in the same year. In the area of cloud computing, the connection cloud continues to grow at a doubling rate, reaching an income of 36.1 billion yuan, a 121 percent increase in the same year.
1. China Connect (600050.sh) event review: 900m domesticated mainstream hardware and software products to meet clients’ domestic production needs.
Hz band was approved for 5g commercial, and network competitiveness was further advanced Corporate arithmetic network asset spending continued to rise to $12.4 billion in 22 years (+16.8 per cent of year), with 23 years projected: steady growth in basic business and high growth in industrial Internet
The distribution of dividends is higher than expected, and shareholder returns continue to increase: the company values shareholder returns high, 2022 steady progress in solid migration operations, accelerated growth of the industrial Internet - 20 rating: focus on five major players, full-scale dynamic digital economy - 2
Review: Double-tracking: double-speed revenue collection, industry Internet quality development with significant overall success, with cloud-based innovation accelerating the creation of a second growth curve
Lines to build core growth engines for companies. Maintain the `recommended' rating. \triangleright builds shares less than expected and costs less controlled than expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.