The sale of low-pressure electrical appliances has increased steadily, and policy support services are expected to increase significantly.
The profit was 1,844 million yuan, or +186 per cent; the change in the fair value of the company ' s holdings of controlled shares in technology had an impact on the net profit of the public sector of $17 million; the net profit from the elimination of this factor was 1,827 million yuan, or 9,371 million yuan, or +5.16 per cent, of the operating income; and the net profit from the return was 1,723 million yuan, or the same amount.
There has been a steady growth in low-pressure electrical operations, with two direct sales outlets.
Over 100,000 end channels, with over 96% coverage at the local and municipal levels, over 83% coverage at district and district levels, and national coverage at the channel network. By providing personalized, customized services to head clients, the company quickly expands its direct sales operations, and during the reporting period the company directly sells about $1.5 billion, or +70%, of its operations.
In terms of electricity equipment, the country’s electricity grid, the southern grid, etc., has been continuously served, and in terms of communications, China has been able to expand its top customers, such as China, China’s communications, China’s movement, and China’s connectivity.
With high material prices, more than 40 clients have been able to re-deal with signed individual items, successfully manage and further enhance manufacturing capacity, the average production efficiency of the company ' s perc battery has exceeded 23 per cent, and the efficiency of the development of the n topcon battery has exceeded 24.2 per cent in the first half of the year.
1.05gw to reach 1,946 million kWh of electricity generation, and over 400,000 service clients. Following the introduction of the "Distributed Photovoltaic District Push" policy, the company and the national electricity project jointly launched the "Cang County Push Solutions - China ' s Zero Carbon Village White Paper", a subsidiary of Chang Taien and Hunnan Qingyang City, Fuji Qiancheng County and Shandong.
A cooperative framework agreement has been signed with the governments of the city of Ping Qing, which is expected to bring about an increase in the company's domestic loading business.
7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. Risk of price volatility in the industrial chain: risk of policy change: risk of technological overlap in the photovoltaic industry, etc.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.