In 2021, a high rate of low-pressure sales was reported, and households started to fly with light. The market forecast was $16.24 billion, or 11.16 per cent, in 2021h1.
In terms of the collection structure, the revenue from direct domestic sales of low-pressure appliances has increased by more than 70% over the same period; the household use of photovoltaics has increased, while the operation of photovoltaic components has been somewhat delayed. The Māori rate has declined as a result of large price increases and business restructuring.
Prices continue to rise and the share of light-voltage camp rises, with 2021h1 Māori rates of 28.15%, the same ratio -3.18 pct continuing to be pressured. But by raising prices to downstream distributors, hedging raw materials, etc. Speed: quantitative increase in distribution channels, high growth in outright sales targeting large clients, overseas localization
The strategy went well. 1) In the first half of the year, $5,870 million was collected in sales, an increase of 14.83%. Channel networks have been expanded, with the Blue Sea Plan binding the interests of core distributors and efficiency gains. 2) Direct sales have moved into fast lanes, with new energy, industry, etc., leading to a smooth and sustained expansion of multi-sector customers.
In the first half of the year, about 1.5 billion yuan was collected, a 70 per cent increase over the same period. 3) Overseas operations, electrical, Egyptian plants to implement the localization strategy, and the launch of the International Blue Sea Scheme, luminous voltage: 2,021h1 battalion, $5,504 million, or 14.69 per cent.
Tsedong's winding up, power station operations still contribute to a stable profit, pepc is robust, and the components are under pressure. 1) Households use the whole county to drive the east wind to speed up their flight, adding 1.05gw (rent model) to sales mode 281mw in the first half of the year, for a total of 1.33gw in 2021.
(a) Station capacity of 6.55gw, equal to +50.5%, with structure tilted upwards towards distributed power stations;
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
During the high-growth period, our firm increased its net return profit for 2021-2023 by $4.58 billion, and its low-pressure recovery was significant, and its sales went straight.
2021h1 + 11% of the same income, and net profit from the elimination of the controlled technology has been largely equal. 2021h1 achieved operating income of $16.24 billion, an increase of 11.16% in the same year; net profit from the parent company of $1,844 million, an increase of 1.86% in the same year; Summary of the impact of the controlled technology, a net profit from the transfer of the controlled technology of $1,827 million, an increase of 0.92%. Of this total, 2021q2 became operational.
Revenues of $9,371 million, an increase of 5.16 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to mothers of $1,723 million, an increase of 17.31 per cent in the same year. According to the collection structure, low-pressure electrical margins tend to be good, and household photovoltaics are growing rapidly.
The Māori rate has been reduced by substantial increases in prices and restructuring of operations. Prices of raw materials, such as copper, silver, silicon, have continued.
In terms of volume, as at 2021h1, there were 525 first-tier distributors, second-tier distributors, 5,000 more than 100,000 end-lines, 96 per cent coverage at the local and municipal levels, 83 per cent coverage at the district and district levels, and channels.
The advantages have been further consolidated; in addition, the co-arrangement of the down-line shop in the Up-to-Street City Plus has continued unabated. 2) In qualitative terms, Operation Blue Sea was launched at the end of 2020, with the company taking the lead and the core distributors forming a regional marketing subsidiary with a shareholding on the one hand, with a shareholding and an appropriate preference for the distributor in the distribution of profits;
On the one hand, it is relatively more advantageous to develop a small incremental number of customers in the name of the “Norte subsidiary” without affecting the dealer's original business. On the other hand, as far as the pace of progress is concerned, 2021h1 has established 24 new sales companies with core distributors.
Over. Direct sales focus on six major industries: real estate/electricity/new energy/communications/industry/capital construction, leading customers in more than 60 subsectors, power industry binding the National Network, the South Net and completing six local city/power tri-product market access; telecommunication in the area of self-researching 5g circuit breakers into the Chinese supply chain, and idc in the Internet, including Alibaba.
We expect the company to sell its business directly into the development fast track, and to reverse overseas, accelerating expansion. International operations are less affected by the epidemic this year, relying on Singapore’s solar photovoltaic power.
The Egyptian plant, a joint venture of gas and egemac, implemented a global localization strategy and launched an international version of the Blue Sea Plan into a new phase of development. A total of 1,293 million yuan, or 55.26 per cent, was generated by 2021h1; and the future is expected to increase with the globalization of companies, the overall recognition of overseas brands and the growth of low-pressure overseas operations.
Photovoltage: 2,021h1 battalion collects $5,504 million, i.e. 14.69% of the year. The household has a strong leader, a strong leader, and the power station is still operating with a steady profit, pc is robust, and its components are under pressure. The household has a strong leader, who uses the policy wind to speed up the flight.
The announcement of a pilot project for the development of the entire county's roof distribution (municipality and district) created a new working tone for the whole county to promote the distribution of the fluorescent and the revitalization of the village. The “East Wind” policy of the city continued to land the entire county, and an announcement was issued on 5 August 2021 that the entire county's roof distribution could be promoted by the country.
On a pilot basis, a cooperative framework agreement was signed with the relevant government departments, involving a total installed capacity of about 980 mw. The company added a new installed capacity of 1.05 gw (rent model) in the first half of the year, and a sales business model of 281 mw: in 2021, we expect to achieve an additional load of more than 4 gw.
The power station has a stable profitability and its structure is tilted upwards towards distribution. 2021h1 light-voltage station has a capacity of 6.55gw, +50.5% by year. The distribution is 5.02gw, 70.2% by year, and a concentration of 1.52gw, with high cost tests for raw materials, pc, and components under pressure. 2021h1 silicon is rising faster for the company.
We estimate that there is still a loss in the first half of the year due to the pressure on the income of the pec and the profitability of the components, which is partly affected by price increases to downstream customers. Cash flow falls, stock rises, receivables go with low voltage.
There has been an increase in the scale of direct sales operations, among other things. Net cash flows from business operations in 2021h1 have increased by $605 million, profit forecasts and investment proposals: with low-pressure appliances moving faster than in the past, and household photovoltaics entering a high-growth period, Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, has had a portfolio investment advisory.