Research Assistant Xu Sheng incident: on 9 April 2022, six national-owned and 20-large transport aircraft left China to arrive in China.
On that day, six national-produced-20-large transport aircraft arrived in Serbia from China and paid the first Fk-3 anti-aircraft missiles, demonstrating the successful and phased construction of the strategic air force of the Liberation Army.
Super-distance delivery capability.  Completion of year-round business plan targets, 2022q1 performance grew rapidly. In 2021, the company achieved a revenue of $34,088 million, an increase of 24.79 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $1,696 million, an increase of the same year.
The increase of 29.00% over the same year, the increase of 47.50% over the same year in the net profit on the parent, and the increase in the non-net profit over the same year is mainly due to the increase in interest income.  Contract liabilities & advances increased significantly, and performance is expected to continue to release.
Higher than $10,954 million in 2020, the significant increase in associated deposits and contractual liabilities is evidence of the high profile of the industry and the advancement of the large-scale procurement model, implying strong downstream demand and an increase in orders, indicating that companies are actively preparing for production and are expected to continue to release their performance.
In 2022, our military spending rose, our equipment purchases rose as a percentage of military spending, and the recent conflict in Russia and Ukraine demonstrated once again the importance of air control in the present-day war. Our air force plans will be based on three generations of aircraft and four generations of aircraft.
For the backbone of the strategic air force and the creation of the world's first-class air force in mid-century, the company, as the leader of the country's main aviation plant, will assume the heavy responsibility of large-scale reloading and upgrading of fighter aircraft.
The associated fleet of aircraft is also expected to be released on a continuous basis.  Profit forecast and investment rating: based on the high profile of the military industry during the 1455s and taking into account the leading position of the Department in the field of domestic strikers, we expect a net profit share for the period 2022-2024.
China has three financial forecasts for Shen Fei.