March 31, 2017: The United States Group released its annual report for 2016 on March 31, 2017, and the company performed well. In 2016, the company achieved a gross operating income of $15,841 million.
The United States group (000333.sz) is a truly diverse, global conglomerate: the United States group is a global technology group that operates the heating, air-conditioning and white power industries + small household power + industrial automation + robotics + domestic electricity, providing users with a one-stop high-quality family life service that covers the whole product line, the full product category.
Adjustments, ranging from product leadership, efficiency drive, to global operations, have become a truly diversified, international leader. Over the past five years, companies have invested more than $20 billion in research and development, 17 research centres have been established in eight countries around the world, with over 300 foreign senior experts, and companies are committed to creating a new global open platform for differentiation and product leadership.
Li Dan Research Assistant Industry solidly upgraded global asset allocation: internationalization and global operations are long-term strategic objectives of companies, which have promoted a series of major mergers and acquisitions for the expansion of new industries, layouts, the upgrading of global markets and brand influences, the completion of 80.1 per cent of the stock transfer process for Toshiba electricity in June 16 years, and the 16-year merger of Toshiba power in the United States.
With an increase of $7,524 million in revenue and a net profit of $32 million, the synergy between US and Toshiba power is evident. US overseas revenues are close to 50% of total corporate sales, Li Jin Research Assistant $64 billion in 16 years, products are exported to more than 200 countries around the world, and major products such as empty ice washings, microwave ovens, dishwashers, etc. are running in the middle of overseas exports.
The company’s overall Māori ratio has risen by 1.47 percentage points over 16 years, while the electricity vendor’s overall sales have exceeded $23 billion and continues to be the largest online. New industries continue to be deployed in global intelligence-making: the US continues to insist on global business and regional market expansion, gradually integrating global assets, and increasing global competitiveness.
The company creates a new industry based on a Kuka platform (which was completed in January 17) and is built around robotics and artificial intelligence, "Experientally managing the entire value chain, with steady improvement in business performance."
In January 17, the acquisition of Israel’s high-tech company, Servotronix, continued to enrich the beautiful technology and product equipment in the field of movement control and automated solutions, perfect the layout of the robotic industrial platform, and smart manufacturing became the company’s core strategy for the future. Globally, industrial robots are in the US city of Toshiba, where the growth of performance was expected to improve.
The growth process in the Chinese market has a strong potential for cooperation, and industry's 4.0 will drive the future achievements of the Kuka. Profit predictions and ratings: we expect the company to become a parent with net profits of 160.56, 176.24, 20,320 million yuan in 2017-2019, based on the latest stock stock stock of the Sinda Securities Company, Inc.
Itd calculates that the respective shares are $2.49, $2.73 and 3.15, respectively. Taking into account the good market occupancy and development potential of the United States group, the company “buys the 9th House of 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City”
Risk factors: less efficient logistics and service systems to support electricity supplier development; less rapid and less demand for economic development in China; less likely consumption escalation; long-term low development of premises \triangleright; weak global economic growth.
Li Dan, Research Assistant. Graduated from the London School of Political Economy, a double master of market science and information management, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2015. Former Director of the China Region of the Global Fashion Department of the Ambrose European Advisory Union.
Li Xing, Research Assistant. Master of Science, University of Newcastle, United Kingdom. One year of experience in financial accounting.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.