East Asia’s American Group (000333.sz)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company basics (Yoy+11.40%). Decomposition of kuka and Toshiba electricity combined, US Group 2017
Quarterly operating income increased by 33 per cent over the same period and net profits attributable to the parent company increased by 22 per cent over the same year. Strong sales in air conditioners + high exports of ice-washing small household appliances: according to industry online, the volume of air-conditioning/ice tank/washer shipments in the United States was 26/17/17 per cent over the same quarter, with internal sales increasing by 47.5 per cent per 11 per cent and exports increasing by 47 per cent per 11 per cent.
Quick 15/37/40/m; rapid growth in the export of frozen, washed and small household electricity from air conditioners is the main reason for the higher than anticipated growth in revenue from the Department’s original operations. Merger and purchase operations are in good condition: CK 201 billion (Yoy+26%), net
Two hundred million yuan (yoy+27 per cent) in profits and good business growth; $3.78 billion in Toshiba Electric Camp, 1. " Performance is more than expected, long-term value is shining -- America’s group net profit – $190 million, business performance is better than ever.
The total impact on the company’s performance, after deducting the amortization of goodwill (US$ 600 million) on the stock cards, is US$ 590 million. “Promote profitability continues to improve, looking ahead to performance in the second half of the year – US dollars.
The profit margin decline is less than expected. A combination of low Māori operations and the high prices of raw materials in the first quarter of the year.
Operating efficiency & stable asset quality: 2017q1 inventory days and accounts receivable days +3.3 days and -2.6 days respectively. Cash acquisition cards resulted in a significant increase in short-term borrowing rings of $29.1 billion to $32.1 billion, but companies were well run and cash-rich, and cash flows from operating activities up by the same quarter.
The company’s white power poles are strong, operating efficiency and corporate governance are being optimized, internationalization and diversification efforts are opening up room for growth and looking for a long-term positive growth of beautiful groups.
In addition, the United States Group projected net profits of $170, 196, 22.6 billion in 2017-19 for Weili1@gjzq.com.cn
Merger-purchased enterprises did not perform as expected: raw material prices rose significantly: competition in the market increased significantly.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.