With the exception of Kuka and Toshiba's electric appliances, there was a 31% increase in the previous business of the United States in the first quarter. As a result of Maori pressure and the sharing of purchase prices, net profits grew at a rate of 11% per year, less than income.
Quick. Cutting off the balance sheet, net profits grew by 22% over the same year. Income grew at a rate that was expected: US income grew by roughly the same amount as we expected. Corporate business grew by 31% over the same year, driven mainly by the growth in air conditioning and washing machine operations.
The 18% acceleration in the fourth quarter of last year, with three major business plates (robots, systems integration, and Rishigs) strong points, suggests that the rise in the cost of raw materials continues to put downward pressure on the profit margins of the previous quarter. However, as commodity prices begin to stabilize and companies begin to raise prices, we expect the pressure on the profit margins to begin in the second quarter.
The sales management cost rate is stable: the sales management cost for companies was 17% in the first quarter of 2017, roughly the same as 18% in 2016. We believe that companies have a strong record in cost control (sales 2014 - 16 sales have failed to continuously increase market share and profit margins through product upgrades; failed to integrate and automate the stock cards successfully
We, Ikem, Liao, cfa, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns, industry status, and management levels of cash investments (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Ijian: a share of consumer durables. Liao Ying Hau: a share of media, a share of food beverages, a share of Chinese consumer goods. a share of consumer durables: Goli Electrics, American Group, Qingdao Haile. a share of food drinks: Gui Goon, Yoo River shares, Kotai, Jinzhou cellar, Qingqing Chi, Shanxi Li, Qingjia beer (a), five grain fluids.
(a) The media: Au Fung Entertainment, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weihua, Blue Cursor, South-China Media, Media Division, Guangzhou, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Min Ju, Technology, Manda House Line, Hua Tseng. Consumer goods in China: Shun Yuan, Light Dairy Industry, Modern Pastorism, Hua Yun Start-up, Mon Niu Dai Industry, Masters ' Stock Holdings, Qingji Island Beer (h), Unity Enterprise, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli.
In the next three months, Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the United States Group (rmb34.92) and Goldman Sachs has an investment bank customer relationship with the United States Group (rmb34.92) over the past 12 months.
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
One of them represents its view of the investment prospects of the subject under the industry's history and/or valuation. Attractive: (a) investment prospects for the next 12 months are better than the historical fundamentals of the scope of the study and/or estimates Suspension of ratings (rs): We have suspended the granting of investment ratings and price targets for such stocks because of a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High-City Securities.