Toshiba, Kuka and their schedule bring higher than expected growth in revenue: recent Japanese-American groups published a quarterly report in 2017, and companies achieved business income of 59.756 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 55.85 per cent compared to the previous year, and became part of a listed United States group (000333.sz)
Overseas acquisition projects with high growth in revenues: US-based groups increased their operating income by 56 per cent in the first quarter, thanks to acquisitions of projects such as Kuka and Toshiba, combined with air conditioners to replenish their stocks. In the first quarter of 17 years, Kuka and Toshiba were operating well. Of this, the Kuka Group achieved a revenue of $5,807 million, or about 10 per cent of the total business of the Department, an increase of 26 per cent, and a net profit of $196 million, an increase of 27 per cent. Toshiba electricity generated a revenue of $37,77 million, or 27 per cent.
The business of the Kuka Group has continued to grow effectively, and there has been an improvement in the performance of Toshiba power. There are synergies in overseas M&A expansion: internationalization and global operations are the company’s long-term strategic objectives, with the company completing 80.1% of the share transfer of Toshiba electricity in June of 16 years.
Toshiba's products are spread across 35 countries around the world, with companies predicting a 16% compound increase in overseas revenue from Toshiba from 2016 to 2020. Toshiba expects a 15% reduction in costs and a 1.5-fold increase in operational efficiency by 2018. Li Xian Research Assistant
Good money: The United States has achieved a better growth in the product lines of its former master industry in the first quarter, with a 31% increase in business earnings and a 22% increase in net profits compared to the previous quarter, if merger and purchase schedules are removed, and a better than expected increase in business earnings. The company is of excellent quality and well-funded, with cash flows from its operations reaching $7 billion in the first quarter of 17 years, an increase of 6.7% compared to the same period: total funds amount to $978.8 billion, an increase of 27% compared to the same period, and total corporate capital now accounts for a better than total asset ratio.
The corresponding returns are calculated at $2.48, 2.73 and $3.14 per share. Taking into account America’s group’s good market occupancy and development potential, companies are maintained to “buy out the All-Commodity Proficiency Management, which has steadily improved business performance.”
Risk factors: less efficient logistics and service systems to support electricity supplier development; less rapid and less demand for economic development in China; less than expected upward trends in consumption; long-term low growth in production at premises such as Toshiba, which supports improved performance growth; and weak global economic growth.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Li Dan, Research Assistant. Graduated from the London School of Political Economy, a double master of market science and information management, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2015. Former Director of the China Region of the Global Fashion Department of the Ambrose European Advisory Union.
Li Xing, Research Assistant. Master of Science, University of Newcastle, United Kingdom. One year of experience in financial accounting.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.