On 4 May, the American group, together with the Kuka Group and the Toshiba Electric High Authority, organized an investor communication meeting in Shenzhen. The study published on this day: “Developing as a global leading white power enterprise; buying in.” Here are some of the highlights of our summary session.
Kuka is at the heart of the automated business strategy: America’s management plans to build an automated raw system centred on Kuka. The Kuka’s business goal is to achieve Euro1 billion in revenue and a 7.5% ebit rate by 2020. To further increase profitability, the Kuka plans to pay more attention to customized products and high value-added uniforms.
At the same time, America’s group will help Kuka expand the domestic customer base in China and control production costs through co-procurement. Multi-brand strategy: US management states that companies will pursue multi-brand strategies to meet different market demands while focusing on high-end areas.
For everyone's electricity products, the company will use aeg: For small home appliances, the beauty will be introduced more into Toshiba's appliances and beauty health appliances. Management also plans to improve cost controls and marketing by 2017.
Toshiba's business will be profitable again. Income/profit prospects for 2017: Management expects total revenue to exceed RMB 200 billion in 2017, and a two-quarter profit rate will rise to 2016 levels. According to management, all the air-conditioning stocks through all channels have been touched by the “t+3” reform measures.
The Kuka business failed/failure to achieve automation goals.
Therefore, investors should take into account that there may be a conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report, and should not look at information, see appendix to the disclosure of information, or contact your investment representative. We, Ijian, Liao, cfa, hereby affirm that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal perceptions of the companies or their securities.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit in the regional research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
Volatility calculations are adjusted for dividends. Quantum quanttum is a highly proprietary database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommend proposals. The gssustain list of concerns covers industry-led enterprises that we believe have a continuing competitive advantage over their global counterparts and an excellent return of capital, and therefore are expected to perform well in the long term. Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the following three dimensions: cash returns on cash investments, industry status, and management levels (corporate governance).
• The effectiveness of the management of industry's environmental, social and corporate governance problems: Ijian: a share of consumer durables. Liao Yung Ha Hau: a share of media, a share of consumer durables, a share of food beverages, a share of consumer goods of China.a A share of consumer durables: Glyceries, American conglomerates, Qingdao Haile.
A set of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River, Guizhou Maotai, Chenzhou, Qing Qingqing, Shanxi, Qingjia, Qingjia beer (a) and Qingjia.a A set of media outlets: Aufi Entertainment, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weihua, Blue Curtain, South Central Media, Media Division, Province Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Oriental Pygmy, Moi-Chu, Wanda Line, Hua Tsai.
China’s consumer goods: Ying Yuan, Light milk industry, modern livestock industry, Hua-Yun entrepreneurship, Mon-Nu dairy industry, Master Kang’s shareholding, Qingjia beer (h), Unified Enterprise, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli’s shares. Corporate-related statutory disclosures.
Goldman Sachs has an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: the American group (rmb36.15) has a rating, research industry, and rating and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a buy-in or sell-out rating and has an active rating (i.e. a stock that is not suspended, has not been rated, has suspended research or has not been studied) is considered to be a neutral rating.
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Board. Moreover, each regional investment assessment board manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, one of which represents its view of the investment prospects of the subject on the basis of the historical basis of the industry and/or valuation.
Targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): we have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we have not conducted research on the company. No or no research. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.