The American group (0003333.sz)
Wang Wei-chul and his collection, and asset premium amortization affect performance Corporate performance: $20 billion in operating income for company 201.7q1, yoy+55.4% net profit recorded
Four hundred and fifty million yuan, yoy+11.4 per cent, plus 0.67 per cent, and the company's performance was slightly lower than expected, and the growth in the previous business was significant: the rapid growth in corporate revenue was due in part to the arrival of newly acquired businesses such as Toshiba and Kuka, among which Kukao 1 was a positive one, over the same period last year.
The current revenue is $5.8 billion, yoy + 26 per cent, and the Toshiba electric power is $3.78 billion. In addition, the company’s former business, driven by the sale of real estate, has recovered considerably: the company’s previous business has grown by 31 per cent over the 31 per cent increase, with air conditioning expected to grow faster.
Asset premium amortization affects performance: Kukaq1 net gain of $200 million, yoy + 27%, and Toshiba electricity loss of $190 million. Overall, the net profit contribution of the purchase firm to the company as a whole in the current period is limited.
The net profit of the company grew by 22% in real terms. In terms of the Māori rate, the company ' s combined Māori ratio of 201001 was 25.3%, a 5 percentage point decline in the same year.
Interest rates are lower than the combined Māori rate of the company’s original business and are also expected to be partially offset by an increase in the company’s financial cost ratio by 0.4 percentage points to -0.3% over the same period.
The internationalization strategy is advancing steadily: companies are moving forward with their internationalization strategy through the acquisition of Toshiba, clivet, etc., to enhance brand power and technology. The acquisition of kuka will boost the company.
In addition, we believe that companies can work together with the Kuka Group to open up a vast market for Chinese robots and to open up new growth points.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: Looking ahead, we believe that short-term companies will continue to sustain a rapid growth in white electricity output, and that, in the medium and long term, the company’s integration of Toshiba, clivet, etc., will enhance its technological strength and global influence, which will benefit the company’s long-term development.
The group would position the company directly at the high point of intelligent manufacturing, increase efficiency and expand new increases, whichever is expected (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.