Kuka and Hwa are working together, and 5g are making more Chen's sails.
Kuka signed a memorandum of understanding with China to expand cooperation on a global scale, and Kuka signed a memorandum of understanding with China on 9 June 2017 to expand cooperation on a global scale.
The memorandum of understanding, with technical cooperation for robotics and 5g connections, has been expanded to include the manufacture of 2025 docking technology innovations in China. In March 2016, Kuka announced a strategic partnership with China, focusing on cooperation in smart factory environments.
In March 2017, Kuka and Hwa jointly demonstrated an ultra-low-time (less than 1ms) smart control solution based on 5g cellular wireless connectivity.
Played drums and completed real-time interaction and precision syncs between machine hands. From January to April 2017, the Shanghai customs industry imported a record high number of industrial robots, according to Shanghai customs statistics, imported industrial robots into the Shanghai customs area during the first four months of this year.
Cumulatively, 21,000 (year-on-year +150%), valued at 1.52 billion yuan (year-on-year +54%), fell, with 6,955 (year-on-year +190%) imported in the same month in April, a further record high. The regional structure of imports for the first four months of the year was 18,000 (87%) in Japan, compared to the same year.
+180%; EU 1672 (8%, same as + 71.5%), of which Germany is: 14 thousand multifunctional industrial robots (67%, same as + 80%, imports from beauty to wisdom, one plus more than two
In July 2016, the American group signed a strategic collaboration agreement with the Chinese Department of Consumer Operations, targeting smart terminals and smart home appliances, channel sharing and joint marketing, chips, operating systems (os), artificial intelligence (ai), smart homes, data sharing
In 2016, sales revenue was about 17.8 billion yuan (year-on-year +42%). The United States group is expected to be in the future.
Intelligent manufacturers and intelligentists continue to cooperate with China in a rich and extensive way.1 American group depth studies (55 pages): from beauty to wisdom, one plus one plus one plus two.
2 kuka research topic (ii): US Tax Reform Program promising to reach $16.7 billion, $18.7 billion, $20.8 billion, growth of the same year, 3 kuka research topic (i): US “Manufacturing Return”
"Big Strategic Insights: Robotic Demand Surges, the Dragon Kuka will benefit.
Appendix 1: American groups, kuka and Hua's journey of cooperation: 9 June 2017: Kuka and Hua signed an agreement to expand their cooperation on a global scale.
A memorandum of understanding, with technical cooperation for robotics and 5g connections, was expanded to include the interface of smart manufacturing collars on technical standards and product innovation. March-May 2017: Barcelona Mobile World Congress, Hanovercebit Expo and
At the Hanover Industrial Fair, Kuka and Hua jointly demonstrated an ultra-low-time (less than 1ms) smart control solution based on 5g cellular wireless connectivity techniques, completed real-time interaction and precision synchronization between robotics through two mechanical hand-in-hand performances of racks and drums.
Wireless connectivity programmes can provide reliable connectivity between the body, the controller and the system, reduce cable costs by more than 50%, and provide real-time awareness and management of large quantities of wireless sensors in the plant. July 2016: America’s group signed a strategic cooperation agreement with China’s Consumer Operations Department.
It will build a full range of strategic partnerships for smart terminals to interact with smart households, channel sharing and joint marketing, chips, operating systems (os), artificial intelligence (ai), smart homes, data sharing and data mining, branding, etc. China covers mobile phones, mobiles, etc.
Broadband and household terminal operations, among others, generated about 17.8 billion yuan in sales revenue for consumer business in 2016, an increase of 42% in comparison with the previous year. According to ihs, in 2016, China accounted for 139 million global shipments of mobile phones, with about 10% of the city’s share, and was the third largest in the world and the third largest in China.
March 2016: Kuka and Hua announced a strategic partnership and signed a memorandum of cooperation for the cambit fair in Hanover, Germany, focusing on smart manufacturing solutions for cellular networking (iot), wireless and 5g connections in the environment of smart factories.
Automated solutions based on the Chinese Yaas platform are developed. Appendix 2: American groups and comparable companies, pe-band, have the vanguard of consumer panels with valuation advantages and performance certainty, while American groups have home power and machinery.
The human industry has the status of an international leader, and we have the power and robotics of each of the American blocs.
Chart 5: Halpe-band Chart 6: Robotic pe-band East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory board