Events: China Gold Annual Report 2016, where companies achieved business income of $38.928 billion, an increase of 5.03 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $362 million in gold (600.489.sh)
The price of gold in 2016 rose from a fall to an 8% increase in international gold prices and a 14% increase in domestic gold prices. In 2016, the company produced 27.47 tons of mineral gold, 38.51 tons of smelting gold, 1.9 million tons of mineral copper, 34.10 million tons of electrolytic copper, and, in comparison, the company's performance in cost control increased, in addition to higher profits resulting from the increase in gold prices. In 2016, the company optimized the “five-rate” and reduced the “five-fee” rate.
The combined efficiency gains of $160 million, with only one item of procurement costs, resulted in a further reduction of $53 million in 2016 based on a reduction in procurement costs of $66 million in 2015. The combined Māori ratio of mining enterprises increased by 3.07 percentage points to 33.06 per cent over the same period, and the gross interest rate of smelters increased by 0.77 percentage points to 2.23 per cent over the same year, while the combined Māori ratio increased by 1.65 percentage points to 8.51 per cent over the same period.
In terms of three costs, while the cost of sales increased by 46.94 per cent over the same period, the impact on profits was minimal because of the low ratio; management costs were lower than the same for the expansion of the \triangleright Lake North, the gold factory, etc., and the completion of the technological renovation project, resulting in the cost of interest on corporate borrowing.
The main reason for this is that part of the borrowing was repaid during the current period with equity funds, and the resource reserves were increased. During the reporting period, a portion of the shares of Hebei Gold Factory and Hebei Rock Lake were acquired, basic geological research was initiated and cumulatively invested in prospecting throughout the year.
The price of gold is cautiously optimistic in the context of interest hikes. The Fed has raised interest rates twice since the end of 2016, and the current rate increase has been sufficiently anticipated by the market for interest hikes \triangleright
The impact on gold prices is limited. The year of European elections in 2017 will be marked by uncertainty about policies and about the retreat of political parties due to a succession of parties, which will boost the need for gold to escape, as will the trade protectionism and bank deregulation policies of Don Etchen Research Assistant Trump, which will lead to increased uncertainty and support for gold prices.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Risk factors: lower than expected production of mineral gold; risk of fluctuations in gold prices; increased production costs; disruption of production due to sudden events such as natural disasters, environmental protection, etc.
The financial data on the front page of the company’s report include the publication of well-known European-American journals, such as: reviewouturesmarkets, journalportfoliomanage, journalftrade, Don Yitzhen, Research Assistant for the Non-ferrous Metals Industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.