Summary of events: On 27 October, the company issued its third quarterly report for 2023, with the first three quarters of operations \triangleright
$3.300 billion, an increase of 47.4 per cent (repeated); $3.325 billion net profit from non-repatriation, an improvement in coming water and a rise in new and higher assets: reduction in escalator capacity at the beginning of the year \triangleright \triangleright
73.325 million kWh (excluding Sichuan hydropower) a decrease of 7.1 per cent from the same year, with Utaku, Little Bay and thugs having the same power levels as +13.6 per cent, 14.8 per cent, and 16.1 per cent respectively; if the new integration into Sichuan hydropower is considered, it was 2023 years ago
In the third quarter, the company completed 81,676 million kilowatt-hours of electricity and water, a decline of 6.8 per cent over the same period, with 3q23 river basins growing by 25.4 per cent compared to 25.4 per cent, with 48.1 per cent, 22.7 per cent, and Chiu Gu Li, research assistant.
14.1%. Given that, after entering the main stage, the Bays and the Quantiums have been transferred to water storage, and that some of the power generation capacity has been converted to less-than-full release, the company is expected to continue to improve its electricity supply this winter and tomorrow.
\triangleright \triangleright power generation in Shenzhen (Udolong/Libre/Hwangdun/Daohua Bridge/Sapling) increased by 48.8% to 121.00 million kWh on a year-on-year basis, representing an increase of 5.100 kWh in the share of electricity and water (excluding Sichuan) in a single quarter.
Between points and 32.7 per cent, the electricity structure was adjusted to push the company to a higher level of electricity collection. Quarterly evaluation in 023: upscaling, downscaling - 20 investment proposals: upscaling of the company ' s electricity prices to offset performance pressures caused by falling electricity; acquisition of corporate utilities
\triangleright packages are rapidly expanding.
Assessment: The increase in volume and the reduction of efficiency gains are matched by a new step in performance: 2022/08/27. The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.