Larger wealth management operations are more resilient; Merchant Banks (600036) evaluation report. On 20 August 2022, Merchant Banks issued its semi-annual performance report for 2022.
Net interest income increases downwards. The recovery in net profit returns is mainly due to a reduction in the level of the provision, a relative depth of 300 indexes, a decline in the ratio of end-of-life deposits and a drag on net interest differentials: a structural factor in credit lending in the first half of the year.
The impact, the ratio of high-yield retail loans down, the accumulation of overall market prices down, the interest-bearing asset end rate of return has declined considerably. At the end of the debt, the downward pressure on the economy, the inactivity of business funds, and the shift of residential investment to regular savings have led to a lower proportion of current deposits.
The net fee-for-service income drops: in terms of disaggregated data, the income from the wealth-management charge falls slightly, with the agent-for-insurance income increasing at a higher rate than the previous-year rate, to 61.61 per cent.
Asset management, hosting operations, card operations, settlement and liquidation operations all achieved varying degrees of increase, with the asset management operations fee revenue rising by more than 30 per cent.
Continuing the 3.0 paradigm shift, rising industry risks and the recurrent effects of the epidemic, high retail credit and real estate risks, and a steady rise in the contribution of large wealth management operations.
Profit forecasting and investment recommendations: In the first half of 2022, large wealth management operations were subject to structural fluctuations, but overall performance was better than expected. In the longer term, the recruitment process further enhanced the ability to invest and to allocate assets, maintaining the leading edge of wealth management operations.
Risk factors: the banking sector as a whole is more affected by macroeconomic, monetary, and regulatory policies, and changes in the economy and related policies will have a significant impact on banks’ operations.
Changes in net interest differentials, asset quality expectations, etc.