Three-quarterly 2021, report point review: seating operations completed, seaboard strategy pursued on a continuous basis
Business completion M & A increases profits. 1) Benefiting from the easing of chip supply, the company's core clients have been able to produce 838,000 vehicles in three quarters, ring + 21.37 per cent, and 2) the company has reduced efficiency gains by improving its business structure and improving its manufacturing efficiency.
Equity M & As, which began on 1 July 2021 and resulted in a profit gain of about 300 million yuan in three quarters; 4) partial disposal of shares in the process of acquisition of shareholdings in the Antao seats, resulting in a non-recurring investment gain or loss of 1,085 million and a non-recurring minority shareholder interest of 518 million.
▪ The global layout of the interior business, the ongoing strategy of seaboarding, and full embrace of the trend of electric intelligence. 1) Corporate interior business continues to obtain global orders overseas, using global project orders to counter-feed domestic packages. 2) Completion of the 49.9 per cent acquisition of the Yangang Road seats to boost corporate performance.
The future will accelerate the process of “internationalization” of seating operations using the global platform for interior operations; 3) promote the rapid growth of emerging business and embrace the trend of electric intelligence.
In the area of 4d imaging-mm wave radar, the 4d imaging-mode yield is expected to be measured at 4-Li and 77 ghz-mm wave radar.
In the area of smart lights, the first generation of dlp lamps has been produced, the second generation has completed research and development and is moving forward with volume production; in the area of smart electric power, the total mass meb 2 is achieved, and in the area of Chinese automobiles (600741);
The production of products has been initiated as a result of the steady supply demand for the total product of the platform ' s power-driven system, the transformation of the industry by the global bev3 platform, and the acceleration of the upgrading of the transition.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: seating operations are integrated + seaboard strategy continues to advance + multi-promotion + beneficial electric intelligence. We maintain a performance forecast for the company for 2021-2023, with a projected revenue from the company, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.