The q3 net profit of the company was +14% on a year-on-year basis. The company collected $33.3 billion in the first three quarters of 2025.
Compared to +18 per cent; net return to the mother $7.1 billion, year + 29 per cent; income to 25q3 companies in the first quarter: $11.9 billion, year + 19 per cent, ring + 3 per cent; net return to the mother: $2.3 billion, year + 14 per cent, ring + 19 per cent.
The company announces that, in order to promote the strategic optimization of the corporate governance structure and sustainable development, the founder of the company, Mr. Cao Dewang, resigned as chairman of the board of directors and honorary directors, and that his son Cao Cao, who took over as chairman of the board of directors of the company, has been a member of the public since 2015.
With the rapid evolution of car glass, the industry is expected to enter a new wave of eruptions. The car glass has a single surface of more than 4 m2, the materials are friendly with light, electricity, and images, and there is room for intelligent upgrading in recent years.
Mi, U, Biadi, etc. drive the plating skyscreens and the radiating skyscraper into the car; BMW proposes the p-hud concept, and car glass intelligence accelerates. Fukuyo values technology development, and now has high-value-added products such as smart panorama glass, modifiable glass, glass-up display, etc., and is expected to enter a new wave of eruptions.
At the end of the scale, the company’s global market was 36% + in 24 years, compared to 37% in the first half of the year, the net profit from the mother’s net profit was increased by 37%.
+1.88 pct, 2025q3 continues to win 4 pct in domestic car production. The company is active in Fukugi, Anhui, North, Fukuga Glass (600660.sh) - net return profit increased by 46% over the same period, and continues to boost US production, promising to start a new cycle of capacity, increasing the dosage effect of head business, and the market share is expected to hold.
Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - one-quarter high income innovation, year-on-year net interest rate equal to year-on-year. Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Sustained scale effect. Three-quarter Māori Ring.
Investment proposal: maintain profit forecasts and a “better than the big market” rating. The company is a global carbone, with a big intelligent trend in which car glass is expected to increase from 4m2 to 6m2; 2) single square metre value increase (hud, luminous, plating, insulation, wrapping, 5g communications, etc.), bicycle value
From $600 to $1,000 to $2,000 for the forward period. Considering the company ' s high-value-added products and the progress made abroad, 11,855 million yuan, or 19 per cent for the year, or 3 per cent for the ring; and 2,259 million dollars for the return net profit, or 4 pct for the year in which the company 2025q3.
In line with the semi-quarterly growth rate, which is generally in line with the domestic car market industry, the rate of growth in absolute terms is somewhat higher than in the industry, and according to the Central Air Association, the domestic automobile industry of 2025q3 produces 8.682 million vehicles, compared to figure 5: the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp.
Figure 6: Changes in the quarterly comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glazing glass and the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. Considering the favourable contribution of raw materials prices, it is expected that the prices of raw materials and shipping will continue to benefit.
Material-heavy pure alkali prices have continued to decline, with the domestic price of 2025q3 remaining largely around 1300 yuan per ton, the ring ratio falling, and the raw materials contributing more and more. Looking back, the entire year’s dimension benefits from the low price of pure alkali on the one hand, and the fall in shipping costs, which began to rise in March 2024, on the other hand, with the effects of scale on the other.
Figure 9: The company ' s continuing contribution of raw materials is favourable and volatile, mainly due to the company ' s 24-year system of further strengthening of the retroactive quality management of the entire industrial chain of car glass, with the effect of adjusting the cost of packaging to the cost of operating; financial costs are mainly affected by the exchange rate gains.
On October 16, the company announced that, in order to promote corporate governance and strategic excellence and sustainable development, the founder of the company, Mr. Cao DeWang, had resigned as chairman of the board and assumed the position of chairman of the board of directors and honorary directors, and that his son Cao Cao, who had been vice-chair of the board since 2015, had been vice-chairman of the company.
The four stages have led to a new phase of rising prices for sea-going and high-value-added products. The auto glass industry has an oligopoly pattern, with a domestic market share of over 70% and a global market share of over 70%.
36%, the youngest and fastest-growing member of a big car glass supplier. We sum up the core competitiveness of the glazing glass, which lies in the rapid laying of productive capacity, vertical extension of the industrial chain, and the genetic dividend of a highly asset-intensive industry, with the result that the company's high Maori, high market share, and the historical history of the Favour Group and its founders, Cao Cao, are the top players in the competition.
Mr. Devon's curriculum vitae, we believe that the core competitiveness of the company was formed at the following critical points. 1) In 1987, a joint venture between China and China was set up; 2) in 1995, a major focus was placed on building a “favour” brand to accelerate the expansion of productive capacity after listing; 3) in 1999, San Goban temporarily withdrew from the Chinese market and Fukuo continued to promote the domestic layout; 4) in 2004 he made his own decisions.
Floating glass, improving industrial chain autonomy; 5) accelerated trip to the sea in 2015, with overseas plants providing a global vehicle company; 6) global car glass peaked in 2020, entering a new two-tier growth cycle. Fukuyo now holds more than 36% of the global market share of car glass, overseas layout (Europe, North America) and continues to improve profitability.
The price of bicycle glass has risen, and the performance at the current point has been more certain and more valuable. At the end of the spectrum: a new cycle of expansion of capacity is set in motion, and the global market share is expected to continue to rise. In 2024, the company sold 155.87 million square metres of glass, at 4.33 square metres of glass per vehicle.
10,000 vehicles, measured at 10 per cent of vehicle sales based on post-sale market demand, 36 per cent + global market share of corporate car glass + 1.88 pct, compared with 36 per cent + 1.88 pcc. + 2 per cent annual increase in vehicle glass usage is converted to sales of corporate car glass assembly for reference purposes only,3 after sale market demand is measured at 10 per cent)
Fukuyo’s domestic layout has continued to expand, building up domestic production capacity around the main plant and the port in 11 cities of the country, with some 32.5 million units in the country, supported by floating French lines such as Fukugi, Chinalli, and Fertilizer. Considering the country’s domestic marketing and export burden of Europe and the United States, and given the high demand for glass and the high capacity of companies,
The company is actively expanding the Fertilizer and Fukuking plants and is expected to invest $3.25 billion in the construction of 20.5 million m2 of car safety glass production scale in Fuku Qing and $5.75 billion in fertilizer for the construction of 26.1 million m2 of car safety glass and two high-quality floating glass production lines.
In North America, the company invested in a car glass production base (one phase) in Ohio, the United States, which started producing in August 2015, and the company in Ohio, the United States.
The state's largest global vehicle glass monolithic plant was launched in October 2016, with US production capacity of 5.5 million units (15% R & D capacity), while Ohio's second plant was in a state of trial production at the end of last year, with new production capacity for high-value-added products such as plating the membrane curtains, laminated edge windows, and improved layout of high-value-added production lines overseas.
In our view, the expansion is expected to open a new cycle of capacity, continue to boost corporate head-line inflow, and the global market share of corporate car glass operations is expected to continue to rise at the end of the scale: continued R & D inputs, with higher value-added products rising.
Car glass is the largest single-car component, with vast skyscreen and intelligent applications, and the rest of the car is expected to increase in synchronous size. Car glass has reached 4 m2 in the '90s, has been nurtured by modely’s demand for skyglasses, open panorama windows, and is now 5 m2 or more.
To be the largest vehicle in use, taking into account that the penetration rate of the country’s full view skylights has reached 49%, the full view has reached 18%, the product has gradually been marked for penetration, and the demand for differentiated competition has forced the industry to move further. The size of the bicycle glass is expected to continue to rise, while smart glass, such as smart lighting and thermal insulation, is expected to accelerate.
In order to maintain a competitive advantage, the Fuyo Group has built a research and development team of over 5,600 people and devoted more than 4% of its annual revenues to innovative research and development.
By the end of 2024, Foyo Group sales of high-value-added products had risen by 5 pct over the same period the previous year.
So, in the future, innovation has evolved into a new industry led by glory, with high-value-added products on board, a single-shelter cosmopolitan and an upgraded need for privacy, and a sufficient stock of new wonders, which is expected to break into the air. Fukuoka has taken the lead in the field of the skyscreen, and has been active in the layout and plating of the products, and has been supplied to the mainstream and autonomous.
It's a branded electric smart car. At the moment, glittered glass products can be divided into pdlc, thermal-variant, and ec-moderated glass, of which pdlc can be adapted to the landscape skyscreen glass as an optional part in a map free, with a level 10 per cent lightable, with 99 per cent of UV cut off; and hot-changed glass can customise multiple glass colours.
And the colours can vary according to temperature; ec-radiation is characterized by low foginess, automatic insulation of intelligent senses, insulation of ultraviolet, etc., which achieves a gradientd change of color light in a car type such as polar helium001, wide aionsplus, Biadi seal, etc.
Figure 15: Freepdlc modulated plating + plating panorama 16: Biadi seal mounted ec +low-e panorama with glass in front of hud needs, and plating products started to get in the car. The car industry has been small from being installed on the dashboard.
2d screens, with a new generation of 3d booster reality (ar-hud) that integrates images with the external environment of vehicles. Hud upgrades to driver safety are expected to continue to grow at a compound annual growth rate of over 24% (cagr) between 2021 and 2026.
The angle changes to make sure that the hud project remains true, and there is a silver plating scheme for cars like Misu7 in front of the fold, further upgrading to insulation and upgrading of the front row comforts. The value of the Fulfilled Glass is expected to grow faster from $1,000 to over $2,000. The Fulfill is already in the car.
A breakthrough was achieved in the core technical areas of glass-critical formation processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc., with light-quantified super-glasses, plating glass heatable, head-up glass, ultra-segregated glass, wired etcrfid5g glass, intelligent panorama glass, etc. at the end of the vehicle.
plating upgrades, front-curve upgrades to the Hud, side window upgrades to soundproof glass, and the value of the bicycles has increased from $1,000 to $2,000, allowing companies to increase in forwards. The investment proposal is to continue to recommend a global champion glass on a high-quality track, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating.
Keeping the profit forecast better than the big market rating. We look forward to the core competitiveness built around the full spectrum of overseas business expansion and high value added product areas, as well as the certainty, short term, of future performance growth, the accelerated improvement in North America's profitability and the continuing decline in costs: the medium term, the acceleration of global automobile companies.
In a clean-up context, the high market share of Fukuyo, low client concentration and the growth of the performance of North America, the domestic enrichment of Fukugi, and the compost, are expected to open a new cycle of production, with the company’s cars on the increase, the global market share of the glass business is expected to continue to rise, and the car glass is expected to grow in the long term in view of the larger trend of intelligence.
1) Increase in the use of glass (areas) in bicycles from 4 to 6 square metres; 2) increase in the value of single square metres (plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc.) from $600 to over $2,000.
In North America, profit repairs and exchange payments are exceeding expectations, and we maintain a profit forecast that the company is now expected to return to its mother's net profit of $99.84/11228.1292 billion for 25-27 years, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author