Fukuokalassindustrygroup (60660ch) Three-quarterly newspaper 2025: Proprietary robust and profit short-term disturbances unchanged long-term elasticity 25q3review: corebusessremainsolid; short-termprofitvolatilitydoesn't'tffectlong-termuppsidepotential
The U.S. project's capacity to climb up the slopes led to an increase in the volume of goods.
Construction upgrades contribute to robust growth in the primary sector and perform better than the industry as a whole. Short-term profit pressure is a non-operational disturbance. The Māori ratio of 25q3 is 37.9% and the ring ratio is lower (~0.4 pcts). Cost-side raw materials and shipping costs are kept low and manufacturing end effects are effective.
In addition, operating profits remain high in quality, net of short-term influences such as exchange rate fluctuations. Management notes that the q3 return phase strategy, which is historically high-level, is not expected to expand further, adding to the profits of the second phase of the United States.
Overseas growth is more than expected, with production capacity released in an orderly manner and + architecture optimized to support medium-term growth. Management reveals that Europe’s revenues are rising, with a projected output of 4.5 million packages a year ahead of expectations; and the United States of America.
Fortune and Ensign 6 million new production q4 units in the country are partially re-established, with new operations expected to enter the release period, and aluminium bars are expected to grow at the second extreme. According to management disclosure, the opening of new production capacity will increase significantly in size and profitability.
Profit predictions and investment ratings. Corporate excellence in industrial competitiveness is expected to further strengthen the head-on effect, leading to a sustained increase in product prices, while globalization synergies and supply chain management are expected to continue to reduce efficiency gains, add to the continuing gains from raw materials and shipping costs and offset new production.
We expect the company to have a net profit in 2025-27.