Quality efficiency gains and returns, several intellectual transformations opening up new space - China's move in 2024, mid-point review, 08/08/2024
Events: In recent days, China moved to issue a performance report on 20241h1 and realized revenue of 546.7 billion yuan/+3.0 per cent, China moved (stock code: 600941), of which 463.6 billion yuan/+2.5 per cent was earned by the main battalion; ebitdas of 182.3 billion yuan, representing a ratio of income earned by the main battalion.
With a high penetration rate of 5g, the “second curve” figures are intellectually transforming the income margins of the transition. As of 2024h1, the personal market (c) generated $255.2 billion, and mobile customers reached 1 billion households, of which RMB is still on the move.
The 5g network has 51.4% penetration of 514 million households, moving arpu to $51.0 million, keeping the industry in the lead. The household market (h) earns 69.8 billion yuan/+7.5%, the household broadband customer reaches 272 million households, the industry of scale leads, with 33.5% penetration of the gigabyte household broadband customer, up from 3.5% by the end of 2023.
With (b) revenues of RMB 112 billion/+7.3%, the number of government and corporate clients reached 30.38 million, continuing deep into the development of the enabling industries in the new routing. Of this, the mobile cloud earns $50.4 billion/+19.3%, and the share of the revenue of the Yaas+paas is steady in the top five sectors.
The business reform dividend was effectively released, the "ai+" initiative was broken, and the data chain was valued as a premium. Step up.
Transitions are up and down, strategic new industries are up and running, and future industries are up and running. With new-quality productivity not only pushing forward, we think the operator is both aggressive and defensive, as a leader in technology and technology, data, arithmetic and algorithmic whole-of-the-industry layout, and the benefits of the new network-based changes are expected to be more than anticipated, especially in transport.
The business “second-growth curve” is an intellectually enabled industrial transformation, with sustained stability and higher growth prospects; at the same time, the profitability of operators, the improvement of cash-flow assets, the strong value of capital, the sustained increase in dividends to shareholders, and the high value of medium- and long-term investments are expected to lead to higher valuations.
Investment proposal: to give companies a forecast of their net return profits for 2024-2026, taking into account the latest performance of the company.
2. [Galactic communication] Company review _ Communications industry _ China mobile: smart, investment acceleration, solid development of the “ai+” initiative, leading to a strong digital economy, and a clear growth of new business.
(i) 5g penetration rates remain high, toc/harpu values have a robust level of profitability The personal market (c) earns $255.2 billion, mobile customers break over 1 billion households, 5g network clients reach 514 million households, with a penetration rate of 51.4 per cent, personal mobile cloud revenues reach 4.8 billion yuan/+47.7 per cent; equity interests integrate 315 million households,
Mobile business users are growing, with the highest penetration rate in the 5g industry. As of the first half of 2024, China had a total of 1 billion mobile-disclosing customers, of which 5g network clients numbered 514 million, with a cumulative net increase of 1,166 million clients this month.
The total number of households amounted to 417 million, of which 5g package clients numbered 334 million, representing a net increase of 2.37 million this month. Overall, the number of users of the 5g line of operations by operators continued to grow, the penetration rate of the 5g line of users continued to increase, and the basic package was expected to grow robustly. Figure 3: China has the highest number of 5g users, accounting for nearly 60 per cent.
Figure 4: The number of mobile mobile business users in China is increasing (ii) The number of businesses with strong entrepreneurial development and the number of intellectually innovative cloud operations contributing to the growth of new dynamic energy The twentieth session of the plenary session focused on accelerating the development of institutional mechanisms for digital economic development and improving the number of industries promoting digital industry
To accelerate the development of a new generation of information technology for full-chain application, the development of an industrial Internet, and the creation of an internationally competitive cluster of digital industries. To promote the development of platforms for economic innovation, and to improve the regulatory system for their economic normalization. To build and operate national data infrastructures and promote data sharing. To accelerate the establishment of systems for data ownership, market transactions, distribution of interests, and protection of benefits.
We believe that China’s move as a leader of the operator is expected to continue to lead scientific and technological development into new opportunities. Companies move forward with integrated “nets + clouds + design” to create an innovative “ai+dict” operating system.
The market has maintained a good growth rate of revenue of RMB 112 billion/+7.3 per cent, and the number of government and business clients has reached 30.38 million, representing a net increase of 2.01 million. The competitive share of the open tender market has reached 18.4 per cent, leading the industry by successfully building 30 “triple” solutions for the segmented areas, absorbing 58 core competencies and expanding more than 500 projects.
The advantage is the ability to earn 50.4 billion yuan/+19.3 per cent of the income, of which the share of the revenue of the Yaas+paas is steady in the top five sectors. 5g vertical applications remain in the forefront, with a cumulative contract of over 40,000 commercial cases in the 5g sector, and significant development has been achieved in such disaggregated areas as smart cities, smart factories, smart parks, smart campuses, and smart campuses, with income from the 5g network rising to 3.9 billion yuan/+53.7 per cent.
Figure 5: China’s mobile business continues to grow at a faster pace, production-based businesses continue to contribute to the growth of new dynamics and industry applications continue to expand. The company’s car network market has broken through, with a net increase of 7.29 million pre-connection connections, bringing the cumulative number to 57.91 million; 5g + Beidou’s high-precision positioning calls to 1.7 trillion; and rich “man-carriers”
Services, with successful collaboration with 10 head-car companies; and with emphasis on participating in the city’s “road cloud integration” pilot project. Tog market, mapping of government capacity for sedimentation, release of a nine-day large-scale ocean computing model, v3.0, deep participation in the construction of digital cities in several priority provinces and cities.
(iii) Capex structure to support ict two rounds of development, with the first positive results of the “ai+” initiative.
As of the first half of 2024, the total number of 5g base stations in China was 3,917,000, representing a net increase of 540,000, or 33% of the total number of mobile base stations at the end of the previous year, and 2.4 pct more than in the previous quarter. With regard to China’s movement, the 5g network invested 31.4 billion yuan in the first half of the year, cumulatively.
More than 2.29 million base stations were opened, of which 700 mhz 5g base stations were 705,000. The first 5g-a-scale deployment was initiated, with capacity upgrades focusing on redcaps, three wave polymers, tactile integration, and 5g-a commercial deployments are now being carried out in more than 280 cities and will be expanded to more than 300 cities in the course of the year.
By the end of 2023, the number of Internet data centre hangars serving the public in three basic telecommunications enterprises amounted to 970,000, a net increase of 152,000 since the end of the previous year, a net increase of nearly twice that of the previous year, and a significant increase in the number of data centre hangars, which provide an external public base of more than 26eflops.
With regard to movement, China has been actively implementing the deployment of the National East and West Counting Project, initially constructing a national network of full-scale and state-of-the-art computing power. By the first half of 2024, the generic computing power had reached 8.2 eflops (fp32) and accelerated the development of smart computing capabilities, reaching 19.6 eflops (fp16).
Figure 7: China’s share of mobile capital expenditure in 2023 was 5g-a/6g in China’s mobile systemized layout. Companies actively promoted the freezing of international standards of 5gr18, leading in the submission of technology proposals and leading in the number of items in the world’s operators. For the first time, the industry proposed a 5g-a sense-one technology system to build 5g-a
China's mobile 01, the Star Censorship Star, 15 low-orbiting satellites were successfully launched into orbit to build the Earth-wide test device and complete the world's first direct high-orbiting satellite, iot-ntn, in real time.
Voice lab certified. Innovative results such as the launch of the 6g senses research and development test device 1.0, the 6g patent, thesis, etc. The value of high-end businesses is high, the value of the data is high, the value of the entire industry chain is valued premium All shareholders distribute HK$ 2.40 per dividends at the end of December 2023, together with the medium-term dividends already distributed, 2023
By the end of the year, shareholders should account for more than 75% of their profits, seeking to create greater value for their shareholders. China’s telecom shareholder returns rose significantly, raising the rate to over 70% in three years, with a three-year compound growth rate of 31% per dividend.
China moves the whole industry chain of data, and the data asset entry index enhances the valuation. Operators have the power of data chain-to-end to make the entire network secure. Data generation: endpoints such as mobile cards, object networking, smart cities, etc.; data transmission: base stations, etc.
Wifi, fttx, transmission networks, core networks provide secure data scheduling throughout the entire web; data storage and analysis applications: with the largest idc and cloud computing pool, data security and reliable storage and applications. With data assets gradually being factored into the operator’s high-quality assets, it is expected that the vendor’s value will continue to be highlighted and the industry’s valuation will be enhanced.
Technology and innovation are growing, and the breakthrough in the "ai+" initiative has led to long-term growth. Building up the best teams of artificial intelligence personnel, creating the "Nine Days" Institute of Artificial Intelligence and forming a core team of 2,000 people.
The “ai+” development base, on the other hand, is enriched by the “ai+” service model, which promotes greater and deeper innovation and supports the “brain change” network of industries. Overall, the technological and technological leadership of the country is expected to continue to grow and the level of national production is expected to decline.
3. The risk of a decline in the number of users, etc. I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.