Tupou Group (601689.sh) Position Tier 0.5, with wide client coverage driving high growth “big clients”: deep-farming high-quality clients, and its strategic contribution to future growth.
Trends in the automobile industry, companies have completed the transformation of their top clients from upper general (comparing whole-sector products) a companies. At the same time, the market value of the company is 59.74 yuan.
“Big chassis”: creating a product layout for the “2+n” with a single-car package value of 30,000 yuan. Based on the technical interoperability of Nvh decomposition, soundproofing, and braking products, companies are active.
According to the company's 22-year-old report, the company's single car is worth 30,000 dollars, and so on. According to our calculations, the country's vacant market space is expected to be reached in 2025.
The company plans to cut into the open market by spring, and the factory is now in place, with an annual output of up to 2 million. We expect to expand the company’s total revenue from electronic car operations in 23-25 years to integrated castings (with a single-car value of about $3000-10000).
We expect to expand to heat-management products (with a single vehicle value of about $3,000) in 23-25 years.
ibs are expected to deliver half a million vehicles in the postpartum year. The company has broken through the technical barriers of the heat management system on key parts, and is expected to achieve volume production. We expect the company ' s thermal tubes to expand actively in 23-25 years to meet the high demand for downstream production.
The debt of $2.5 billion (an initial equity transfer price of $7.138 per share) is used to expand production in small quantities, such as ablutions, heat management, automobiles, etc. The company’s continued expansion is expected to benefit fully from the increased demand for spare parts resulting from the high volume of new energy vehicles.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Company position of tier 0.5 supplier, product layout of `2+n', high-quality customer support performance, high-speed growth. We expect the company to make a net profit in 23-25 years.
Car sales are below expectations, RMB exchange rate fluctuations are at risk, new products are not moving as fast as possible, major bottom-plate strategies, products and customers continue to expand around the layout of the bottom-plate system, with a single-car complement of up to $30,000.
In the area of noise mitigation, in recent years, companies have accelerated the layout of the chassis system, and light-quantified chassis plus chassis electronics (including wire control movements, wire control shifts, air suspensions) have become a new growth pole in corporate performance. Companies provide platforming, modularized products, and a bicycle support package under the Tier0.5 supply model can be worth up to $30,000.
The company’s main business is: 1) shock absorbers and interiors: the traditional core business, which is in the vanguard position in the country. 2) Light weight chassis: Aluminium production control arm from 2015 and the acquisition of a Fordona cut into a side rack in 2017. 3) Smart driving: an electronic vacuum pump, vp 2022, which produces a smart brake system, ibs.
Thermal management system: heat management products such as total heat pumps, electro-inflated valves, etc., from 2021 onwards. 5) Air hangars: Aerial system plants have been completed, with an annual capacity of 2 million units. 6) Integrated pressure foundries: 7,200 t in 2022, integrated super-pressurized rear chamber, entering the integrated casting track.
In response to industry changes, expanding the client base to leverage the rapid growth of core clients. In line with the trend of the auto industry’s joint brand leadership (up to 2014) – the autonomous brand breakthrough (2015-2018) – the rise of new power in car-making (2019 to date), the company’s top customer has undergone a shift from upper universal-guili-a.
Friendly customer relationships continue to be imported into the new business of high-customer viscous security. (1) (a) From 2016 onward into the supply chain of a company, models, model3, equipped with shock absorbers, interior and interior accessories, light-quantified chassis and, since 2021, the supply of the whole product of heat management.
2) Gilly: By 2015, Gilly had become the top five clients of the company, and the company ' s shock absorbers, interior and interior accessories, chassis systems and smart driving products were fully integrated into the Jili supply chain. 3) Voltage is common: from 2001 onwards, the shock absorber was equipped with a general global platform (gm) in 2015 and 2016
e2xx and gem orders, which currently provide a general supply of shock absorbers, interior and interior accessories, chassis systems, and smart driving products for upper gas, have started with high levels of capacity utilization for each product. Meanwhile, companies continue to expand their capacity for seismic, interior, light-quantifiable, and car electronics, fully benefiting from the increased demand for spare parts resulting from the high sales of new energy vehicles.
The company has domestic manufacturing bases such as Ningbo, Chongqing, Wuhan, overseas manufacturing plants or storage centres such as the United States, Canada, Brazil, Malaysia, etc., which are able to respond quickly to the needs of their customers in close proximity to domestic and international clusters of automobiles. In addition, the company has established research and development centres in North America, Europe, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Ningbo, etc.
Attracting high-end talent from both within and outside the country.2 Rapid growth in performance, accelerated expansion in capacity, and large increases in net profits, mainly due to the massive release of new energy vehicle customers from companies.
1) Rubber earthquake mitigation and interior apparel operations: from 1.94 billion yuan to 3.87 billion yuan in 16-22 years. Quantification of forward layout operations such as chassis, heat management, etc., grew faster. 4) Hot management operations: 1.37 billion yuan in 22 years of thermal management operations, with 8.6 per cent of the total, mainly benefiting from a company
Corporate profitability is expected to be repaired upwards. As low as 1.38 per cent, mainly due to transportation and storage costs associated with the sale of commodities, which are accounted for by operating costs. Management cost rates: 3, shock mitigation + accoutrements, deep-cultivated nvh, with steady growth in performance
The company ' s nvh business layout: 1) earthquake mitigation operations include mainly three main categories of rubber shock relief products, such as tremors, suspensions, linings, etc. 2) accessories operations: mainly engine interiors, crew interiors, baggage interiors, outers, and whole vehicle sound kits such as sealing systems.
Market competition patterns: 1) Soundproofing: more than 100 domestic producers of soundproofing devices, domestic apparel producers including companies, Chinese cars, Ningbohuashang, commonly used apparel, etc. 2) Earthquake mitigation: more than 600 domestic producers of seismometers, domestic producers of seismometers including companies, central stockholdings, construction of new rubbers, and competition in the East China Sea.
Compared to other firms, companies bind head-to-head new energy vehicles, with strong downstream demand, and are expected to increase the competitive advantage of their products by increasing the scale of their sales. Companies are the leading players in the nvh field, with the ability to synchronize global R & D and system integration.
By the end of 2021, the company ' s concussions were ranked first in the country and second in the world. With the upgrading of the R & D speed requirements of the mainframe, company-represented Nvh suppliers with simultaneous R & D and system integration capabilities, the company accoutrements line was gradually gaining a preponderant position.
Packages, covering internal and external adornment systems and closed systems, with a full range of products. Emblems industry chains are integrated, with cost and performance advantages. Corporate accoutrements products are vertically integrated from environmentally friendly fibres - non-weaved fabrics - interiors, with cost advantages. Environmental fibres can achieve voc (volatile organics) platoons in cars.
Client outreach and partnerships are strong. Nvh clients expanded to a global scale in 2015 and protected materials entered Honda ' s supply chain in 2018, supported by shock mitigation and light-quantified products.
New energy customers like Biadey. Under the platforming strategy of the mainframe plant, the company's nvh business relies on its original clients to obtain follow-up orders.4 Light Quantified: product line expansion + output up and fast-growing period Light Quantified energy efficiency reduction + upgrading of new energy vehicle relevancy to improve the performance of the entire vehicle.
Aluminium alloys are small quantitative materials of high value and high quality compared with conventional fuel trucks.
Other lightly quantified materials, aluminium alloys have combined advantages in terms of strength, hardness, corrosivity and cost. Companies weigh heavily on aluminium alloy materials in layout. According to the China Autoengineering Society ' s Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Technologies, from 2020 to 2030, the amount of aluminium per vehicle used in our new energy vehicle should be raised from 190 kg to 350 kg.
The company’s lightly quantified products include control arm, side racks, turnovers, etc., back-and-back plate, body structure, door structure, battery package structure, etc. Process leads: has full process capability in the field of light alloys and high-strength steel core processes, which can provide customized products.
In December of that year, the company acquired Zhejiang Tok and Sichuan, mastering the hard core of high-strength steel. Compared to other enterprises, the company’s light-quantified products are high-quality and sticky customers.
The D, Rivian, Lacid, U, Idea, Biadi, Gillie, Upwards, Volvo, and other well-known traditional domestic and international companies, as well as the global mainstream of new energy vehicles. The chassis system will need to be tested for one winter and a summer, and the chassis supplier will be successful in entering the mainframe supply chain and will be difficult to replace, and the customer will be more sticky.
5. Smart driving and heat management, forward-looking air suspension 5.1 heat management: breaking through technical barriers, contributing incremental performance from fuel to electric vehicles, from ptc to co2, with a significant increase in the value of heat management bicycles.
The vehicle is worth about 0.25-0.550 million and the pure electric power can reach 0.35-1.3 million, or nearly double. 1) Air conditioning heat management: technology to further increase the value of bicycles. 2) Battery heat management: the technical route is natural cooling - wind cooling - liquid cooling (maintains the battery with good temperature consistency) - direct cooling (reduce heat exchange differentials, good heat transfer performance).
The new energy car heat management system continues to be upgraded, and the domestic market space is growing rapidly. The new energy car heat management system has a bicycle value of about $5,000, about $7,000 on a heat pump, and about $9,000 on a co2 heat pump system. We expect China to have a market space of $10,5.4 billion in 2025.
Industry concentration is high. The company now mainly supplies integrated module products for heat management. The main suppliers in the product market are Tripods and companies, and the tripods took up a larger share of the market earlier. Currently, the company has been successful in developing products such as integrated heat pumps, electro-inflated valves, electro-water valves, electro-water pumps, gas fluid separators, and so on.
Technical advantages: Thermal management components are more common to the company ' s smart brakes with the technology of valve pump components. 1) Valves: the manufacturing process is similar and the technology repeats high. The electromagnetic valves of the thermal management business are very similar to those of the smart brake business. Three of the key steps in the four electronic expansion valves are electric.
Magnetic valve recombinant. Because the company has electromagnetic valve technology, it is technically feasible to expand to an electro-inflated valve. 2) Pump type: some technical relevance to an electronic vacuum pump in a smart brake business. E-water pump workings: ecu collects engine speeds, loads, water temperature, etc. by sensors, the best water in a rated water match.
The temperature is matched to control the speed of water pumps and the closed ring of the liquid temperature. Both the electronic water pumps and the electronic vacuum pumps are controlled by ecu and can be delivered with precision, with some similarity of technology. Client advantage: high technology openness, greater willingness to cooperate with the mainframe plant.
The technology to help host plants reduce their development costs and increase the speed of their development is now in line with that of head-carrying companies. The use of corporate products by head-clients will have a demonstration effect on the company’s future sustainability. 5.2 Smart brakes: keep up with the onebox trend and take advantage of alternative opportunities for national production.
Traditional brakes do not match the need for motor motorization and intellectualization of cars. 1) For new energy vehicles, traditional brakes lack a stable vacuum, and brake energy recovery rates are inadequate. Traditional brakes create vacuum support through motivation, requiring additional electronic vacuum pumps to be used in new energy vehicles as a vacuum source.
Short life and high cost. And traditional braking converts vehicle kinetic energy into the heat of tyre friction, which does not recover the power of braking and does not facilitate the continuation of new energy vehicles. 2) For intelligent driving, traditional braking is difficult to meet bottom enforcement requirements.
Mobilization capacity, difficulty in meeting the bottom execution needs of intelligent driving, and inability to reconcile comfort with brake performance. The current mainstream line control program, the life expectancy after electronicization, is still the same as the traditional brakes. The electronic fluid suppression system (ehb) replaces vacuum boosters and vacuum supply components with electronic boosters, resolving the lack of a stable vacuum for new energy vehicles.
Question. And the ehb is the same age as the traditional brakes, with 2.2 million to 3 million durability times. 1) Low energy consumption and high energy recovery efficiency in the brakes: the ehb programme is close to 100 per cent of vehicle energy recovery, which can increase the range of electric vehicles by more than 20 per cent:
2) high safety and speed of response: the ehb is capable of completing the active braking within 150 milliseconds: 3) high intelligentisation to meet the need for the implementation of the intelligent driving base: the ehb is able to receive the wire control signal and thus achieve the line control function, including the various functional requirements of the future intelligent driving.
ehb upgrade: from twobox to onebox. twobox is an ehb+abs/esc, which divides the braking system into brake aids and stability controls: onebox integrates the abs/esc module into the brake module. According to the Gestapo, the penetration rate of the domestic wire control dynamic product is expected to exceed 57% by 2027, and the overall market space is expected to exceed $26.5 billion.
The World’s line-control products account for a larger share of the costs of purchasing because of the accumulation of early start-up technology. But, with the increased emphasis on supply-chain security by car firms, the demand to introduce line-control two sources of supply increases, opening up development opportunities for suppliers of domestic line-control products.
The company has launched an integrated version of ibs-pro products designed by the onebox. The company ibs (intelligent brake system) has been running a road test on cars like Biadi, Jili, and so forth for four generations.
The ibs-red redundant braking program can support autopilots of more than 1.3 and better than the rbu redundant braking program in the market. It is expected to integrate the line control chassis and lead the industry to change. The skateboard chassis technology integrates mechanical and electronic structures onto the chassis.
The company has extensive product lines such as suspension systems, wire brakes, line controls and directional controls, as well as collaboration with rivian on the skateboard chassis, with the ability to integrate the skateboard chassis. Figure 25: The skateboard chassis has a strong edge
Figure 26: The company has laid out several lines of product for the core modules of the skateboard chassis: 5.3 air suspensions: a clear trend in labelling, a clear trend in national production substitution for sustained advancement, a clear trend in air-vacant allocation, and a significant upscaling rate.
In the future, as the core components are nationalized, the cost of the airborne system is explored, the build-up of the vehicle configurations is explored, and the rate of airborne penetration is expected to increase. Foreign monopolies, and national production, continue to accelerate.
At present, the main domestic producers of vacant products are centered shares (air-pressure aggregate units), Paul technology (air springs), and Confucius technology (air springs).
High technical barriers to core air hangar components, where the technical difficulty with air springs lies in the leather design and assembly of rubber. Based on the company’s rich experience with the rubber shock system. Air spring capsules are rubber.
30 years of experience with the rubber shock-relief system, with full knowledge of core rubber technology such as formula development, sulfurization processes, etc., based on rubber-related sedimentation for spring-bond-caps design.
1. Rubber shock relief: The shock absorber is the company ' s core business and benefits from the high rate of growth in sales from downstream customers. We therefore expect that 2) interior apparel features: the company ' s adornment product has been upgraded to a whole car sound set, with steady growth in its capacity to collect and benefit 3) lightly quantified: in 2021, the company purchased a large number of crushing units to break through the core barriers of integrated casting technology, in addition to the new ones.
The energy vehicle penetration rate has risen, and the market is in demand for light-quantified chassis orders. So we expect heat management at the end of 2023-2025: from 2021, the company ' s deep product a company will continue to break through the core components barrier and will benefit fully from the high growth in the volume of a company ' s sales in the future. We expect the heat management business to be 20, 20, 20, 2025.
The annual Māori rate for company heat management operations is 19%, 20%, 21%, corresponding to Māori at $4 billion, 700 million.(5) Automobile electronics: now, more than 300,000 new energy vehicles are largely starting to label air-scarved products.
So we're looking at $2.2 billion in corporate gas as high-value floating products begin to produce. Space is a new product, with a low Māori rate in the short term due to small size, but it's expected to grow on a large scale.
We used the pe valuation method to value the company. We selected three comparable companies to value the company, which, in our view, is a leading supplier of tremors and interiors for the country’s leading players, while at the same time taking the lead in the race.
In the field of light-quantified chassis, we also enjoy the industrial space growth brought about by the accelerated penetration of new energy vehicles. In addition, it is expected that, under the trend of thermal integration and intelligent driving, our performance will continue to grow with our own technical and scale barriers. Therefore, we give cars less than expected. Downstream terminals are now competitive, and downstream terminals are selling less than expected.
Capability, which leads to a decline in demand for spare parts, further affects corporate income. The RMB risks exchange rate fluctuations. The complex international environment, and the potential for exchange rate fluctuations in the RMB, affect the progress of public and new products.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market within one month, within two months, and within six months of three months.