Researchchand developmentcenter: 22 and 23q1 perform well.
The Tier0.5 model continues to move forward — Tupou Group (601689) company tracking reports 1. Tupou Group: the Tier 0.5 level cooperation model continues to move forward, with 22q4 performance up.
The Tupou Group: The effectiveness of the Tier 0.5 cooperation model is evident, with a high performance of 22q4 3. Tupou Group: a high performance of 22q3 and a high profitability
Events: Companies published annual reports 2022 and quarterly reports 2023, and in 2022 they achieved business income of 159.9 million yuan, or 39.5 per cent of the year; and net return returns of 1.7 billion yuan, or 67.1 per cent of the year.
In the domestic market, the company’s collaboration with new energy companies, such as Wah, Kim Kang, Biadi, Gilly New Energy, Ideas, Ululu, and Little Peng, has progressed rapidly, and the amount of the bicycle package has been rising. In the international market, the company and the United States’ innovative car companies, Rivian, have continued to grow.
Lacid, technology firms and traditional car companies like Ford, gm, and fca all cooperate fully in the area of new energy vehicles. The product group has continued to expand and has now grown into an eight-large series of products, with a single-car package of about $30,000, keeping in mind the firm’s subsequent upward trend in prices.
Large, labour-related costs have risen significantly, while the three main operations of the shock absorbers, interior features and chassis systems have gone hand-in-hand, and production capacity has continued to advance.
In 2022, the Māori rate for shock absorbers/ interior devices/breathboard systems/heat management operations, respectively, will be accelerated by the construction of about 1,400 acres of plants in Hangzhou Bay IV, V, VI, VII and Chongqing, as well as the planning of the Mesico base and the county base in Anisu. In addition, the Polish factory is planning to enter one.
A step-by-step expansion of production capacity to meet the demand for expansion of production by clients. * Profit forecast: company tier 0.5 model continues to advance and expand from auto business to robotics industry, Sinda Securities Inc.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing: Risk factors: new clients are not expanding as expected: productive capacity is not advancing as expected: prices of raw materials, etc.
Quality client lending, both domestic and foreign, maintains a robust Māori rate; Quality customer lending, both domestic and foreign, grew rapidly in 2022. The company’s sales earnings and profits in 2022 benefited from the positive impact of the company’s extensive product lines, system research and development capabilities and innovative business models in the new energy automobile industry.
The net profit of the mother was 1.700 billion, compared to 67.1 per cent in the previous quarter, with the company ' s revenue of 4,889 million in 2022q4, the same-scale effect released the cumulative price fluctuations of raw materials, and the Māori rate remained stable. In 2022, the price of raw materials fluctuated considerably, and the cost of labour and so on increased significantly, while the three main operations of the seismometers, interior parts and chassis system contributed to the scale effect.
(b) Figure 6: Changes in management rates due to the company's quarterly net interest rate and Maori rates in recent years, mainly due to increases in the number of managers in the current period, increases in remuneration and changes in financial rates
Largely due to the increase in exchange rate during the current period. For the breakout season, the company ' s 2022q4-four rate was 8.70%, with the same ratio as +0.17p2, the platformed advantage gradually emerged, the core business performed brightly, and based on the platformed advantage, the company has formed nine product lines.
With R & D and innovation to advance the global layout, it now has the capability to synchronize its development of the country’s leading whole-car system and to become a component supplier for a number of well-known global whole-car manufacturing enterprises. Currently, the company is based on eight broad product lines, namely, car nvh decomposition systems, interior and interior adornment systems, light-quantified body parts, smart cabin parts, heat management systems, chassis systems, air suspension systems,
In addition to the automobile business, the company is actively developing the robotics industry, and the sports executive is one of the core components of the robot. Currently, the implementer sample has been approved by the client, with greater potential for subsequent development.
Since 2020, there has been a significant increase in sales and sales of seismic and interior devices. The Nvh product line is the company’s traditional core business, which includes both seismic products and interior devices. More specifically, since 2019, sales of inner packagings have had a remarkable effect on the pull-up of revenue since 2020, but the unit price has declined slightly.
The value of the bottom-plate system is double-edged, and automobile electronics are robust. The company has been deployed in the bottom-plate system for many years, with the acquisition of the Fordona side rack operation in 2017, resulting in a dual layout of “aluminium alloys + high-intensity steel” with a marked increase in synergy.
In the case of automobile electronics, the company’s research and development team is on the cutting edge of the industry, and has obtained orders from multiple mainframe plants that will be put into bulk production. Specifically, during the period from 2019 to 2022, the bottom-plate system’s operations increased significantly, representing a significant increase in total revenue.
In terms of volume and price, the volume of e-business sales in automobiles has risen steadily and the price pressure has been high. In terms of Māori rates, Māori rates have been declining in recent years, but have remained at over 20%.
Since 2021, the company has relied on deep sediments in the electronics sector of automobiles to develop a thermal management system based on the technology of smart brake systems ibs and to deliver the first generation of products in bulk.
It can also provide a highly integrated programme that effectively meets the different needs of its clients. Continued investment, including in the field of heat management, achieved by 2022, has kept R & D inputs at an average of about 5% of business income per year, and competition for R & D, largely as a result of companies’ continued increase in R & D inputs.
Figure 15: R & D costs (millions of yuan) and R & D cost rates
54.26 billion yuan, or +54.1%, is sufficient to prepare the company for the rapid growth of the new energy car market and to raise the barriers to competition. Based on the company’s new orders, the company will continue to speed up the production of the power layouts in conjunction with the prediction of the future penetration of new energy vehicles.
In addition to this, the Polish factory plans to expand its production capacity to meet the company's tier 0.5 model and to expand from auto to robotics, the ninth largest product line opens up a new growth curve, and we continue to look forward to the company's growth. We predict that the company's net profit for the period 2023-2025 will be $2 billion and $3 billion.
New clients are not expanding as expected; production is not advancing as expected; raw materials prices are volatile; four team members are core members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry are good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Automotive chains are fully covered, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous brands, etc.
Master of Arts (M.A.). He worked at Toyota Autotechnical Centre and Joaquín Securities, one-year work experience in automobile companies, and two-year experience in the automotive industry. He covered the entire car, Tesla industrial chain, electric intelligence, etc.
Ding, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covers areas such as smart cabins, electric motors, and whole cars. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.