Tupou Group (601689.sh) Net profit in 2022 increased by 67 per cent over the same period, and the benefits of the platform system continued to materialize: annual Tesla sales + 40 per cent, Gilly car sales + 8 per cent, up gas general sales - 12 per cent) and net profit for the mother
Sliding is mainly a 1) tariff scale: part of the batch of products exported to North America is subject to a surcharge of tariffs (impacting 22 years (plus $110 million tax fee q4 net interest rate ring achievement +0.70 pct), with robust profitability. Product expansion, manufacturing upgrading, and customer breakthroughs, the power of the platform system is expected to become more visible.
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - Business retrenchment and outlook for platform automobile parts and components - desktop oriented; product expansion: 8 large product bicycles with 30,000 yuan, ibs, ps, empty. Tupou Group (601689.sh) - customer mass folding product line advancement, 2022 net
Suspend, heat management, smart cabins with a single gas, Gilly, Wah, Jinkang, Ideas, Biade, Mi, Top Group (601689.sh) - release of a non-public release plan for the consolidation of capacity plus code, and the targeting of clients such as co-creation, high-companion etc.; and deployment of robotic implementers, with samples approved by the client;
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - Increased profitability, with a single three-quarter net profit break-up: binding North American customers and recently deepening cooperation with idealist strategic cooperation agreements; expansion of production: one plant in Poland and 220 acres in Mexico is expected to be installed by the end of the year.
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - The product line is growing rapidly, with net profits in the third quarter. In the future, according to the demand for orders, plans will be made to build a thousand acres of smart manufacturing estates in line with the model of the former Bay New Zone.
In 2022, the Topper Group collected 1,593 million yuan, corresponding to +39.5 per cent (22 Tesla sales + 40 per cent, Gilly car sales + 8 per cent, upper gas general sales - 12.1 per cent), a net profit of 1.700 billion yuan, corresponding to +67.1 per cent, and a deduction of 1.656 billion, figure 2: Company operating revenue and growth in the single quarter of the company.
Yearly Māori rate: interior + 1.78 pct, chassis system + 3.55 pct); Māl 2204 19.9 per cent, equal to the ring 4-fee rate of 8.64 per cent, of which 2204 TKG sales/R & D/management/financial rates are broken down into figure 6: company single-quarter Māl rate and net interest rate
The shock-resilient business received $3.87 billion, compared with +16 per cent, and the main camp accounted for 25.2 per cent, the same ratio-5 pt, Māori rate 24.1 per cent, the same ratio +5 pt, Māori rate 21.2 per cent and the same ratio + 3.55 pt; the auto electronics business received $190 million, compared with +5 per cent, and the ratio was essentially equal, with Māori rate 25.2 per cent and the same ratio -1.1 ptt; the heat management business received $1.37 million, compared with the same rate
Building nine systems around the chassis system. Keep pushing the schematic strategy. The company constructs the car nvh shock system, the interior and interior adornment system, light-quantified car body, smart cabin parts, heat management system, chassis system, air hangar system, smart driving system with nine operational blocks that can provide a one-stop, system-level, modular service to clients.
Products and services, single-car packages, amounting to about $30,000, and the product structure gradually achieving full coverage of the chassis and associated key parts. In addition, the company is actively developing the robotic industry. According to Topo, the global workforce is estimated to be about 3.45 billion people, assuming a unit cost of 250,000 human robots, of which 11.6 per cent of the workers are robotics.
Instead, the global market for human robots can reach 100 trillion degrees. Sport executors are one of the core components of robots, and human robots need more motor executors to do this.
(a) Client development: through the Tier 0.5 level of cooperation model, leading to new changes in the division of labour in the industry, domestic cooperation with companies such as Biadi, Gilly, Cyrus, Ulé, Peng, Ideas, international markets and traditional companies such as Rivian, Lucid, Science and Technology, and Ford, gm, fca, all cooperate fully in the area of new energy vehicles;
The company has built manufacturing bases in Ningbo, Chongqing, Wuhan, etc., around the country’s major automobile industry clusters. To better serve international customers, the company has established manufacturing or storage centres in countries like the United States, Canada, Brazil, Malaysia, etc., and Polish factories have started bulk production, as have Mexican industrial parks and factories in the United States.
Based on the company’s capacity requirements and projections for the future, the company continues to accelerate the build-up of its capacity in order to preserve its leading edges in terms of productive capacity, process, and equipment. The build-up of productive capacity strengthens long-term competitiveness, with a gradual increase in input output, and is expected to continue to optimize the company’s operating conditions 2022.
In January-September of that year, the TPP system was able to produce 3 million sets, the interior features 5 million sets, and the heat management system 500,000 units, which, according to the order in hand, are no longer capable of meeting demand; TPP launched in December 22 of this year a non-public fund-raising scheme (subject to approval) for a total amount of not more than $4 billion, with a total investment of $7.8 billion for light use.
Projects such as chassis + interior + heat management + smart driving. This investment has a much higher share of its own funds than the previous two financing expansions, demonstrating Tupou's relatively solid capital strength (up to $3.3 billion in hand currency). We believe that the increase in the overall operating benefits of this financing will fill the capacity gap by: 1) increasing the capacity of the billing system; (2) optimization.
Capital structure, reducing financial costs and risks, and enhancing sustainability; and 3) enhancing profitability (the four-fold expression of the present round of fund-raising and capacity to remain vacant).
The company ' s ibs project, the ps project, the air hangar project, the heat management project, and the smart cabin project have each received a single blow, Gilly, Wah, Kim Conk, Idea, Biadei, Mio, Coco, etc., to lay the foundation for the company ' s long-term development. The company ' s mode of collaboration of 0.5 has continued. In the domestic market, the company has been working with Hua, Kim Conk, and others.
New energy companies like Biadi, Gilly New Energy, Ideas, Ululu, and Little Peng are working together very quickly, and so the amount of one-way money is rising. In international markets, companies and American innovation firms, rivian, lucid, technology and traditional cars, such as Ford, gm, fca, are working together fully in the area of new energy vehicles.
The company is actively developing the robotic industry, and the sample has been approved by its clients. The global workforce is estimated to be about 3.45 billion people, and it's fake.
For example, Teslaoptimus is configured as follows: 28 body executors + 11 hand freedoms + 2.3kwh + fully self-propelled batteries
Launching (fsd)+autopilot neural network technology, which is expected to be delivered for less than $20,000 over the next 2 to 5 years. The motion executors are made up of components such as electric machines, electrical control and speed-reducing institutions, which are one of the core components of the robot, the Toppod robotic executioner, and the samples have been approved by the client and are also carried out at the Mexican factory.
The configuration of the robotic implementer is expected to be a new performance growth point in the future. Investment proposal: Tesla’s core product chain, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, deep-seizing new forces like Tesla, based on mature customers like Gilly, General, and so on, followed by new forces, China.
The company’s elasticity is derived from the steady release of high-quality customers and the steady targeting of new products, taking into account the impact of the more intense end-price battles on the volatility of market demand, schedule: financial projections and valuations
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject