Tupou Group (601689): Platform spare parts supplier, active deployment of robotics industry Reason for reporting: Performance rating Event: Companies issued a first-quarter report in 2023, yielding $4,469 million, corresponding to +19.32 per cent, net profit to mothers of $450 million
Dollars, equal to +16.67%, excluding non-net profits of $420 million, equal to +11.58%.+1.46 pct, companies increase their R & D inputs, while interest rates increase, exchange rate gains decrease, leading to the expansion of R & D rates and financial lines, creating a platformed enterprise.
Automobile electronics, etc., are pre-positioned, and the company's product lines have been continuously derived in recent years. They now have eight large series of products, such as car nvh decomposition systems, interior and interior accessories, light weight quantification, smart seating components, heat management systems, chassis systems, air suspension systems, intelligent driving systems, etc. The amount of one-car packages has been raised from the early hundreds of dollars to around $30,000.
Sibs projects, pss projects, air hangar projects, heat management projects, smart cabin projects, etc., have been targeted by customers such as Jili, Hua, Jinkang, Ideas, Biadei, Mi, Co-convergence, and so on, and are expected to be on a continuous basis.
New energy companies such as Gillian New Energy, Ideals, Ululus, Small Plums, as well as foreign Rivian, Lucid, Ford, gm, fca, among others, work in depth. The Tier 0.5 model of cooperation can improve efficiency, reduce costs, and help the public to raise the amount of a bicycle and increase customer stickyness.
The early applications of human robots, such as Honda Asimo, Boston power atlas, all use costly hydraulics, Teslaoptimus in 2022, with a lower-cost electric power drive, and a large number of applications of Tesla's existing technology in the area of automobiles, with sales expected to drop to $20,000.
The downfall is expected to promote large-scale industrialization of human robotics. The company is actively developing the human robotics industry, and the sports executives, including components such as electric machines, electrical control, and speed-reducing institutions, and the samples have been approved by the client and are expected to be a new growth point for the company.
+1.46 pct, Increased R & D input from companies, combined with higher interest rates and lower exchange rate earnings, has led to the expansion of R & D rates and financial lines, the start-up of platformed enterprises nvh and the rapid development of the chassis and heat management operations.
From the start, the business in question is in the forefront of the industry, with companies ranked first in the domestic market in 2020, and third in the global market. Companies have pre-positioned light-quantified chassis, car electronics, etc. since the century. From the company’s income structure, business such as the company’s chassis system, heat management system, etc., has developed rapidly in recent years, with a share of corporate revenue in 2022.
By 28%, 9%, seismic and interior devices accounted for 24%, 34%, and car electronics were still in the start-up phase, accounting for 1%. Further extension of the product line to a series of eight products is expected to continue.
Stun, now owns eight large series of products such as car nvh decomposition systems, interior and interior accessories, light weight quantification, smart cabin components, heat management systems, chassis systems, air suspension systems, smart driving systems, etc. The amount of a bicycle package has been raised from the early hundreds of dollars to around $30,000. In 2022, company ibs projects, eps projects, air hangar projects, heat management projects, etc.
The smart cabin project, which is targeted by its clients, such as one steam, Gilly, Wah, Kim Conk, Ideal, Biadi, Mi, Co-Study, and High Coup, is expected to continue to contribute to the growth in performance. Underground system: the world’s leading lightly quantified bottom plate supplier, improved production processes, product line layout. Light quantification is an upgrade.
One of the main ways in which new energy vehicles can continue their journeys is through the continuous upgrading of light-quantified material applications, including high-strength steel, aluminium alloys, magnesium alloys, carbon fibres, high-molecular compounding materials, etc. At this stage, aluminium steel becomes the main light-quantified area of cars.
Because most of the chassis parts are of spring quality, their relieving effect is much higher than that of spring quality, and light quantification of the chassis can also increase the speed and comfort of the car at acceleration, brake, and shift. The company started a light-strength fly-up project in 2003, and in 2016 it obtained orders and americium from Tesla's lightly quantifying aluminium alloy chassis.
In 2017, the company entered into a high-intensity steel business through the M&A purchase of Fordonna. Currently, the company's product covers the sub-cars, the turnovers, the control arm, the light-quantified scaffolding, etc., at the technical level, the company possesses six large light-alloyed gold-forming processes such as high-intensity steel and aluminium alloying, differential casting, squeeze casting, high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, sand-shaped casting, etc.
He has become the world’s leading light-quantitative chassis provider. Figure 7 Light-quantified solutions to the chassis. Figure 8 Light alloy process capabilities.
1.2.2. Powered, intelligent (i) heat management system for the chassis system: A highly integrated heat pump system becomes a mainstream industry program that binds North American customers for rapid break-ups. The heat heat consumption for the heat pump is well below ptc, which effectively reduces the impact of winter air conditioning on the range, replacing ptc with the heat pump.
Tesla upgraded the Model3/y heat management system in 2020, and the heat pump became the model for Tesla, and the application of the ICM module and the integrated valve module led to a further increase in the integration of the heat management system. In late 2020, the company set up Tupou Electric Vehicle Thermomanagement System (Ningbo) Ltd., and successfully developed the first generation of the heat management system in 2021.
Billion dollars, $1.369 billion. The company has developed a second generation of products that can provide water-side, agent-side-separated partial integration programmes, or a highly integrated programme that can be used by North American and other clients, with the potential to drive business customers of the company ' s heat management system (2) Air hanger systems: critical spare parts and systems are available, targeted projects are gradually breaking through.
It is one of the active hangar systems that consists of air springs, air compressors, electromagnetic valves, ecu, gas storage tanks, high sensors, speed sensors, etc., where air compressors, electromagnetic valves, ecu, etc. can be integrated into air supply units. Air hangars can adjust air spring internal air pressure according to road conditions, driving state, etc., to achieve resistance to the hangar system, hardness, and height of the vehicle.
In 2021, the company began to develop an electro-controlled air hangar system with pre- and post-blown air springs, integrated air supply units, and a package of critical components for air hangars.
In December of this year, the company added seven new air hang-point projects, which are expected to continue in volume by the third quarter of this year. (3) Smart driving systems: build-up of technologies such as wire control moves, wire control shifts, etc., in line with the trend towards higher-level intelligent driving above level 1.3. In the area of automobile electronics, the company completed research and development of electronic vacuum pumps in 2013 and second-generation product intelligence in 2015.
The brake system ibs was successfully tested, and in recent years the company has quickly completed the development of the system's products. On ibs, the company released the one-box solution ibs-pro in 2021, and plans to launch the ibs-eco, ibs-red redundant brakes. On the system, the company turned to the system products, including the tubular power-to-power system, the rod-to-power system.
Systems, redundant electrical transition systems, wire-controlled diversion systems, four-way conversions to tube poles, and "fully condensable " electrical transfer to tubes. According to the company ' s website, as of January 2023, the company had 16 new conversion points to the system involving the cd-eps tube-based electric power transfer system, the easc four adjustments to tubes, and the dp-eps two small gears.
Type of product, such as powered electric power transfer systems. Figure 9 Company chassis electricization, intelligent solutions. Figure 10 Company product line layout of the core module of the new energy vehicle chassis
1.2.3. Parts of a smart cabin: multi-type products such as layout turn-screen drives, seat-comfort systems, electric tail doors, electric move doors, etc., in which the content-comfort system product line layouts range from the waist to multiple massages with memory modules, with multiple contour adjustments, aerodynamic massages, etc.
At the same time, the Ningbo plant is able to produce half a million vehicles a year; the intellectual side door system has smart identification systems, safety and security, access roads and steep slopes, all of which make the car open more comfortable, efficient and secure, and the company has worked with multiple clients to complete the loading and demonstration of multiple projects.
1.3. Continuous promotion of the Tier 0.5-level cooperation model, which binds companies with high-quality new energy vehicles and achieves co-development with strategic clients. Reviewing the company ' s development history, the company began with Beijing Jeep, and then seized the opportunity of national production of a single mass, common Chinese parts and components in Shanghai, to move into the North American commons, Chrysler, etc., in 2008.
Ten years have benefited significantly from the growth of Gilly and North American clients. (1) Gilly: since 2015, Gilly has achieved a high rate of growth in sales through the introduction of multiple best-selling models such as Boyan, Tihao gs, Vision Suv, from 560,000 to 1.5 million vehicles in 2015-2018, corresponding to 39% of Cagr, and a rapid increase in corporate sales to Gilly in 2019.
Point, then spread from light-quantized chassis structures to multiple types of products such as shock absorbers, interior features, chassis systems, heat management systems, etc. The company ' s sales revenue increased significantly as North American clients landed and continued to grow globally, with North American customers, Gilly ' s sales of 2023q1 being equal to +36% and -1% respectively. North American customers, of the two company ' s core clients, were North American customers.
Households with 2023q1 deliveries of 4.23 million vehicles, or +36 per cent of the same year, had a target of 1.8 million vehicles for the year as a whole, compared with the delivery in 2022, while vehicles with 2023q1 sales of 322,000 vehicles, or between 1 per cent of the same year, of which 37,000 had had the collar, 15 million had the corresponding rate of increase, and the guitar electric transition was expected to be an opportunity to open the next cycle of new products.
In recent years, companies have worked in depth with new energy companies such as Hua, Kinkang, Biadei, Jili, Ideal, Ulen, Peng, as well as with foreign firms such as Rivian, Lacid, Ford, gm, fca. The Tier 0.5 cooperation model can improve efficiency and reduce productivity for car companies.
In November 2022, March 2023, the company signed a strategic framework agreement with the ideal, and continued to deepen its cooperation.
The project proposes an additional 4.8 million light-quantifiable chassis systems, an additional 6.1 million light-quantified chassis systems, 3.1 million interior devices, 1.3 million heat management systems, and an increase in research and development capabilities in the area of smart driving based on car line control systems and air suspensions.
The Department plans to complete eight, nine, Chongqing, Chang Hing, and the construction of the New Bridge factory in the former Gulf. On the overseas side, Mexico’s plants are expected to start installing equipment by the end of the year, and Poland’s plants are planning to expand their capacity further.
The early applications of human robots, such as Honda Asimo, Boston Power atlas, use expensive hydraulic power, Teslaoptimus uses low-cost electricity in 2022.
The machine-driven programme, coupled with the extensive application of Tesla’s existing technology in the area of automobiles, is expected to drop to $20,000, and the effective downswing is expected to drive the large-scale industrialization of human robots. The company actively deploys the human robotics industry, and the sports implementer products, including components such as electric machines, electrical control and speed-reducing institutions, have been approved by its customers and are expected to become a new growth point for the company.
The structure of the six executives in figure 15, Teslaoptimus, and 16, Teslaoptimus, are below the expected risk of the sale of vehicles by downstream customers. Competition in the new energy automobile industry tends to be intense, and industry patterns are still changing.
Human robots have no precedent for large-scale industrialization, future prospects, use legally compliant data, carefully draw conclusions, and produce this report independently and objectively.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.