China National Navigation (601111): Multiple factors combined to lead to huge losses, and the resumption of international routes is the key to the loss of China National Navigation.
The loss of $14.41 billion is mainly due to the epidemic, the transportation of passengers, goods, mail and luggage, and a number of factors, both domestic and international, that have led to significant losses in national shipping: this year, the loss was the highest in the three major flights.
(a) Flight operations; aircraft operations; aircraft maintenance; resulting from a combination of factors.
The main reason is that the structure of the country's shipping routes differs considerably from that of other divisions.
The ratio is the highest for all three major flights, with a fleet of 129 wide-body aircraft, which is significantly higher than the ratio between East and South. The international route was largely suspended during the epidemic, and the advantage of the broad-body was the international community.
2. The Beijing quarantine is particularly stringent. The population density in Beijing, the rapid movement of people, and the ease with which debt can be incurred and cross-stocking can be described as follows:
New local events in the second half of last year, as well as the emergence of mutation viruses in the fourth quarter, have led to a very strict quarantine environment in and around Beijing, with severe constraints on aviation demand. The negative impact is particularly evident in the country’s role as the main base for Beijing.
The company holds a 29.9% interest in Thai Airlines, which is based in Hong Kong and is based mainly on international transit routes, and is heavily affected by the epidemic. During the reporting period, the company confirmed that it had lost $5.11 billion in investment in Thai Airlines, compared to $6.7 billion in investment earnings during the same period last year.
In 18 years, the company removed its long-lost cargo operations (national shipping) and accidentally missed this year's air freight season. The international passenger flight shutdown led to the withdrawal of passenger aircraft from the market, resulting in an air cargo market that was in short supply.
A combination of the above objective factors, which resulted in the company ' s failure to maximize the proceeds of the shipment, and the lack of a pure cargo aircraft, shows that it is almost inevitable that the national voyage will be the most costly loss in the three major flights this year.
In the second half of last year, domestic demand recovered, but there was a gap between normal levels: the company's 20h2 operating schedule was slightly higher than the same level in 19 years, and the supply of domestic lines was largely back to normal; however, 73.7 per cent of the seats were more popular than the Eastern financial boom.
The recovery of the company’s performance is heavily dependent on the resumption of international routes: the core of the company’s loss is the resumption of international routes, so the global vaccination process is important for the company.
With the massive release of the new crown vaccine, international flights are expected to be phased out in the second half of this year. As a pilot, the company holds a huge amount of high-quality international long-distance resources, and will be able to quickly return to normal profitability when the epidemic is over.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China National Navigation (601111): The combination of multiple factors has led to huge losses, and the restoration of international routes is the key to the loss.
The research assistant gives an overview of the transport industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.