Research Assistant Yao Jiuhua incident: On October 22, the Wirtschaftsprüfer issued a performance report for the third quarter of 2020, until 2020.
In the third quarter, the company achieved operating income of 657 million yuan, an increase of 71.24 per cent over the same period; a net return of 214 million yuan, an increase of 69.90 per cent over the same period, and a high rate of growth in the company’s performance.              in 2020
The efficiency of good performance has been increasing, client orders have increased and corporate Māori has risen steadily, from 52.77 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020 to 1.14 pp in comparison with the first half of the year (51.64 per cent); the net interest rate of sales has improved significantly and the overall cash flow has improved.
▪ Keeping R & D input and sustaining the lead: Mobil was developed in the first three quarters of 2020 at a cost of $1.939 million, an increase of 36.39%. Companies increased the development of high-speed light engines and ancillary products to provide a holistic solution for downstream light module clients; companies are the only light in the country.
An upstream "one-stop" solution provider, with both costs and technical advantages, is key to maintaining the nuclear competitiveness of products and technologies, as 5g bring about higher demands on light devices. For this reason, communications in the sky is raised with a high-speed high-speed engine development effort.
The strategic core research and development capability of Mobil communication, which builds on the research and development base in the field of solid light communication components, is accompanied by the continuous enhancement of core competitiveness through the development of silicon light for the forward-looking h1 industry.
High performance growth, forward-looking 400g+ performance robust + technological innovation to push Skyfu communications to “Davids” double-click: current connectivity and telecommunications and silicon light, looking at the wider space of the future.
Market resonance, the demand for the light module has been steadily up, and foil communications have benefited from the core upstream of the light module, and performance will continue to be steadily up, while silicon light has been the gateway to the next generation of light communication technology changes,2 Fry Communications (300394): M & A
Keys, silicon light technology is expected to drive industry to continue to innovate, and we think that the market share is expected to increase further, and we think it's robust.
Markets, product strategy map 2020-08-04 performance increases, forward-looking technological innovations are added, and communications from the filiation will respond to higher performance and higher valuations.
In the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved operating income of 657 million yuan, an increase of 71.24 per cent over the previous quarter, and a net return of 214 million yuan, an increase of 69.90 per cent over the same period. Of this, q3 achieved operating income of 264 million yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 96.20 per cent over the same period.
q2 (72.32%) higher than the same rate of increase by 23.88 pp; net return returns of 88 million yuan, an increase of 80.43% over the same period; accelerated construction of 5g networks and data centres worldwide; increased efficiency in the number of product lines of companies, product and customer composition; and significant growth in operating income compared to the same period in the previous year.
The impact of the new product has been significant, with a gradual increase in performance contributions.
The profitability of corporate products has risen steadily. The Māori rate was 52.77 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020, compared with the net cash flows generated in the first half of the year (51.64 per cent) and $89 million in the first three quarters of the year 2020, which represented a significant improvement over q2; the cash sales ratio for q3 sales (33.70 per cent) decreased slightly by 1.22 pp compared to the same period last year (34.92 per cent), but compared with the two quarters (2.80 per cent)
Figure 4: Foil communications cash flows Figure 3: Māori rates for the sale of filiation communications, net interest rates Cost control is good and research and development inputs are maintained on an ongoing basis
q3 company sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs in 2020 totalled $25,157.8 million, an increase of 286.36 per cent in the same year, or 96.65 per cent in the ring. q3 costs accounted for 9.53 per cent of the revenue, an increase of 4.11 pp in the ring ratio compared to q2 (5.42 per cent). and foil precision was included in May and Arctic light power was included in the table in September; financial costs were $4,74.7 million, which was a continuous increase.
The q3 financial cost increases were negative for five quarters, mainly due to changes in the United States dollar exchange rate; the development of high-speed light engines and accompanying products to provide holistic solutions for downstream light module clients; and, on the other hand, the company increased the introduction of research and development professionals to attract and retain excellence in research and development through the construction of multilevel incentive systems.
Figure 7: Mobil communication R & D costs, 1.4. Production capacity has increased significantly, and stock stocks have increased.
The main reasons for this are: on the one hand, the large increase in the size of the company’s production capacity, increasing the volume of purchases and supplies; on the other hand, the fineness of the filiation and Arctic light power are included in the merger. We believe that increased inventories further highlight the risk that the company’s demand for high-end light modules will fall short of expectations for its performance in the second half of the year; the risk of increased competition in the lightware market; and the deterioration of the overseas operating environment.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board