The horizontal expansion of information technology hardware and equipment product lines to steadily achieve high-quality development Events: the company released its three-quarter report in 2020, which generated $660 million in revenue in the first three quarters of the year.
A 71% increase in the same year, and a 70% increase in the return to the mother ' s net profit of 214 million yuan in the same year. q3 returns 260 million yuan in the first quarter, a 96% increase in the same year, and a 80% increase in the return to the mother’s net profit of 88 million yuan.
The company’s Māori ratio and net profit ratio are 33.05%, an increase of 0.54 percentage points from the first half of the year.
The Division has the capacity for integration, and is in line with the current trend of increasing outsourcing of optical devices, and is expected to provide sufficient room for growth in the future, along with the expansion of downstream demand. The product lines are becoming rich, with Arctic photovoltaics and fine foils, and synergies are expected.
Arctic Photovoltaics, combined in September of this year, contributed little to the performance of the three quarters, but in the long run, total equity/flow (million shares)
Total market value/flow (millions) and products such as customer accumulation, plating products, filterblock, lightless devices and modules have a maximum/minimum value of 12 months
The company increases the strategic layout of core device products, provides a “one-stop” solution for customers, and multi-product line synergies will continue to work. The fixed-coded high-speed light engine will be enhanced, silicon light and traditional encapsulation capabilities will be enhanced, and the industrial chain will be consolidated.
The company plans to raise $786 million for the construction of high-speed light engines for 5 g and data centres, covering silicon light and traditional containment patterns, with the first year of the silicon light module in 2020 and the prospect of large-scale delivery in 2021.
(c) Large-scale production capacity, maintaining close collaboration with clients in the development and development of new products, enhancing customer stickivity and consolidating their position in the industrial chain.
Qualification code: s1190520040002
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.