Continued high performance, fully benefiting from 5g and digitized communications (300394.sz) Market light module demand outbreak
The company released its third quarter report for 2020. In January-September 2020, the company received $657 million in revenue, an increase of 71.24 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and a net profit of $214 million in return for the mother.
Thank you very much: Song Bing was slightly over-expected, with a significant increase in the year-on-year q3 quarter revenue. 1) In terms of revenue: 2020 q1-q3 achieved operating income of $657 million, an increase of 71.24 per cent; 2) net
In terms of profits: 2020q1-q3 achieved a net return profit of 214 million yuan, an increase of 69.90 per cent in the same year. The deduction of the non-repatriation net profit of 199 million yuan, an increase of 75.33 per cent in the same year;) gross/net profit plus, as a result of the precision of the foil in May, the inclusion of optical power in the Arctic in September and the influence of the scale.
As a result of high revenue growth, the management cost rate was 14.86 per cent, a decrease of 1.68 pct over the same period; financial growth, increased procurement volume and reserve impact, as well as the completion of the merger with precision filiation and optical power acquisition in the Arctic. Accounts receivable accounted for 18.50 per cent of total assets, compared with the corresponding percentage.
The net cash flow of the company ' s operations is RMB 173 million, an increase of RMB 23 million over the same period. Sustained investment in product R & D, efficient operation, and volume capacity of scale, and domestic and foreign approval of quality customers to secure market position. 1) 786 million RMB focused on high-speed light engines.
(b) During the reporting period, companies acquired sophisticated filiation and arctic light power, supplemented by fibre-optic array lenses (lensarray)
Product lines and high-end plating, optical filters, micro-optically sophisticated components, wdm product lines. The Division is committed to building high-quality optical devices and proxy platforms, working closely with the Global Main Light Modules Division, to fully benefit from the light modules brought about by the recent 5g network and data centre construction.
At the same time, the company uses the Jiangxi manufacturing base for technological storage and volume production, hatching, overall stability, maximizing product efficiency and productivity, seeking room for consumers to lower profits, maintaining company profitability and continuously improving market competitiveness.
The company ' s net profit from collection/repatriation continued to grow at a high rate.20 The company achieved operating income of $657 million for 2001-03, an increase of 71.24 per cent for the same year; the net profit from repatriation of $214 million, an increase of 69.90 per cent for the same year.20 I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.