Lightware has outperformed expectations, with a high rate of mooring the mooring river (300394.sz) 25 October 2020
• Higher performance than expected, with technical barriers multiplying client accumulation to create a high Māori, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Companies' recent announcement for the first three quarters of 2020 to achieve a net return profit of 214 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 69.90 per cent in the same year; if non-recurring gains or losses of around $15 million are deducted, a deduction is made for non-repatriation.
The net profit was $199 million, an increase of 75.33 per cent in the same year. In 2020, q3 achieved a net return of $264 million, an increase of 95.56 per cent in the same year. We see the company as a technological advantage and customer resource build-up in high-end passive devices and high-speed light devices. The Maori rate rose from 51.64 per cent to 52.77 per cent.
With company q4 high-speed light engine projects on the ground, the supply of the market for the module and the continued benefit of the upstream light device, the company ' s year-round performance is expected to continue with the expected high growth in three quarters, and we are up-to-date predicting that the public-quality light module will continue to have a high profile, that the light engine will have a very good lead and that the moat will be built with high reliability and year-round performance.
It takes at least two weeks to enter the list of suppliers, to maintain relative stability once they enter, to actively adjust the client structure and to work with large clients.
The Division has expanded the product lines around the telecommunications and data centres to 17, and the non-public increase in the high-speed light engine construction project for 5 g and data centres is expected to arrive in the near future, with a projected qualitative increase in the capacity of the company.
The spread of applications and the high growth in data flows will further boost the prosperity of the entire light communication industry, which will continue to benefit from upstream industrial optical devices in the area of communications, as the company's first coverage report - 5g - will be expected to outperform its business performance throughout the year.
• Catalyst: China ' s mobile and wide power 5g cooperation is moving forward; new capital is growing exponentially by adding code