China Coal Energy: Decreasing Prices, Decline of Profit, and Industry still has room for growth Events: On 24 April, the first quarter of 2024 was published. Coal Energy Medium Coal Energy in the first quarter of 2024 (60898.sh)
Source income from business was 45,395 million yuan, a decrease of 23.3 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother was 4.97 billion and the coal plate was affected by rising costs and falling sales prices, which reduced profitability levels. In the first quarter of 2024, the Department achieved 32.31 million tons of home-grown coal sales, a decrease of 0.8 per cent in the same year, and home-grown coal sales.
Prices of $598 per ton, a decline of $73 per ton per year, a decrease of 10.9 per cent, resulting in a decline of 29.7 million tons in the sale of traded coal, a decline of 24.4 per cent per year; and sales prices, a decline of 124 yuan per ton per year, a decrease of 16.9 per cent, a decrease of 290.97 yuan per ton per unit cost of home-grown coal, a rise of 6.8 per cent from the previous year, mainly as a result of a decline in the sales volume of 29.7 million tons per year.
The coal mine has increased its self-defeating and drilling ratio, the level of remuneration of the production front line has increased, and the current year ' s special-purpose fund has seen an increase in its cost-conversion savings. Overall, as a result of the overall fall in coal prices and rising costs, the coal business has achieved revenue of $37,483 million, a decline in the same amount.
Coalification production has remained stable and the full cost per ton has fallen. The volume of chemical products sold has remained stable, with polyolefins (PFOs) achieving sales of 373,000 tons, an increase of 2.2 per cent over the same period, corporate PFOs prices falling by 2.9 per cent, single-ton costs by 5.8 per cent, Māori levels increasing by the same time, and urea sales by 551,000 tons.
In the coal industry, the company focuses on securing the sea and the coal mine is expected to reach 20 million tons per year in 2024, leaving 5 million tons.
In addition, the nuclear increase of 5 million tons in the Anjiang mine is expected to take place in 2025, while the coal mine in the Reed Trench (2.4 million tons) and the coal mine in the Ribble (4 million tons) are expected to be put into production in the right hand in 2025. In addition, the company is actively promoting the pit coal power and coal-chemicals project, which will benefit the public.
The National Investment Commission has pushed the market value management of listed companies into full swing, and the company is expected to further strengthen market value management.
On January 24, the National Investment Commission proposed to study further the integration of market value management into the performance appraisal of central enterprises, and to direct the heads of central enterprises to pay more attention to the market tables of the companies that are listed. The Chinese coal energy industry, as a coal-only company, is expected to optimize its operations and its internal resources.
The growth of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., coupled with further enhancement of market value management, greater cash dividends and better returns on investments
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing: Profit forecasting and investment rating: the stability of the General Association for a high proportion of coal energy and the growth of endogenous businesses continue to be of investment value, along with the orderly release of coal production, electricity and coal industry.
Risk factors: uncertainties in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainties in the policies of coal-related industries; accidents in the safe production of coal mines, etc.
Member of the Economic Society and of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Executive Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and conducted research on the planning of coal surveying and development in China, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations in 100 cases in 2016.
Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the Chinese Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Nanjing University of Finance, formerly a researcher in large energy plates such as coal, electricity, and natural gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Finance at the Second Sub-enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked for many years in coal production, technology management in coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing, reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry studies, XinXinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research, Li Dung, a Master ' s degree from the University of Southern California, and in January 2023 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022 for coal, Tang Jiayu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal industry. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.