Stereochemical (600346.sh) petrochemical carrier by wind break-up, refining project towards a performance release period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
At the beginning of 2020, the refining industry was hit by a two-way shock from the spread of the epidemic and the fall in oil prices; at this point, with oil prices rising back, the epidemic subsided, and private refining was not extremely good. Currently, the company ' s 1.5 million tons of ethylene project has been put into commercial operation, 2.5 million tons of pta-4 was officially launched in January, and 2.5 million tons of pta-5 was released at the end of June, above.
We believe that the company, as the leading petrochemical carrier of the country's eight petrochemical industry bases, with its outstanding advantages of industrial chain integration and size, is now fully on track to the performance release period and low-cost crude oil dividend. We predict that the company will return to its net profit in 2020-2022.
• The company has been successful in wiping out the whole industry from “a drop of oil” to “a piece of cloth” to achieve a balanced product structure. The company has 9.92 million tons of finished oil production capacity, with a rate of harvest of about 50 per cent, and has signed strategic cooperation agreements with China Oil, Centralized Group, etc. to ensure that refined products are sold smoothly. The company has 4.5 million tons of px production capacity.
At present, the company has 11.6 million tons of production capacity, and the pta industry has a leading role in the production of tons of polyester products, with a total of 1.55 million tons of filamentary capacity in the construction, which is expected to be released in 2020-2021. The company’s whole industry chain layout promotes balanced product structure development and significantly enhances profitability and synergy.
The 1.5 million tonnes Ethylene project will maximize the benefits of refining integration and further enhance corporate profitability The 1.5 million tonnes Ethylene project is closely linked to the 20 million tonnes Refined Integration project, which can significantly reduce the transportation costs of raw materials.
Oil is provided, making full use of the by-products of refining integration devices, maximizing the benefits of refining integration, and increasing the capacity for deep processing and value-added of products. After the ethylene project has reached its full post-partum stage, the company will become self-sufficient in ethanol, while sm, hdpe, pp, etc., will be fully released, further increasing the profit margin of the company.
In the short term, there is a greater financial risk due to the high proportion of liabilities, etc. The refined layouts are first, the petrochemical carrier sails 1.1, the petrochemical carrier sails for 26 years, and the petrochemical carrier sails for 26 years.
The optic giants go upstream to refine the “a drop of oil” to the “a piece of cloth” of the strategic layout of the chain. Helium petrochemicals, Inc. (hereinafter “helium petrochemicals” or “corporations”) is a nuclear and listed subsidiary of the world’s 500-Power helium group, based in Liaoning Dalian. The company’s main business now covers petroleum refining, aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons, and aromatic hydrocarbons.
In the industry areas of pta, ethylene diol, ellipse, engineering plastics, polyester membrane, etc., large industrial bases have been set up in Suzhou, Dalian, Cebu, Nantung, and Juntang. The company originated in 1994 at the Wu Gang Fibre Weaving Plant, after many years of hard work, and Jiangsu Heungry Fibres Ltd. was officially listed in 2002.
In April 2010, the Helium Group officially moved into the petrochemical industry to form the Helium petrochemical (Grand Company) industrial park; and in 2012, the Helium petrochemical (Grand Company, Changjing Island) industrial park.
The pta project was officially launched, taking a firm first step towards extending the upstream industrial chain. In order to achieve the integration of the whole production chain up and down, the Helium petrochemical park (Grand Company Changing Island) continued its march to the highest levels of the petrochemical industrial chain - the construction of the Project for Refining Integration, 5 August 2015, the Liaoning Environmental Department restored the Helium Seizing Integration Project.
On 9 September 2015, the Liaoning Provincial Development and Reform Commission approved the Helium Pulsification Integration Project, and on 9 December 2015 the Helium Pulsification Integration Project began its work. In 2016, Jiangsu Helium Fibres have limited shares.
In December 2018, the 20 million tonnes/year refinery integration project was officially put into operation, while the 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene ethylene project was officially launched; on March 24, 2019, the refining integration unit successfully completed the production process; and on May 17, 2019, it became fully operational.
In January 2020, the company launched its fourth set of 2.5 million tons/year tons/year pta projects. Helium petrochemical succeeded in forming "oil-arocarbons, ethylene-pta, ethylene diol--"
The development model for the integrated development of the whole chain of polyester-detergenerated silk, polyester membrane, engineering plastics has contributed to the refinement of the whole chain strategic layout and full-cover business from “one drop of oil” to “one piece of cloth”.
Figure 2: The company has five major industrial bases in Liaoning and Jiangsu provinces, “one drop of oil” to “one piece of fabric” of the entire industrial chain, which is fast landing, showing a constant speed. The company's refining integration project is leading the way in terms of the size of the installations, the supporting facilities and technological advances in 2015.
In December of this year, the company re-established its 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project, which was built over three years to complete production and full-scale operation during the month, becoming the first world-class petrochemical industry of the country's eight major petrochemical industry bases. The company used three years to successfully achieve its whole-sector chain strategy, from “one drop of oil” to “one piece of cloth”
The main equipment selected by the company for the scale of the device is 20 million tons of constant pressure relief and 11.5 million tons of heavy oil and hydrogen, 3 3.2 million tons of reassembly, 2 2.25 million tons of aromatics, 1.3 million tons of mixed hydrogen dehydration, etc.
At the lead level, an integrated operational cost advantage can be guaranteed in terms of energy consumption. The project has a greater advantage with respect to assistive devices, which include, inter alia, self-equipped power plants and the provision of heat-combined power supply, and with respect to finished oils, crude oil terminals, railways, road-loading facilities, etc., which can further reduce efficiency gains.
The company has chosen the world's leading and mature packages of Aksens, Dubon, Liand Basel, ExxonMobil, jpp, etc., to lead the world in technological advances. Figure 3: The company has succeeded in achieving a whole industry chain layout from “a drop of oil” to “a piece of cloth”
The company ' s 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene project was commercialized in July 2020 and will be a new performance growth point for the company. To further enrich and refine the company ' s industry-wide structure model, the company launched the 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene project in February 2018, following the refining integration project.
The supply of 20 million tons of smelters, which would take full advantage of the scale of the integration, would further upgrade the ethylene device downstream products, including 1.8 million tons of ethanol (meg), 720,000 tons of styrene (sm), 400,000 tons of polypropylene (pp), 400,000 tons of high-density polyethylene (hdpe), and 140,000 tons of butadiene (bd), which would further upgrade the integration.
At the same time, the Ethylene project will achieve full coverage and self-sufficiency of two key polyester raw materials, pta and ethylene. Currently, the company has completed work on the ethylene installation area for testing, combined transport and system optimization, which will be fully operational and operational in July 2020.
The company created an entirely new performance growth point. Figure 4: The company ' s 1.5 million tonnes/yearly ethylene project was commercialized in July 2020.
The swim has an annual production capacity of 4.5 million tons of px, which supports the company’s downstream pta product. The company’s fourth annual production plant, 2.5 million tons of pta devices, was officially launched in January 2020, and the fifth one, in late June 2020, was launched, bringing the total post-partum capacity of the company, pta, to 11.6 million tons, and pta’s industry’s flagship position is strong.
Part of the pta product is intended for self-use at the company’s polyester plant and the rest for export to customers in the downstream chemical fibres sector. In the downstream production sector, the company has deployed approximately 2.8 million tons of high-end polyester production capacity, including 1.55 million tons of wire for civil scrubbers, 200,000 tons of wire for industrial scrubbers, 200,000 tons of polyester membranes, 650,000 tons of polyester slices and 185,000 tons of engineering plastics;
In addition, the company is constructing 1.35 million tonnes/year of filamentary capacity and 200,000 tonnes/year of industrial filamentary capacity, which is expected to be released in 2020 and will be more than 4.3 million tonnes of total production capacity of all types of polyester products in all post-partum companies.
1.3 The firm’s equity structure is stable, the firm’s ownership structure is clear, and the firm’s ownership structure is clear, and the firm’s holdings are those of Chen’s and Fan’s. The company’s shareholders are the world’s 500-strong corporate hesitancy group, holding 29.84% of the company’s shares.
Couples, according to a survey conducted by the company, both directly and indirectly held 64.6% of the shares. The company's full capital and holding companies include investments in resilience, constant refining, new materials of resilience, and consummate petrochemicals. In this case, the constant investment operates pta products through the holding subsidiary, Helium petrochemical (Dalian) Ltd.; the constant refining is mainly carried out with 20 million tonnes/year refining.
(a) Project for Integration of Integration; Pulmonary Pulse petrochemicals based on the production of polyester membrane, polyester slices, engineering plastics, etc.;
Companies make full use of the capital platform ' s financing incentive function to promote sustainable corporate development. The company ' s 2016 Stakeholder Scheme, which rewards the company ' s core technical managers and employees involved in the refining project, the company has passed the Stakeholder Scheme, and the creation of a business-employee community helps to create long-term incentives for employees.
In addition, since 2019, the company has contributed to a reasonable return in the value of its investments through stock buy-backs, stock build-ups, etc., and has demonstrated firm confidence in its future development, while effectively supporting the safeguarding of the interests of all shareholders.
1.4 The company ' s performance continued to grow at a high rate from listing in 2016 to the present, with a balanced and synergistic development of the whole industry chain. The business income of the company has grown at a high rate since 2018, as a result of the introduction of Power Investment (Dalian) Ltd. and Helium Petrification (Dalian) Ltd. to listed companies, and 2000
Tens of thousands of tonnes per year of refined integration projects have officially come into production, sustained release of performance, and high growth in corporate operating income, with company revenues in 2016-2019 reaching 73.67 per cent. In 2019, companies achieved their first breakthrough of 100 billion yuan, reaching $10,782 million. In the first quarter of 2020, they were affected by the global epidemic and a sharp fall in crude oil prices.
Under the circumstances, the company continued to earn $29,771 million, an increase of 97.77 per cent. 55.79 per cent of the total, polyester slices accounted for 22.51 per cent of the total, and industrial scrubbers, polyester film and process plastics combined accounted for 16.13 per cent of the total.
In 2019, chemical products, pta, polyesters, as the first and fastest industry leader in the country to implement the polyester-based chain of whole-sector development strategy, developed synergistically in large business blocks, up, down and down, helped to increase companies’ resilience to risks.
Figure 8: The company’s revenue structure became more diversified in 2019, and the net return to the mother has been growing at a high rate since 2016, and the company’s profitability has increased significantly. With the net return to the mother of the company, the net return to the mother was 1,180 billion yuan, the company achieved a net return profit of 10.25 billion yuan in 2019, the first breakthrough.
Production process, fully operational and continuously released in May 2019. In 2019, corporate chemical products, pta, finished oils, polyesters four plates contributed $7.378 billion, $6.489 billion, $3.359 billion, and $3.257 billion respectively.
According to the company, in 2016-2018, the company had 24.33 per cent of the gross margins of each plate, divided into chemical products, pta, finished oils and polyesters.
The rise in the financial cost rate has led to an increase in the cost rate during the company period, but the overall rate is still within reasonable range. Projects such as company refining integration, 1.5 million tonnes per year of ethylene, etc., have continued to be built, with long-term and short-term corporate borrowings showing an overall downward trend to date.
Cash flows are good, and net cash flows from business-related activities are growing in tandem with net profits from homecoming. From 2018 to the first quarter of 2020, the net profits from homecoming have made a significant leap as projects such as company refining integration, ethylene and so on have become operational and continue to release their performance.
Net real cash flows grew year by year, with net cash flows from corporate entrepreneurial activities rising at $730 million in 2016 and increased risk in 2019, leading to the firm ' s long-term stable development.
Refinement: The country ' s refining capacity has grown significantly, the hemospheric petrochemical layouts have become more aggressive 2.1, private refining has gradually broken the monopoly of State-run refineries, and the country ' s refining industry has become increasingly overstretched.
Millions of tons/year, with an average annual compound increase of 4.6%, well above the global rate of 1%. We are now the second largest oil-refining country in the world, after the United States. In April 2019, the International Energy Agency (IEA) released its Oil Market Report 2019, which states that the global oil refining industry will be experiencing a large wave of additional energy by 2024 and a net increase in refining capacity.
About 9 million barrels per day, China is expected to outperform the United States as the largest country in the world in terms of refining oil. As the country’s refining capacity continues to increase, its crude oil processing has remained at a rapid rate of 5.7% per year in 2009–09, and our refinery start-up rate has subsequently risen to around 74.5% in 2019, up from 66.9% in 2009.
This has increased by 7.6 per cent, and the rapid rise in private refining has ushered in a new pattern of integrated development. From 2018 to 2019, thanks to the rapid rise in private refining, such as static petrochemicals and petrochemicals, the country ' s oil refining capacity was maintained at a higher rate than 5 per cent.
The successful launch of the Helium petrochemical and glorified petrochemical integration project marks a new pattern of complete refining and integration. In 2019, the capacity of private refining also increased significantly, from 26 per cent in 2018 to 31 per cent in 2019, while the capacity of “three barrels of oil” and other State-run refineries rose to 31 per cent in 2019.
Compared with 74% in 2018 to 69% in 2019, private industrialization is gradually breaking the state monopoly in the extractive industry.
Figure 16: The percentage of refining capacity in private refining enterprises increased by 5 per cent in 2019. Figure 15: The domestic refining capacity and crude oil processing continued to rise over the decade.
Ji, 2018, 26(5): 42-49, Xu Haifeng, World Oil Refining Industry Development and Trends 2018 [j]. International Oil Economy, 209, 27 (03): The rate of operation of our refineries is below the global average and structural overhang is increasing. According to China ' s petrochemicals,
The Internet reports that in 2019, the rate of operation of global refineries was about 81%, although slightly lower than in 2018, but still at a better level. Among these, United States refineries performed the best, with an average annual rate of about 90%; Asia-Pacific regional refineries were about 85%; and EU regional refineries were about 86%.
To 74.5%, but still significantly below the global average. By 2020, 18.5 million tons of new refining capacity will have been released by China ' s petrochemical, mesochemical and other companies, and the China Petroleum Group ' s Economic Technology Research Institute will still have more than 40 million tons of new refining projects per year in China in 2019.
As early as 2014, the State Council’s Standing Meeting proposed that our petrochemical industry follow the scientific layout and promote the development of a safe environment.
The project will focus on building seven petrochemical industrial bases, including Dalian Changjing Island (West Central Island), Cao Cao Cao, Jiang Su-yun Harbour, Shanghai Bay, Zhejiang Ningbo, Guangdong County, and Fujian Guray. The Xulong Island project, which is a new and old kinetic energy conversion logo project in Shandong Province, has also managed to catch up with the last bus.
The construction of the eighth petrochemical industrial base, which was approved for transfer from stock to stock in June 2020, will boost the country’s petrochemical industry by building high-quality industrial parks, increasing the supply of efficient chemicals and new materials, and contributing to the efficient development of our petrochemical industry.
Figure 17: Eight major petrochemical industry bases are under construction.
During the construction of the 15 million tons of Xuyanglite project, it is expected that it will be fully operational by March 2019;
One smelting, Xinhua smelting, Middle East Sea tons/annual smelting integration project moved here; Gulf smelting, etc., had a total capacity of 50 million.
(a) 20 million tonnes/year refined integration items (Tons/year), which are currently in a state of suspension;
The petrochemical phase had a capacity of 20 million tons, the HYDRA 60 million tons refinery integration project had been launched in 2019, and the second phase was still under construction.
3 phases, currently under construction of 20 million tons, with a refining capacity of 20 million tons; 6 million tons/year refining upgrades in the Great Pulse
Gang Su Lilonghuang, 16 million tonnes/year smelting integration project, Township smelting currently has 23 million tonnes/year refining.
In progress, production is expected by the end of 2021; and, 1 million tonnes/year of ethylene, the size of the future petrochemical industrial park is 3600
15 million tons of annual refined oil, 1.2 million tons of annual ethylene, Shanghai, Fujian, Guray.
20 million tons of high-bridge petrochemicals per year.
Ton/year ethylene fission and 9 chemical plants downstream; No substantial progress is currently being made on the project; Phase II plans 16 million tonnes/year of refined oil,
1.2 million tonnes per year, 3.2 million tonnes/year of aromatic hydrocarbons, Greater Bay, Guangdong, and expected to become operational in 2023;
(a) China Sea oil refining phase I 12 million tonnes and phase II forward planning capacity of 50 million tonnes/year, and b. 10 million tonnes of oil refining project has been put into production;
Production capacity of 5 million tonnes/year, combined aromatic hydrocarbons 10 million tonnes/ installation size of 5.8 million tonnes/year in three instalments in the South China Sea petrochemical (medium crust);
During the construction of the annual oil refining project, the low-cost crude oil dividend is expected to arrive in 2023, with a strong recovery in demand for the finished oil.
In late January 2020, a new coronary pneumonia outbreak broke out in our country, and a number of measures were taken to curb the spread of the new coronary virus, including the closure of cities, travel restrictions and suspensions, the international crude oil market's fear that the spread would result in a sharp reduction in the demand for crude oil, and Brent's crude oil price continued to decline, with a US$ 53.27 reported on 10 February.
On March 6, local time, the Occ+ reduction talks in Vienna failed with a firm Russian attitude. As a result of the news, market confidence was frustrated, the outbreak was compounded, crude oil prices fell sharply, and Saudi Arabia launched a crude oil price war, with Brent crude oil prices reaching $22.74 per barrel on March 31, with a 56 per cent drop in March.
The OEC+ production reduction agreement was finalized and successfully implemented, and the demand for crude oil was gradually restored as the global epidemic subsided, and the scale of the reduction was reduced to 5.8 million barrels per day from January 2021 to April 2022. This was the largest reduction since the OEC+ mechanism was established. The reduction agreement was formally implemented on 1 May, with the implementation of the cut-off agreement.
A smooth global epidemic, and renewed economic activity in various countries, Brent crude oil prices continued to rebound, and in June the measure of 10,000 barrels per day was extended by one month to the end of July. So, after the adverse winds of 2020, international crude oil figures 18: the reverse winds of the international crude oil market began in 2020.
In February 2020, as a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the main refinery started work and the Shandong refinery started work at a low rate of less than 60% in almost a year. In mid-March, the country was able to combat the epidemic with success, with the resumption of work in an orderly manner, the transport and infrastructure industries leading to a return to warmth, and the demand for diesel fuel led to a recovery in the finished oils.
Transport is the backbone of the demand for diesel fuel, and the capital sector will be a breakthrough in the demand for diesel fuel in 2020, and the return of power between the two has effectively contributed to a steady increase in demand for diesel fuel and has also been a major incentive for the consumption of finished oil. According to excellent information, the current stock of finished oil in the country is significantly lower than in February, and gasoline is refined in the mountains.
As well as diesel stocks, for example, petrol stocks at the end of April fell by 38 per cent from those at the end of February and 43 per cent from those at the end of February. The recovery in demand for finished oil led to a gradual recovery in the work load of the country’s refineries in March.
Since March, major refineries have stepped up their reserves of low-cost crude oil and are now consuming high-cost crude oil stocks into the low-cost crude oil dividend period. In late April, the Ministry of Commerce issued the second non-state export allowance for crude oil in late April, which was more than two months ahead of the release in early July of the previous year.
According to information and kpler, the number of oil tankers parked off the coast of China has increased since June, to close to 200. After the gradual easing of the embargo measures in various parts of the country, our market demand has recovered rapidly. According to the General Customs Administration, in May, we imported 47.97 million tons of crude oil, an increase of 19.24 per cent over the same period in 2019, a single month of imports.
In addition, Kpler predicts that the volume of crude oil shipped to the country in June may be as high as 14 million barrels per day, which is expected to rise to an all-time high. With the benefits of the low-cost crude oil dividend period, the refinery has been operating at a high capacity.
By 3 July, Shandong's normal decompression work load had rebounded significantly to 75.37 per cent. 2.3 The company has a double guarantee on crude oil procurement and sales of refined products that will fully enjoy the benefits of the low-yielding crude oil dividend period.
In 2015, the company received approval from the Liaoning Provincial Environmental Agency and the Liaoning Provincial Development and Rehabilitation Board for the construction of a project on refining integration, becoming the first private venture in China to enter the oil refining sector.
According to the company announcement, in April 2018, the National Development Commission agreed to the use of 20 million tonnes/year import of crude oil; and on August 6, 2019, the Ministry of Commerce approved materials for the company's constant refining of non-state crude oil trade import eligibility.
Once again, constant refining has successfully acquired the right to import crude oil, becoming the country's first “oil dual” private refining integrated enterprise (i.e., the right to import crude oil for use and the right to import crude oil). Companies use the form of strategic partnerships in both crude oil procurement and sales channels for refined products, for the benefit of the public.
According to the network of company officials, the company uses a flexible approach to crude oil procurement that combines long-term and short-term agreements to ensure the stability of its crude oil supply channels with sustained optimization of its cost structure; the company's crude oil extraction agreement with Saudi Arabian companies provides strong support for the company's production and operations.
On sales channels, companies have signed strategic cooperation agreements and product marketing agreements with China Oil, China Centralized Group, etc. Products such as finished oils are sold through partners to ensure that refined products are sold smoothly. On 9 July 2020, the Ministry of Commerce again issued a third instalment of imported crude oil quotas ahead of schedule, and the company received 2 million dollars
Tons of crude oil imports. Ministry of Commerce recently issued the third non-state crude oil trade import allowance for 2020, totalling 2,684 million tons, covering the two previous batches, with the Ministry of Commerce issuing a total crude oil import quota of 18,455,000 tons for the whole of 2020, an increase of 11%. The company now receives a crude oil quota of 2 million tons of imported crude oil, and has imported crude oil quotas for 2020.
Over 20 million tons have been accumulated. With the benefit of low-cost crude oil in the second quarter, the company undertook a large-scale reserve ahead of schedule, and it is expected that the company will continue to benefit fully from the dividends of low-cost crude oil in the third quarter, contributing to a further increase in the company’s 3 px: import substitution rapid advance, and the company’s increase in the px self-sufficiency rate will contribute to stability.
Production and cost optimization 3.1. New domestic px production capacity released centrally, import substitution of fast-moving px, i.e., to benzene, is one of the important aromatic products and the main raw material for the production of pta, which is well established
Information statistics show that about 98 per cent of px is used for the production of pta and 2 per cent for the production of dmt (dimethyl esters of benzodiate).b Global px capacity expanded significantly in 2019 and, according to the Institute of Technology for Central Fossil Economics, global px production was 57.7 million tons in 2019, yielding 46.68 million tons, an increase of 12.6 per cent and 3.9 per cent, respectively, in North-East Asia.px
Both supply and demand are among the highest in the world, leading the development of the global px industry. By the end of 2019, North-East Asia combined accounted for 63 per cent of global production and 70 per cent of global demand. Of this, mainland China ranked first in the world in terms of production of px, which, according to Hashimoto, stood at 2,053 million by the end of 2019.
Ten thousand tons, 3.99 million tons, or 17 per cent, 10 per cent, and 7 per cent of global capacity. Global demand for px slowed down in 2019. According to the Institute of Technology for Central petrochemical Economy, global demand for px rose rapidly in 2017 and 2018, respectively, and became the backbone of our supply of px.
There are also limitations to industry development, mainly due to the high entry threshold of our px industry, which is highly demanding in terms of financial requirements, wind resistance, risk resistance and technology, when our px industry was mostly concentrated in large State-owned capital such as China ' s petrochemicals and China ' s oils; and, secondly, the widespread concern about the px toxicity controversy, which also has some popular resistance.
As a result, the px project in our country is slow and the px industry is more import-dependent. After many years of slumping in construction investment, our px industry peaked in 2019, bringing the combined capacity of new px production to 1,075 million tonnes per year in 2019, a 78% increase from the previous year.
The traditional three-barrel-based industry pattern, so far, the capacity of our national refinery industry has occupied half of the wall, and has become the backbone of our supply of px.
There is still a gap in the domestic supply of px, and import substitution is moving fast. We have been the largest market for px tons, rising significantly to 26,62 million tons in 2018, and our average annual compound production of px-based consumption in 2009-2018 has increased at only 8.6% per year, far below the demand increase, leading to a large supply of px.
The gap is high, the import dependency is high, and according to Chewie's data, our import capacity was 60% left right in 2018. In 2019, our px capacity rose in an outbreak, and production of px was significantly higher. According to Trek's data, in 2019, our production of px was 1,464 million tons, an increase of 43.1% over the same period.
This drop to about 50 per cent, a significant 10 per cent decline from 2018, and the concentration of our px capacity has contributed rapidly to the import substitution process in our country’s px industry.
3.2. In the future, our px capacity will be released on a large scale, with a pattern of industry or a change in it, and according to the information from Begawa Tofu and Cheuko, in 2020-2021, we will have about 24 million tons of px in production, and our total px capacity will be over 44 million tons in 2021.
Quick, it can be calculated that we will need about 37.6 million tons of px in 2021, when our px production capacity will be surplus on the basis of self-sufficiency. World px patterns will also change dramatically as this cycle of px expansion is released, and our import dependence is expected to decrease further, with small, high-cost, and small regions in South-East and North-East Asia.
Px devices, which are less developed in the production process, or will lead out, will become the world’s most important px industry centre, and the voice of the world will be further enhanced. 3.3. The current downstream pta high start will provide some support for the px demand, but the price differential for px will continue.
The px price, which is strong compared to the price of pecepha oil, fell to US$ 421/tonne, with a drop of 48.8 per cent compared to the beginning of January, as crude oil prices rebounded in mid-April and px prices increased along the way, moving out of the February-March low, but the px-erebrain oil price gap was relatively weak.
The px price hike did not lead to an expansion of the px-stone oil price gap, but continued to shrink. As of 6 July, the px-stone price gap had narrowed to $99 per tonne, a sharp decline of about 61.7% compared to 1 April, and the profit capacity of the px link was continuously reduced.
Crude oil prices have fallen sharply, px costs have supported a rapid collapse, followed by a decline in the monthly px stock despite a rebound in crude oil prices, which is still in high stock levels, px prices are not sufficiently elastic, and currently px is no longer the main income-generating link for firms that support the “px-pta-polyester” chain.
Figure 27: Px start-up gradually rebounded by the end of February 3.4. Increases in the self-sufficiency of the company ' s refining integration project and stabilization of production and cost optimization of pta. Since there is still a gap in the domestic supply of px, most of the country ' s pta production enterprises still have to move from day to day
In addition, Japan and Korea have long dominated the global supply of px, with a strong pricing capacity, which has led to higher production costs in our country’s pta enterprises being affected by import price fluctuations.
The 20 million tonnes/year refinery integration project was completed, with the company owning two 2.25 million tonnes of px production devices, contributing a total of 4.5 million tonnes per year. Currently, the company has 11.6 million tons per year of pta production, it is expected to go up to some 7.6 million tons of raw materials, and the company's 4.5 million tonnes of px production capacity has been released, making the px self-sustainability maximum possible.
60%. The company’s extension to the px upstream pta section has effectively reduced its import dependence on px, while also filling the supply gap in part of the country’s px, contributing to stable production and cost optimization of the company’s pta product, and will help to enhance our voice and pricing capacity in the global px industry.
4. pta: The company ' s pta industry has a strong leadership position, with downstream polyester consumption growth belts moving pta demand upwards to 4.1 and downstream polyesters with strong developmental resilience, driving pta demand upwards
The greatest demand for pta downstream is derived from pta long silk scrubbing and ptate short fibres. pta is known as benzoacetic acid, oxidized by px to acetic acid, and obtained by pta purification. pta downstream should be used mainly in the fibre optics industry, where 95% of pta is used in polyester products, including polyesters, according to the Beichuan Mobil.
The remaining 5% of fibres (painted silk, scrubbed short fibres), polyester bottles and polyester thin film are used for products such as pvc plasticizer dotp. Of these, 75% are polyester fibres (painted silk and scrubber short fibres) products, the most important downstream application of pta, and the bulk of civil scrubbed silk and scrubbed short fibres are used mainly in the textile and clothing industry, and the fermentation industry silk.
Main applications in the area of automobiles: 20% polyester bottles, mainly in beverage packaging: about 5% polyester film, mainly in printing, packaging, electronics. Figure 31: Plassing filament and plywood short fibres are the most important downstream applications of pta
Figure 30: 95% of pta applied to polyester products. The growth in the demand for platinum longlines showed greater development resilience, leading to simultaneous growth in the demand for pta. In 2014, overall global economic growth slowed, downstream demand weakened, and consumption of platinum longlines dropped to almost a decade ago.
At its lowest point, the pta watch consumption rate has stagnated to 2.34% in the last decade. Since 2016, the global economy has been warming, the country’s long silk industry has been recovering, and consumption of long wires and pta watch has been rising steadily. In 2019, as a result of the slowdown in China’s economic growth and friction in China’s trade with the United States, the textile and clothing industry has been on the rise.
The overall air level has again declined, and the growth in internal sales and external demand has slowed. But even in the face of an unfavourable external climate, the consumption of the long below-the-shelf has grown at a very high rate. According to the source, in 2019, the consumption of the long line of the country showed a high growth rate of 8.1%, showing greater development resilience; in 2019, the pta showed a strong growth rate.
Consumption of 4,427 million tons has kept pace with the silt-like growth, which is 9.31% higher in 2018 than in the same year, and continues to be strong. We see that downstream polyester products, especially the silt-line demand, will remain high and pta demand will grow in parallel.
4.2 The continued expansion of production capacity in pta increases oversupply pressures, and future or new industrial integration rounds indicate a steady increase in global production capacity from 45,490,000 tons in 2009 to 78,96 million tons in 2019, based on data from the Institute of Technology for the Central Fossil Economy (IETEC), with an average annual compound growth rate of 5.6 per cent.
Industry is concentrated in the Asian region, where according to the China Industrial Information Network and ccf, Asian pta capacity in 2019 and Chinese pta capacity in 2019 amounted to 67.9 million tons and 4,898 million tons, respectively, accounting for 86 per cent and 62 per cent of total global capacity, while our pta capacity in 2009 was only 12.1 million tons, representing only 27 per cent of the world ' s total, and has expanded significantly over a decade.
At the demand side, Asia is also the main consumer market for pta, with its consumption accounting for 80% of total global consumption in 2019. Of this, we are the world’s largest consumer of pta, with consumption at 55%.
Market supply and demand dominates. Figure 33: Per capita capacity of our pta continues to rise 2014 (01): 35-41, Zhao Mingyang. Supply and demand situation and trends in the polyester industry chain in 2014
The pta industry, which has experienced a three-wheel expansion from 2009 to 2019, is currently facing oversupply. Since 2000, with the rapid development of the downstream polyester industry, the pta industry has gradually entered a period of rapid growth, with capacity rising year by year, with a significant increase in production in 2012 of 64 per cent compared to that of the previous year.
As a result, dependence has declined, and our pta has largely ceased to depend on imports since 2013. After the second round of significant expansion of production capacity in 2014, our pta industry began to show a pattern of supply and demand that exceeded demand, with a 65% start rate in the year ccf. Since then, our pta capacity has been expanding at a slower pace, and it is lagging behind in the post-2015 period.
Since the beginning of this year, our pta industry has reached a third small peak in expansion, with ccf showing that, by the end of 2019, our pta capacity stood at 4,893,000 tons, an increase of nearly 7 per cent compared to the previous year, increasing the pressure on our pta industry to oversupply.
The pta production capacity of the major petrochemicals, stubble petrochemicals, helium petrochemicals, and the shares of KiriQun is among the four highest in the country. The pta production capacity of the four major petrochemical companies accounts for about 53% of our total production capacity, and our pta industry is more concentrated.
In other words, the cost of investment in expansion is lower because there is a certain production base. For example, the sum of investment in the constant petrochemical projects is expected to be $6,731 million, while the sum of investment in the installation of 2.5 million tons of pta devices in Fujian is $5,72 billion. Second, the core cost competitiveness of pta is based on equipment and process, which is typical of subsequent success.
So, against the backdrop of increased competition in the industry, the advantage of leading firms has become more pronounced. The pta’s capacity is expected to rise in the coming year, with 12.7 million tons of pta’s capacity expected to be released, and the population is expected to be able to do so.
According to the company’s network of officials, the fourth production line for Helium petrochemical production of 2.5 million tons per year was launched in January 2020, and the fifth production line of 2.5 million tons of pta was put into operation by the end of June 2020; in addition, the first phase of new materials will be 3 million tons and the second phase of the 2 million tons pta project will be launched in 2020.
The pressure on the pta will increase even further. In recent years, small-scale devices of around 10,000 tons that we have put into production will become less competitive, and some of the behind-loading will be shut down under the pressure of excess capacity, and the pta industry will be in a new round of industrial integration.
4.3. Helium petrochemicals as the leader of the pta industry, with strong integration and size advantages, put a total of 11.6 million tons of pta production capacity in 2012-2020 and a strong industry leader. In 2012, the company completed the production of two 2.2 million tons of annual production pta production lines in one phase; in 2015, 2.2 million tons of pta in two instalments.
Installations were put into operation; in the first quarter of 2020, the production line of 42.5 million tons of pta was successfully put into operation; at the end of June 2020, the company ' s fifth pta production unit, which currently has a total capacity of 11.6 million tons, was in the vanguard of the industry.
Production lines are based on British Wittap7 technology, and production lines 4 and 5 are based on the industry’s leading British Wittap8 technology. In the future, with the continued expansion of pta’s capacity, competition patterns in the industry have increased, a new round of integration has been introduced, older small and medium-sized devices have been phased out or will be phased out.
The vanity and backward advantage will become more evident, benefiting from the advantages of an integrated whole-of-the-industry chain in terms of sophistication, market share, pricing voice, and greater profitability of company pta operations. Through the refining of the primaryization project, the company has succeeded in achieving self-sufficiency of raw materials such as pta upstream px, and has improved pta to a greater extent.
Production costs. According to the company ' s annual report, since 2019, after the launch of the refining integration project, the company pta ' s operating costs have fallen from $5024/ton in 2018 to $3901/ton, a significant 29% reduction; the pta ' s Māori ratio has risen significantly from 8.48% in 2018 to 22.66% in 2019, and the Māori rate is above the industry average.
Pta products have become the company ' s main profit point, with pta operations contributing $6.5 billion or 31 per cent of the company ' s total Māori in 2019, and with the opening of the fifth 2.5 million tons of pta production line by the end of June 2020, the public sector ' s pta production capacity has expanded and future pta operations will continue to release performance and become an important profit growth for the company.
In addition, the company's downstream extension of pta production capacity can effectively smooth down the risk of px, with a strong resilience to the risk. Figure 39: The company invested 11.6 million tons of pta production capacity in 2012-2020
The pta price difference has increased with the rebound in crude oil prices. Since January 2020, $66.03 per barrel has fallen significantly to $19.5 per barrel on January 1, 2020, with a fall of up to 70.46 per cent; pta prices have fallen from $4860 per ton on January 1, to $2955 per ton on April 22, 2020.
39.20 per cent; pta-px price differentials, which have declined significantly since the outbreak of the domestic epidemic in February, have gradually increased, followed by a recovery in crude oil prices and demand, with average price differentials of $465 per ton, 620 per ton and 695 per ton for March-May, respectively.
As a result, pta prices were affected by the decline in crude oil compared to px by a 54.3 per cent, 33.4 per cent, and 12.1 per cent, while pta prices rebounded, pta prices were more elastic than px, profits were shifted to pta-px, and pta-px price differentials increased pta profit margins, which would bring company pta operations.
Longline detergents have greater developmental resilience, corporate polyesters have more developmental resilience in the future, 5.1. Longline detergents are still expected to remain high in demand in the future. Longline scrubbers have the advantages of strength, heat stability, elasticity and dyeability, mainly in dry clothing.
In the domestic and industrial fields, the apparel, swirling and industrial applications account for 44%, 27%, and 28%, respectively, according to the original information. The main applications are in the garment and swirling areas, with the main products being poy, dty, and fdy, of which poy is the most used.
The molten filament has two production processes: a smelting straight and a slicing swirling, where the molten swirling takes pta and meg as a polyester molten body directly to swirling: a slicing slicing swirling requires that the polymer molten first be made as a slice and then sent to swirling. The smelting and slicing swirling have their own advantages, and the swirling of the molten is characterized by a short process.
Large-scale industrial production is usually based on direct smelting of the molten body, the ease of switching and the flexibility of slicing varieties. Industry, 2014, 27(04):1-3. petrochemicals are connected to the elixir industry, with textiles, clothing, automobiles and other industrial areas, and with other industries.
In 2014, the country ' s macroeconomic growth slowed down, compared to 5.8% per year, with the textile and clothing sector warming up after 2015, downstream demand recovering, and consumption of long-skinned silks returning to growth. In 2018, the demand for long-silent silk rose to a small peak, and in 2018, the demand for long-skinned silk rose.
Long-silling consumption stood at 2,658 million tons, an increase of 11.6 per cent over the previous five years, the highest growth rate in nearly five years. In 2019, the long-silver industry, despite being affected by external circumstances such as the slowdown in global economic growth and trade friction between the United States and the United States, showed strong development resilience, with demand for long-silling still rising by 8.1 per cent in 2019.
A sustained recovery from the completion of real estate will help boost household demand for spin-off supplies. At the end of 2016 and the first half of 2019, the country’s real estate market, under the control of the “shelter-free, city-in-policy” regulator, maintained a steady growth forecast, with new home construction moving faster than ever before, gradually departing from the same increase in the area of completion and slowing down the pace of construction.
In August 2019, the construction of houses was gradually reduced by a “scissors failure”, and in August, real estate development investments totalled 13,19.4 billion yuan, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period, with residential investments of 9,701 million yuan, an increase of 13.9 per cent; commercial housing was sold 175,558 million square metres, a decrease of 0.1 per cent over the same period; and residential sales were among them.
A total of 1.5,144 million square metres, an increase of 1.5 per cent over the same period. Sustained warming of real estate will help boost household demand for spin-off products.
With the rapid growth of our economy and the expansion of the downstream application of the scrubber industry, the consumption of the scrubber industry rose rapidly from 2012 to 2014, according to Drove Information and Mid-Fibre Network data.
The annual consumption of the scrubber industry was 1.03 million tons, an increase of 33.77 per cent over the 770,000 tons recorded in 2012; however, consumption of the scrubber industry declined in 2015 as the economy grew at a slower pace than in 2016, as a result of a general slowdown in the global economic situation, a slowdown in domestic economic growth and a decline in the demand for the scrubber industry downstream.
With a slow, steady overall improvement, and a steady recovery in the consumption of the model industry, the country ' s consumption as of 2019 stood at 13,346 tons, an increase of 5.3% from the previous year, the industry is now gaining momentum. With the growth of the automobile industry and the breakthrough in product technology, car safety belts, airbags and tyre curtains,
Car silk products represent the largest downstream demand in the country’s scrubber industry. As of 2018, the share of car silk products in the scrubber industry has reached 40%, ranking first. We expect that car silk will remain around 10% as the car industry grows itself and as domestic secure car silks become more visible.
The rate of growth, which led to higher demand for industrial silk, and the source securities, figure 44: China’s consumption of piling silk has recovered since 2016.
Fig. 45: 40% of vehicle silk applications up to 2018
In 2009-2019, we experienced a steady expansion of silk production and production, and according to excellent information, in 2009 we had 1,852,000 tons of silk production and 1340 tons of silk production, in 2019 we had 4,061 million tons of silk production and 31.4 million tons of silk production, and in 2009-2019 we had a cagr of silk production and production, respectively.
Up to 8.2 per cent and 8.9 per cent, the rate of industrial start-up has risen in the last five years, rising to around 77 per cent in 2019, and the concentration of the long silk industry in the country has now reached a high level, with 53 per cent of the production capacity of the long silk production of the dragon-headed enterprises, the shares of Kion-kun, the new Feng Min, the persistent fossilization, the hemorrhoid petrochemicals, the Orient rainbows, and the glorified petrochemicals.
On the right or the left. But the vanguards have not stopped their expansion, and the future stubble shares, Suh Fung Ming, stubble petrochemicals, helium petrochemicals, glorified petrochemicals, and the Orient rainbows together will deliver 9.3 million tons of long silk production, which is expected to be phased out, and the big dragons will continue to expand, depending on their size and technological advantages, with a concentration of industry.
Further upscaling will lead to the long-term growth of the strong. 5.3. Corporate polyester products are more competitive, moving towards the new materials industry, where the companies start with polyesters, and are still more competitive in polyesters.
The product covers a wide range of species such as poy, fdy, dty, lilac, polyester membrane, pbt engineering materials, etc., which can be widely used in textiles, clothing, automobiles, etc. The company now owns about 2.8 million tons of high-end polyester production capacity, including 1.55 million tons of wire (melting) and industrial scrubbers.
In addition, the company is building 1.35 million tonnes/year of filamentary capacity and 200,000 tonnes/year of industrial (car wire) capacity. The company ' s upstream and downstream industrial chain has strong synergies, focusing on balanced product structure development and increasing the competitiveness of polyester products.
The company has developed new materials to further enhance industry competitiveness and product value-added. The company is committed to turning the controlled stock company, Confuchi, into a new material production base leading the industry.
(b) Projects under construction include 80,000 tons pbt, 2 x 33,000 tons of high barrier, multifunctional polyester film, and 330,000 tons of pbat degradable plastics.
(pbt) conglomerates with pba and pbt properties, with good scalability, fragmentation, heat resistance, and good biodegradability, are widely applied downstream in plastic film, packaging, one-time appliances, etc. As environmental policy continues to advance, public environmental awareness increases, technological advances and costs decrease
Low, pbat materials have a wide market space. The company’s new material business will continue to be configured in a way that will enable the company further to upgrade its industry’s competitiveness, extend the industry value chain and increase the value added of its products. Figure 49: The Māori ratio of corporate polyester products is on the rise
Ethylene: ethylene production in our country has been growing at a high rate, private enterprise production is expected to continue at 6.1 per cent, and ethylene production in our country is expected to be the second highest in the world. The ethylene production in the private sector is expected to increase further, and the ethylene production in the Asia-Pacific region is growing year by year.
ethane, propane, butane, coal-based hydrocarbons (cto) and methanol-based hydrocarbons (mto), which account for a larger share of the oil from the quartz, which, according to a search-fox press report, was 42 per cent of the world ' s ethylene vinyl glycerine in 2017, 1 billion tons, has risen from year to year, reaching 186 million tons of world ethylene production in 2019, with an annual compound increase over nine years.
In 2018, the Asia-Pacific region produced about 60 million tons of ethylene annually, or 34 per cent of the world ' s total capacity, leading the world; immediately followed by the North American region, where ethylene produced about 45.777 million tons, or 26 per cent of the world ' s total capacity; Europe and the Middle East accounted for 18 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively.
The current trend is three-fold, contributing 3.7841 million tonnes of ethylene annual capacity, 2.5329 million tonnes, and 15855,000 tonnes respectively, accounting for about 45% of global ethylene capacity.
Figure 50: 42 per cent of global ethylene feedstocks in 2017 were quartz oils, Figure 52: Asia-Pacific ethylene production leading the world in 2018, Figure 53: United States, China, Saudi ethylene production accounted for 45 per cent of global capacity in 2018
Our ethylene production is growing faster, and steam breaks are our main ethylene production route. Our ethylene production capacity is 15.8 million tons per year in 2009 and 28,89 million tons per year in 2019. This represents an average annual compound growth rate of 6.9 per cent over the decade, double the annual compound growth rate of world ethylene production capacity.
With the significant expansion of production capacity, ethylene production has also been growing at a rapid rate, but domestic ethylene production has continued to decline, with 71 per cent of ethylene production in 2019, down 19 per cent from 2010.
Based on steam cracking, the capacity of the ethylene-based route in 2018 was as high as 74.1%; the capacity of coal/methanol-based ethylene has reached 25.6%, well above the global average of about 6%, owing to the country’s small coal-rich oil and gas. Private enterprises are expected to increase their capacity even further in 2019, when they opened the ethylene expansion sequence.
According to the Institute of Technology for Central Fossil Economics, in 2019, the country ' s total ethylene production capacity amounted to 2,585 million tons, an increase of 14.2 per cent compared to the previous year, the largest increase in the last nine years, with the addition of private refining, such as helium petrochemicals and Xinpos, accounting for about 76 per cent of the total new production capacity, while the share of ethylene production in private enterprises rose further to 16 per cent.
In addition to the ethylene projects in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, and the United States of America.
This growth is expected to result in the release of about 20 million tons of new ethylene production. In the future, the capacity ratio of private enterprises will increase further with the introduction of ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene chemistry, rainbow refining, petrochemical phase II. Figure 54: Rapid expansion of our ethylene production capacity in 2010-2019
Figure 55: Our ethylene energy utilization rate continued to decline in 2010-2019. 6.2 As a result of strong downstream demand, our consumption of ethylene continued to increase at a high rate. The main ethylene downstream derivatives were polyethylene, epoxy ethylene, ethylene, styrene, polyvinyl chloride, etc.
Chemical products, with the largest share of polyethylene, about 66%, are the core areas of ethylene consumption; and secondly, ethanol and ethylene ethylene ethylene accounted for 16% and 5% respectively. According to China ' s Energy Chemical Development Report 2020, ethylene production in 2019 amounted to 2,02,200 tonnes, with an apparent consumption of 23,02 million tonnes and a deficit of 2.5 million tonnes.
Our ethylene surface consumption has been growing at a high rate in recent years, rising by 9.7% in 2019, the largest increase in nearly five years. In 2019, the price gap between domestic polyethylene reclamation and new ones has narrowed, leading to a gradual seizure of domestic polyethylene reclamation.
Second, increased trade friction between Central America and the United States has led to a domestic boom in the export of downstream products, which has contributed to some of the increase in consumption of ethylene; the express delivery and take-out packaging industries have been growing faster in recent years and, according to the Institute of Technology for Central Fossil Economics, the consumption of polyethylene packaging in this area increased by about 2019.
For 20-30%, consumption of ethylene has increased somewhat. Moreover, domestic production of cement has been reheated by infrastructure, leading to an increase in water-reducing agent consumption, and an increase in consumption of ethylene ethylene ethylene, the main feedstock of the water-reducing agent, indirectly stimulated. In 2018-2019, demand for polyethylene, the main application downstream of ethylene, increased at a rate of up to 15%.
Around April 2020, the demand for polyethylene remained at 4.1 per cent, with good prospects for development, despite the impact of the epidemic. 6.3 The company 1.5 million tons of ethylene project will maximize the benefits of refining integration.
In February 2018, the company launched the 1.5 million tonnes/Neptune Ethylene Project, which has a total of 12 devices for steam fission and upstream/downstream integration, including 1.8 million tonnes of ethanol (90,000 tonnes x 20), 720,000 tonnes of styrene, 400,000 tonnes of high-density polyethylene (hdpe), 400,000 tonnes of polypropylene (pp) and 140,000 tonnes of butadiene.
The Ethylene Project, built in the Hemochemical Industries Park on Changjing Island, adjacent to the 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project, can reduce the cost of transportation of raw materials. The Ethylene Project is supplied by various refineries of the refining integration project ' s dry gas, n-butane, and quartz cerebral oils, making full use of the by-products of the refining integration device, maximizing the benefits of refining integration.
The ethylene project is fully post-partum and allows the company to achieve full coverage and self-sufficiency of another polyester feedstock ethylene. Currently, the company has completed the calibration and optimization of the ethylene installation area and will be officially commercialized in July 2020.
pta: The company's fourth 2.5 million tons of pta production line came into production in January 2020, and the fifth 2.5 million tons of pta production line was officially released by the end of June 2020, which will contribute to the company's performance. The future competition in the pta industry is becoming more intense, but the company has a full-chain advantage.
Chemicals: The company ' s 150-ton Ethylene project was officially commercialized in July 2020 and has been in operation since the third quarter
In addition to this, 80,000 tons of pbt and 66,000 tons of polyester membrane are expected to continue production in 2020-2021. Let's assume that the company will choose the industry's leading industry in refining to carry out comparable company valuations.
The company is currently 8.17 times more than the average of 15.09 times the comparable company; the company is currently 2.28 times the pb, slightly more than the average pb of 2.03 times the comparable company. We believe that helium petrochemicals, as the leader of the pre-production private major refining industry in the eight petrochemical industry bases, is now fully in the performance release period and the low-cost crude oil dividend period.
Crude oil prices have fallen sharply, production capacity has fallen short of expectations, downstream demand has slowed, business production is safe, and there is a greater financial risk in the short term due to higher ratios of indebtedness.