Major marginal improvements are expected in the growth rate of the Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services at Camp q2
In the first half of the 19th year, income from business was 21.541 billion yuan, or 12.5 per cent more; net profit from repatriation was 273 million yuan, or 39.5 per cent more; net profit from non-repatriation was 241 million yuan, or 32.4 per cent more.
The second quarter of the company’s growth rate was only 2.6%, a low of nearly seven years, mainly affected by the slowdown in capital spending by Internet producers. About 60% of the company’s income came from large Internet customers, while the Internet generated about 60% of the revenue.
As a result of this, the market has anticipated earlier publication of demand data for idc, capital expenditure data for giants, etc. The large cost increases during the period contributed to profit elasticity by multiple factors, and continued improvement in net operating cash flows.
The six-monthly increase in sales costs of 49.2 per cent is mainly related to the company's expansion of offshore markets; the management costs of the same is related to 1. “Trends will come, opportunities will come: why do we see the intensity of research and development of new products; financial costs will fall by the same 52.4 per cent, mainly in receivables transfers and cash”.
2. "According to the wind, the average lending balance has decreased since the first-wave global hit came back. Under a 30.5 per cent increase in the overall cost of the period, the company ' s share of 100 million dollars has led to a firm ' s net gain in non-repatriation far faster than the increase in revenue.
The same increase of 58.3% is a continuation of the positive trend since 4q18, showing that companies are working well to improve their up-and-down periods, control the pace of procurement, and enhance their recovery. Significant marginal improvements are expected in the second half of the year, and the current point is worth setting.
Central procurement is generally concentrated in three or four quarters, and from the results of research and tracking data, the demand for idc from North American head cloud producers has warmed since the beginning of the three quarters, with a significant increase in the purchase of light modules; the demand for idc from domestic head cloud producers has also rebounded noticeably. In addition, some competitors have been affected by trade frictions between China and the United States.
A degree of business contraction has led to an improvement in the pattern of competition faced by companies. Thus, the corporate server industry has reached its bottom in the second quarter, with significant marginal improvements expected in the second half of the year and a return to the high profile starting next year.
Uncertainty: Uncertainty in the distribution of shares.