Double profit is on the way: the cloud is warming +5g, and the power of the edges is rising at a better rate of profit. The longer the company stands, the stronger it is, the better it is, the stronger it is, and the better it is, the better it is for the edge and the better it is for the arithmetic.
By 12.5%, q2 received a flat share of $11.8 billion, largely affected by the slowdown in capital spending in the downstream cloud sector. But the company was faced with an almost 40% increase in net profits, improved gross profits through product innovation, interest rate hikes of 0.15 pct to 11.58%, improved account periods and enhanced repayments led to significant operating cash flows.
According to idc data, the share of global cloud servers delivered by company q1 is 12.4%, the world’s largest cloud server, with more than 50% of the country’s hardware infrastructure. The scale effect is clear, and the country’s first position is stronger.
Capital spending in the cloud industry is expected to recover and growth in h2 is expected to recover. Medium forecast: based on the idc Guide to Global Semi-Annual Public Cloud Services Expenditure, the Asia-Pacific region (excluding Japan) is projected to spend $26 billion (+47.1 per cent) on cloud services and infrastructure in 2019, and is projected to reach 2023
At $76.1 billion, in five years the cagr was 33.9%, in 2019 the laas accounted for 50.2% of the public cloud expenditure, and China’s public cloud expenditure will reach $12.9 billion. On the micro-performance side: the country’s public cloud head, Ariyun, the biggest customer in the wave, grew by more than 60% in fiscal year 2020 q1 and the tsong cloud performed better.
As the 5g build-up spreads, cloud computing and storage resources are expected to grow, and the cloud vendor's capital is expected to grow, and the company's growth of h2 is expected to recover, based on the previous market convergence advantage. Shares are the best option.
While short-term borrowing declined by 32%, it reached 2.6 billion and $9.018 million in financial costs eroded profits.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Downstream demand recovery is not as expected; stock allocation is not as fast as expected.
Sun Wei-Liang.