Big banks (601818): The interest gap has led to higher profits, and the first-class wealth management bank has great potential for transformation.
Incident: 27 March, Grand Bank published its 2019th annual report. The net return profit was 37.35 billion, an increase of 11.0 per cent, compared with 11.0 per cent in the same year; the revenue was 13.281 billion, an increase of 20.5 per cent in the same year; and the annual roe 11.77 per cent, an increase in the same amount, was established in August 1992 in China.
A provision of 181.62 per cent was made for a capital adequacy rate of 9.2 per cent at the core level.
Large banks were listed on their rolls in August 2010 and net profits increased by 11.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 19 years, largely benefiting from growth in size (8.1 per cent on an asset-on-year basis in 19 years) and wide spreads in interest (34 bp on a year-on-year increase in a comparable calibre).
At the end of the 19th year, the balance of corporate loans increased by 12% over the year; at the end of the 4th quarter, the ratio of credit to credit was 35.78% and 38.35%, respectively.) At the end of the 19th year, the share of large bank deposits in interest-bearing liabilities increased to 70.8%; and the share of personal deposits in deposits increased by 4.1pct to 4.1% over the same period.
In 19 years, the net interest differentials increased, benefiting mainly from higher rates of return on loans. In 19 years, large banks recorded a $2.31 per cent difference in net interest, a 34bp increase in comparable calibres and a 31bp to 6.62 per cent increase in the rate of return on interest-bearing assets and the cost of interest-bearing debt. In 2020, monetary policy sustained the economy and reduced the real economy.
The cost of financing, the rate of return on the industry’s assets, may continue to fall; the eased liquidity environment may help the company’s owner to lower the cost of moving a liability and reduce the pressure on the end of the liability; the year’s interest spread is expected to be low or small.
17.17 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in bank card charges (over half of the median); in finance, concern about the loan rate, the rate of overdue loans, and the decline in the average loan ratio of 90 days late, with potential adverse pressures compared to investment proposals: large banks lean back to the group, with significant synergies and traditional advantages for public operations; and, at the same time,
The value-creating capacity of retail business is increasing, and the transformational effect is evident: it is expected that the company’s retail advantage business will be more effective under the strategy of “building a first-class wealth-management bank.” And with less adverse pressure, the company’s 2020 0.8-fold pb target was valued for the first time with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn The source of Eastern financial and intellectual booms.
Net profits increased at a higher rate than the previous year, and the growth of revenues and apps slowed down. Big banks realized $13,281 billion in 19 years, an increase of 20.5 per cent; net profits increased by 23.1 per cent before the provision was made, at a rate similar to that of 18 years; net profit returns increased by $37,350 million, with an increase of 4.28 pcc/performance split over 18 years: 19 years of performance growth was positive in terms of size, interest differentials, cost, taxes, negative contributions were non-interest, and provided for.
Increased contributions, reduced negative contributions to profits and improved marginal contributions. Differences, costs, tax revenues are decreasing and non-constrained contributions are increasing.
Table 2: Disaggregated performance of big banks (single-season ring comparison) Table 3: Analysis of du Pont by big banks in 2019
2. Loans slowed down and deposits remained high at the end of 19 years. The size of large bank loans and interest-bearing assets was 2.7 trillion yuan and 4.6 trillion yuan, respectively, increasing by 12.0 per cent and 8.1 per cent, respectively, respectively, at a rate of 18 years and 7.2 per cent and +0.6 per cent, respectively; the loan balance grew by 2.07 per cent in the fourth quarter, slowing down the increase.
Mortgage loans and credit card loans accounted for 35.78 per cent and 38.35 per cent, respectively. (2) At the end of 19 years, the share of large bank deposits in interest-bearing debt had increased to 70.8 per cent; personal deposits had increased by 4.1 pct to 25.1 per cent on the same basis; and the debt structure had continued to optimize.
At the end of the asset, the rate of return on loans in 19 years increased by 19 bp to 2.58% on a comparable basis.
1h19 drops by only 4bp, less affected by the lpr downside. Monetary policy is expected to focus on sustaining the economy in 2020, reducing the cost of real-estate financing, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Figure 11: Large banks increased their lending returns by 19 bp on a year-on-year basis, the ring-time earnings increased at a higher rate, and bank card charges contributed mainly. Net fee revenue increased by 17.17 per cent in 2019, mainly due to increases in bank cards and fees; the cost of cross-expenditures decreased at a faster rate (18.08 per cent vs. 19th year, 5.64 per cent).
In 19 years, large banks accumulated $3.62 trillion in non-insurable property, compared to $778.837 million in non-insurable property balances at the end of 19 years, an increase of 13.04 per cent; net-value products accounted for 42.93 per cent.
4. Assets are of excellent quality, stock is well set, and we believe that the company ' s roa and roe are expected to move forward in the coming years. The main logic is that the company has a better base of business customers, a better pool of savings pressure.
Smaller: below the cost of policy-guiding real-economy financing, with a narrow or smaller margin of interest. At the middle end, credit card operations continue to function; with the opening of a financial subsidiary, the middle-income recovery will be gradually restored, with strong support for the middle-income. Risk control capacity will gradually increase, and the current adverse pressure will be smoother; provision will be smoother. Performance is expected to be at a better level of equity.
In 2020, monetary policy focused on maintaining a stable economy, reducing the cost of real-economy financing, and continuing to lower the rate of return on industrial assets; at the same time, the liquidity environment was more liberal, with lower market interest rates, or contributed to corporate active indebtedness.
(3) Credit card growth and the resumption of financial operations will support the increase in revenue. Currently, large banks account for more than half of their credit card contributions and are still a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Large banks (601818): interest differentials have led to higher profitability, high potential for transformation of the “first-class wealth management bank” Economic slowdown has led to a deterioration in asset quality; unexpected changes in regulatory policy, etc.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the forest, the source of the forest, the source of the world's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east, the source of the world's wealth, the source of the world, the source of the world, the source of the world,
Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom. Years of experience in banking, career studies in gold securities, seaton securities, Skywind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that large banks (601818): interest differentials lead to higher profits, and the potential for the transformation of the “first-class wealth management bank” does not guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and fairness, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.