The Brazilian Mero2 project, the second phase of the development of the land-rich oil complex, was successfully launched.
2) According to information from China Ocean Oil Company Ltd., on 3 January 2024, China Ocean Oil Company Ltd. announced the launch of the second phase of the development of the land-based oil complex. 1) The company is firmly committed to the implementation of increased production in storage, with the production of oil and gas both in and out of the country leading by industry averages and project cost advantages;
2) The Brazilian Mero2 project was launched on 2 January 2024, and the Mero oil field is Brazil’s third largest oil field, with a total of 4 production units. The Mero2 project, which was launched, was the second project to be produced in the field, with 180,000 barrels of crude oil production capacity, and the future of the Mero oil field where the project is located, is still to be developed, with 9.65 per cent of China’s sea oil interests;
3) The second phase of the development of the land-rich oil complex was launched on 3 January 2024, and the land-rich field complex is located in the eastern sea of the South China Sea. It is expected that the current peak production of approximately 22,600 barrels per day of crude oil will be realized in 2025, with China's sea oil having a 100 per cent interest in the project and acting as an operator; 4) the price of oil will continue to be maintained in mid- and high-lying areas in 2024, while the upstream oil and gas exploitation plate will remain high. Oil prices have been disturbed by the situation in the Middle East in the recent past, and Saudi Arabia continues to be active.
As the global economy recovers, demand continues to grow modestly, and the overall supply and demand balance remains tight. Given the fiscal balance costs of Opec+, it is expected that oil prices will remain medium-to-high in 2024, upstream oil and gas platforms 5) our gas consumption market has a high potential, marine gas production is growing rapidly, and there is much scope for project development, according to the 13th Five-Year Oil Nation.
The Gas Resources Assessment shows that the size of natural gas resources in the sea area of Jinhai is only 18%, while deep-water areas such as the South and East Seas still have large undetected reserves of natural gas. The potential for surplus marine natural gas resources and scope for future company projects are high.
According to the company network, on 2 January 2024, China Ocean Oil Ltd. announced the safe commissioning of the Mero2 project in Brazil. The Mero field is the third largest oil field in Brazil, located in the lower basin of Santos Salt in the south-eastern part of Brazil. The plans for the development of the field include Mero1, Mero2, Mero3 and Mero4, a total of four production units. The Mero2 project was the second after the Mero1 project.
About 180 kilometres from Rio de Janeiro, with water depths ranging between 1,800 and 2,100 metres, the development of a model of traditional deep-water production systems, i.e. floating production of oil discharge units (fps0) plus underwater production systems. Sixteen wells were planned for development, of which eight were produced, eight were fed, and 180,000 barrels of crude oil were produced.
On 3 January 2024, China Ocean Oil Co. Ltd. announced the launch of the second phase of the development of the field complex.
In the eastern part of the South China Sea, the average depth is approximately 136 metres, consisting mainly of 8-1 oil fields, 9-2 oil fields and 14-8 oil fields. The project involves the construction of a new drilling platform, with 14 development wells planned, 13 of which are for oil and 1 water well. It is expected that peak crude oil production of approximately 22,600 barrels per day will be achieved in 2025. China’s sea oil has a 100 per cent interest in the project and serves as an operator.
Oil prices will remain at mid-to-high intervals in 2024, while upstream oil and gas plates will remain high. Brent crude oil prices averaged $77.3 per barrel in December 2023, down by $4.7 per barrel; wti crude oil prices averaged $72.3 per barrel, down by $5.0 per barrel.
The low demand for fees and the wide price of crude oil fell; in late December, Yemen's Al-Houthi armed attack on ships travelling through the Red Sea led to the obstruction of the Red Sea route and increased transport costs raised concerns about the tight supply of crude oil in the market; in December, the Federal Reserve had released a stronger signal to the market from the “crowds” and expected higher interest rates, leading to a steady recovery of oil prices; and, despite Angola's announcement of withdrawal from Opc, it had been able to withdraw.
Oil prices have recently been affected by the situation in the Middle East, the continued voluntary decline in production in Saudi Arabia, and the end of the Fed’s interest increase. As the global economy recovers, demand continues to grow modestly, and overall demand and demand remains tight.
The country’s gas-consumption market has high potential, the production of marine gas has grown rapidly, and there is scope for project development. Our gas-based consumption has grown at an average annual rate of 8.57%, but in 2023 we had about 42.6% of the country’s external gas stock, which is still relatively high.
According to data from the Ministry of Natural Resources, the production of marine natural gas in the first three quarters of 2023 was 9.7 per cent higher than in the previous three quarters.
According to the “13th Five-Year National Assessment of Hydrocarbon Resources,” the size of the gas resources in the sea is 2.92 trillion, with a detection rate of only 18%, while deep water areas in the South and East Seas, among others, still contain large undetected reserves of gas. The potential of the remaining marine natural gas resources is large, and there is scope for future company projects.
China’s sea oil and gas production is increasing at a significant rate, with high-quality global oil and gas field resources, and companies maintain industry’s leading cost advantages through sustained upswings, full process cost control, and technological innovation. As the company’s output increases, both at home and abroad, oil prices are expected to remain high in 2024.
Risks of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; risks of natural disasters; risks of new projects not being produced as expected; geopolitical risks; policy risks Author ensures that data used in reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party by reasoning judgement or drawing conclusions; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future