China Sea Oil (600938.sh) incident: On 25 January 2024, China Sea Oil released strategic outlook information for 2024.
China Ocean Oil (0883.hk) has maintained high levels of capital spending, with a significant share of development spending.
Production expenditure structure 18%: 59%: 21%, company exploration/exploitation/production expenditure as a percentage of 2024 \triangleright \triangleright
The current oil and gas production is about 675 million barrels, exceeding the target of 650-660 million barrels at the beginning of the year. 2024 China Sea Oil (600938.sh): High oil prices + low valuation + 200,000 barrels per day of additional equity oil and gas production, representing an increase of 87 per cent in domestic projects.
High dividends continue to materialize, and China Sea Oil is gaining historic opportunity. 2025 took over the seven-year action plan of China Sea Oil Group, with a target production of 78.8 to 8 million barrels, the target production hub grew by 11.27 per cent in the same year, and overseas production increased by 2 per cent in the same year.
Large oilfields with more than a billion tons of geological reserves, offshore Guyana yellowtail, Brazilmero 4, 2201 Prospective + 21 Special Interest, high oil prices + large oil fields such as Brazil buzios 6-8 are planned to be operational in 2025 or to contribute significantly to the company
High Oil Price + Low Cost + Production Expansion, Auxiliary Valuation Repairs
In the South China Sea, 100 billion atmospheric zones, 100 million atmospheric areas and 100 billion atmospheric areas on land, 22 per cent of corporate natural gas production in the first three quarters and 22 per cent of new company natural gas projects in 2024.
The high-scoring, high-quality flagship, valorized repair space highlights 27 per cent of the total production of the project, mainly as a result of the launch of Phase 2 of the Deep Sea and the deep-sea gas project, which the company plans to raise to 30 per cent in the future.
In 2024, while oil and gas production continued to grow, the replacement rate of the company ' s target reserves was as high as the price volatility, resource growth and high oil volatility of the 2302 output growth.
2023q3 Good Performance, Upgrade Capital Expenditure Plan Assisted Savings Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: We project the company ' s net profits for 2023-2025, respectively \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
a The shares are 8.38, 8.22 and 7.83 times higher than the shares and the shares 4.85, 4.76 and 4.53 times respectively. Companies benefit from the relative high price of crude oil and increased production.
Risk factors: economic volatility and downside risk of oil prices; not as fast as the company can expect to increase production; economic sanctions and geopolitical risks.
Mr. Zhog Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of Industry of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development
Planning research, revision of technology policy in the coal industry and enterprise-related advice were conducted on 100 topics, and in June 2016, the Union ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The Director-General's assistant led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry, and participated in the preparation of relevant policy documents on oil and gas industry planning, construction of a new energy system, industry carbon peaks and high-quality development in the national ministry.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.