On March 18, 2024, the company network announced the acquisition of 2.73 billion tons of Qin Island in the Songhai.
The oil fields were found. \triangleright acquired hundreds of millions of tons of sub-grade oil fields in deep water depths in the South Sea, and the South-Sample oil fields are located in the East Sea of the South China Sea.
Field, with an average water depth of about 500 metres, light crude oil in the nature of the oil, and a geological reserves of 102 million tons of oil equivalent, the oil field, the first deep-water deep-water billion tons of oil in China, offers a broad prospect of deep-water exploration, and its discovery wells, about 0.52 million cubic feet of natural gas; on 18 March 2024, the company announced once again that it had been captured in the sea.
On the island of Tse Qin, 27-3 million tons of oil fields were found in the north-central sea, at an average depth of about 25 metres. The oils were of a medium-heavy nature. The geological reserves of the oil were 104 million tons.
48.9 metres, 1570 metres deep, and approximately 742 barrels of daily crude oil produced from single wells. Daily production is rising and energy security is on the new steps. In terms of production, Tsangxi operates around “stable” oilfields with natural decline and rising water content, “digging” measures to address inefficient oil wells,
“Snapping” of new wells to achieve “the completion of the well and the completion of the production” and, at the end of February, the Tanxi Operations Company, which produced 10,000 tons of crude oil per day, updated its historical record; the Eastern 13-2 gas field continued to be intelligent as the largest high-temperature, high-pressure field at our sea.
Construction and improvement of production efficiency, with the successful deployment in 2023 of four gas fields with an increasing production of 500,000 cubic metres of natural gas. At the beginning of March, gas production in the gas fields reached 7.3 million cubic metres per day, resulting in a new high daily production of gas fields in 2024. Two adjustment wells in the 4-1 oil fields in the east of the South Sea were successfully brought into operation and 800 cubic metres of daily crude oil were marked.
In terms of technology research and development, in late February, the country's first thermal tossing pilot testing platform, the Qin Royal Island 32-6 Operations Southburg 35-2 oil field whpb platform, reached 1,000 cubic metres of daily crude oil, the highest water in 19 years of development.
Ping, after more than 10 years of practice, the relevant research team has increased the collection rate of dense oil by 10%. The company’s daily production is rising.
The oil and gas giants continued to grow strongly. 24q1 performed well. Brent's crude oil futures settlement fell in the first three quarters of 2023. \triangleright
12.05 per cent, while China’s net return profits from sea oil fell by only 10.23 per cent over the same period; 24q1, Brent crude oil: 23q3 performance ring up, capital expenditure up boosted; futures settlement prices fell by only 1.37 per cent over the same period, driven by excellent cost controls and strong production.
We expect 24q1 performance to grow at the same time. Investment proposals: high storage space, high cost control capacity, growth and high-scoring characteristics of companies, and integration of listed company value realization and market value management into corporate performance evaluation systems and corporate performance evaluation systems, respectively, with the National Finance Committee.
China's China Sea Oil (600938.sh) reports in the first quarter of 2023. In the assessment by the head of the company, the undervalued valuation is expected to bring about a rational return. We expect the company to be 2023-Engage: high-cost controls are protected against risk and good-quality assets are properly configured.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.