Production targets have gone up dramatically, and the re-evaluation of the US dollar has led to higher valuations, barrel oil equivalents, firm growth in corporate production and strong growth in oil and gas production. In addition, the company ' s new planned yield equivalents, on the one hand, have increased significantly by over 50 and 90 million barrels of oil equivalents over 24 and 25 years, and on the other.
\triangleright billion yuan, with high capital expenditure contributing to the build-up of the reserves to the new steps, of which exploration, development and production capital are co-executed, with domestic and overseas capital spending accounting for 72% and 28%, respectively.
The company focused on the search for large- and medium-sized oil and gas fields, on the one hand, maintaining a steady increase in oil and gas, tilting towards gas and pushing for non-conventionality, led by the construction of three trillion atmospheres, of which the South Sea has identified a geological reserve of nearly 100 billion cubic metres of gas, s01052111111
On the other hand, stabilizing the sea, accelerating the South Sea, expanding the East Sea, exploring the Yellow Sea, and making it more powerful overseas. On the development and production side, companies are actively promoting domestic efforts.
Focused projects, promotion of overseas Guyana and Brazil projects; continuous deepening of the study of the deployment of readjustment wells and upgrading of single-well production; promotion of the fine description of oil and gas deposits and reduction of natural attrition rates. In 2024, the company ' s major oil fields development projects, the Deep Sea I phase II natural gas development projects, and so on, peak production peaked at 30,300, respectively.
1. China Sea Oil (600938.sh) 3-quarterly reporting points 20600, 27,500 barrels of oil equivalent/day 2023. It also includes the Brazilian Mero3 project abroad, Northwest Long Lakes Canada.
Under the project, the peak output was 180,000 barrels of oil equivalent/day, with dividends paid at no less than 40 per cent, absolute dividends at no less than 0.7 Hong Kong dollars/equity, and dividends allocated at a high value. \triangleright
China's semi-annual report 2023 Sea oil (600938.sh) 3. China's Sea oil (600938.sh) quarterly report 2023
The company has a high value of dividends allocation. Investment proposal: high storage space, high cost-control capacity of the company, combined with growth and high dividends, 4. China Sea Oil (600938.sh) annual report 2022
And with the incorporation of publicly listed company value realization and market value management into the company performance appraisal system and the appraisal of the head of the company, the undervalued valuation is expected to lead to a rational return. We expect that the company 2023 - the methodological and analytical logic of the company will lead to findings, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.