Re-innovation of reserves and long-term development of mitigation efficiency - China Sea Oil (600938.sh) incident assessment report plus 2,846 million yuan, mainly prepared for impairment in the North American region ' s hydrocarbon asset accounts
Millions of dollars, mainly affected by recognized mining concessions. The company’s performance was as expected, including by cutting off special mineral returns and a one-time North American impairment.
Natural gas sales amounted to 80,741 billion cubic feet, compared with 11.2 per cent, and oil and gas sales generated $32,787 million, compared with 7.1 per cent, a decrease well below the decrease in oil prices.
In 2023, the company strengthened its cost controls and continued to consolidate its competitive cost advantages, including storage by barrel owners, market value management appraisals with heavy catalytic value in United States dollars/barrells, equal to -2.6 per cent, depreciation of barrel oil and amortization of $14.06/barrel,
The fee of $2.29 per barrel, corresponding to 9.5 per cent, taxes other than income tax of $4.11 per barrel, corresponding to 10.7 per cent, and the company ' s 2023 cash flow of $20.97 billion, equal to + 2 per cent.
The exchange rate, a dividends rate of about 4.2 per cent and h dividends rate of about 7.1 per cent, was strong, with high oil prices supporting higher profits than other major enterprises in the industry.
The price of oil was $85.8 per barrel, a 13 per cent increase from the beginning of the year, stronger support in the context of geo-conflicts, a strong willingness to offer prices, and stronger guarantees for the future performance and dividends of companies.
Downward risks in the economy; risk of high volatility in product prices; under-construction of projects; risk of limited start-up of environmental policies; windfall demand below expectations; corporate profitability projections (millions of dollars)
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
In 2023, he joined the Chinese securities research program Liu Han: Material Engineering at Nakayama University/Master of Finance at the City University of Hong Kong, and three years of major research in energy chemicals reflected his research. I did not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.