Resource endowments have continued to build up, asset quality optimization + dividends have increased, further highlighting the value of investment in China ' s sea oil (600938.sh)
China Ocean Oil (0883.hk) incident: On 21 March 2024, China Sea Oil released its annual report for 2023. In 2023, the Department achieved business income of $416,609 million, i.e. 1.33 per cent, and net return to mothers of $12,384.3 million.
\triangleright, a research assistant in the Ho-Xiao culture petrochemical industry, whose taxes, other than income tax, increased by $5,553 million in 2022 and were mainly introduced
The legislation recognizes the impact of the yield of concessions on mining rights (the impact of the replenishment is approximately $4.8 billion). The company ' s loss of impairment of assets increased by $2,846 million from 2022 and was largely affected by the preparation for impairment of hydrocarbon assets in North America.
International oil prices have declined significantly, and the price gap has narrowed: in 2023, crude oil prices sustained high shocks \triangleright, and in Brent crude oil prices averaged $82.49 per barrel, compared to 16.72 per cent in 2023.
Oil prices of $77.96 per barrel, corresponding to 19.29 per cent, with an average discount price of $4.53 per barrel compared to the tar, real dollar/barrel, with a narrow average discount price of $1.56 per barrel compared to the tar, production exceeded target of 678 million barrels equivalent of the company ' s net oil and gas production in 2023.
Million barrels (78%) + 8.08% of the same year, and natural gas production of 86,4.7 billion cubic feet (22% of the same), or 1.04% of the same year. Jinhai is firmly located in China’s largest crude oil production base; Guyana and Brazil maintain a major growth zone in overseas production.
At the same time, the company has successfully evaluated the world's largest variable rock billion tons of oil fields in 26-6 and the first billion tons of oil fields in the depths of the South China Sea, and has successfully found the island of Qin 27-3-3.
At the same time as the current reserves are increasing, many of the new discoveries have opened up new areas, new areas, and new areas for continued exploration and production.
The cost of barrel oil maintains its advantage: in 2023, the company ' s main cost of barrel oil was $28.83 (as compared to -- \triangleright).
Sinda Securities Inc. US$1.56). Of this amount, barrel oil operations cost $7.54 (year-on-0.20), mainly cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alto City Street in Beijing, Beijing City, United States dollar, mainly affected by changes in exchange rates and production structure; other barrel oil taxes of $4.11 (same-$0.49), mainly affected by a drop in oil prices. In addition, company barrel oil operations in 2023
The company's net operating cash inflows in 2023 were $20.97 billion, effectively covering investment and shareholder returns \triangleright.
\triangleright spends 15%, 64%, 20%, respectively, on exploration, exploitation, and production capitalization.
Oil-dressing companies, such as marine oil uniforms/Chinese oilfield services, benefited. \triangleright Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We predict the company ' s net return profits in 2024-2026, respectively
\triangleright shares correspond to 9.81, 8.97 and 8.52 times respectively and h shares to 5.71, 5.22, 4.96 times respectively. Considering that companies benefit from high crude oil prices and production,
Volume growth, with companies expected to continue to perform well for the period 2024-2026, h-value valuations are still large, there is room for restoration and high dividends are expected, and we maintain a “buy-in” assessment of company shares a and h-stock risk factors: economic volatility and downside risk of oil prices; companies are saving up less than expected;
Economic sanctions and geopolitical risks: Dr. Zhog Ming, University of Mines of China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Coal Prices Select Committee and former member of the Industry Advisory Board of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Investigative Service (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Project, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations. He is responsible for research in the coal and coal sectors in June 2016.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. Former expert and assistant director of China's Institute of Technology on petrochemicals, led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed the study on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways in the petrochemical industry” and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, construction of new energy systems, industry carbon peaks and industry.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the major energy fields and research in the petrochemical sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.