China Sea Oil (600938.sh) The South China Sea has found a billion tons of oil, and continues to look after the company's long-term growth.
On 8 March, China ' s sea oils announced the discovery of one billion tons of open-air oil fields at the depths of the South China Sea, the largest single oil fields in the deep waters of the country to date.
(1) The Kaiping South Field is China's first deep-water billion-ton oilfield, with great potential for exploration and exploitation in the deep-water and ultra-deep-water fields of the South China Sea: it is located about 300 km south-west of Shenzhen City in the eastern sea of the South China Sea. The largest water depth found was 532 metres and the largest well was 4831 metres. The well was drilled 100.6 metres, and the geological reserves of oil and gas were discovered to be 102 million tons of oil equivalent.
Over 1,000 tons, an average of approximately 7680 barrels of daily crude oil, and about 0.52 million cubic feet of natural gas, have updated our record of deep-water oil and gas testing production. The successful discovery of this oil field has amply demonstrated the vast prospects for deep-water exploration in the South Sea. 2) Global offshore hydrocarbon resources are abundant, with companies spending a relatively high share of their capital at sea: according to the United States Energy Information Agency (eia) estimates, the global sea
Upper hydrocarbon resources account for more than 30 per cent of the global total of hydrocarbon resources, of which marine oil resources are estimated at 160 billion barrels and natural gas resources are estimated at 5.8 billion cubic metres. Global oil and gas exploration investments in 2022 amounted to $48.3 billion, of which sea exploration investments amounted to $24.9 billion, or 51 per cent; and global total of 319 offshore drilling wells, including the Pearl River Basin, the Gulf of Mexico, the Bay of Mexico, and the Shoal Basin, which is the fourth largest in the world.
The total investment in exploration for the ball was 5.9 per cent, accounting for 11.6 per cent of the global investment in marine exploration. 3) The company is the exclusive operator of oil and gas resources in China's territorial waters and is rich in offshore oil and gas: future global exploration for hydrocarbons is mainly in the deep sea and the sea, and China's maritime area is still at its peak in the shallow sea, with vast future exploration space, with actual reserves well over 10 years old;
World-class projects such as Guyana, Brazil and others have great potential, long-term reserves, low barrel oil costs, and long-term increases in oil and gas production. The company’s former net offshore oil and gas production ratio is about 30%, and is expected to rise to 35% in the future. Core increases in offshore crude oil in recent years have come from new projects in Guyana and Brazil, with the Guyana Stabroek block currently detecting reserves of more than 11 billion barrels, with 25% equity.
4) Corporate management is highly efficient and efficient, focusing on the profitability of upstream operations: since the 1980s, companies have long worked with global hydrocarbon giants to benefit from significant advances in the domestic equipment manufacturing industry and the application of new technology for offshore exploration, increasing the maritime exploration capabilities of the support company, and continuously reducing the cost of barrel oil. Free cash flows have increased faster than profit gains, increasing the space for long-term dividends and increasing the space for dividends.
In the area of marine oil and gas exploration, the sea area is generally referred to as deep water at depths of more than 300 metres, and wells at depths of more than 3,500 metres are defined as deep wells. In the area of deep water and gas exploration in the South China oilfield, located about 300 kilometres south-west of Shenzhen City, it is located in the eastern part of the South China Sea in the Jiu Gang basin.
The maximum well is 4831 metres deep. The well was discovered to be drilled 100.6 metres into the oil and gas layer, and the geological reserves of oil and gas were discovered to be 102 million tons of oil equivalent. The test well averaged more than 1,000 tons of gas per day, an average of 7680 barrels of crude oil per day, and gas, about 0.52 million cubic feet, refreshing our record of deep-water oil and gas testing. The successful discovery of the oil field amply demonstrates the vast prospects for deep-water exploration in the South Sea.
According to the United States Energy Information Agency (eia), global offshore hydrocarbon resources account for more than 30 per cent of the total global hydrocarbon resources, of which marine rock and oil resources are about 160 billion barrels and natural gas resources are about 5.8 billion cubic metres. Global oil and gas exploration investments in 2022 amounted to $48.3 billion, of which the sea is home.
Investments in exploration amounted to $24.9 billion, or 51 per cent; a total of 319 offshore drilling wells were completed globally, of which the Pearl Dynasty Basin, the Gulf of Mexico, the Pang Sea Basin, accounted for the world’s top three, and Guyana’s fourth. China’s sea oil accounted for 5.9 per cent of total global investment in exploration and 11.6 per cent of global investment in marine exploration.
Future global oil and gas exploration is mainly in the deep and ultra-deep sea. China’s marine area is still at its peak in the shallow sea, with large future exploration space, with a real storage ratio of well over 10 years, with huge potential for company participation in world-class projects such as Guyana and Brazil, with huge future reserves, very low barrel oil costs, and long-term increases in oil and gas production. Companies now account for about 30% of net offshore oil and gas production, and are expected to rise to 35% in recent years.
The core increase in offshore crude oil comes from new projects in Guyana and Brazil, where the Guyana Stabroek block currently detects reserves of more than 11 billion barrels, with 25 per cent equity. The company ' s current total production of three platforms in the Guyana Stabroek block is 645,000 barrels per day, higher than the total design capacity of 580,000 barrels per day, with a total projected production of more than 1.2 million barrels per day by 2027.
Since the 1980s, companies have long worked with the global oil and gas giants to benefit from significant advances in the domestic equipment manufacturing industry and the application of new technology for exploration at sea, and to help companies improve their capacity to explore at sea and reduce the cost of barrel oil. Free cash flows have increased faster than profits in the long term.
The risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of frequent natural disasters; the risk of new projects being less productive than expected; geopolitical risks; policy risks The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author