China: The original material, the three-quarterly report of Mandarin Chemistry, is now available, and the price of mdi is expected to remain high throughout the year and in the next two years.
In short, the global economy is pushing for domestic and external demand, which is $38,964 million, an increase of 86.14 per cent, and needs to be improved. The petrochemical sector is steadily developing and adding value.
The parent company, $7,811 million in clean profits, increased by the same year, invested 21,2.41 per cent in a series of highly sophisticated chemistry and new materials, and the performance was largely in line with expectations.
Production, coupled with bc's infusion, will increase the price of polymer mdi up to 35,000 tons in October, compared to 285,000 tons in September.
The company’s global mdi-deprived status and technology has increased by 22.81%.
The company’s summary: Volcta Chemical is a global production of dragon-heads (diphenylmethane diocyanate), mainly in research development, production and marketing of the product series of cyanide, aromatic domide, thermal plastic polyurethane, and the product series of carpentry.
The ratio of shares to the Shanghai stock index was 212% higher than the previous three-quarter improvement in supply and demand, and the new industry continued to expand.
q3 net profits increased by 212 per cent on the same basis, basically in line with expectations: the three-quarterly edition of Van Juapolis, with a current revenue of $38,964 million, or 86.14 per cent; the parent company, with $7,811 million, or 21,241 per cent; and the average profit after deducting non-economic losses, with a net profit of $7,748 million, or 209.89 per cent.
During this period, the significant increase in net profits was mainly due to: (1) a substantial increase in the average price of sub-mdi for domestic and foreign force majeure and demand, for example, in the case of China’s Eastern Region, where aggregate mdi increased 115% in the same period in the previous three seasons. The company’s net mdi and polymer mdi registered prices rose from 27.2 million tons/tt and 2.3 million tons/tt in June to 27.7 million tons/t and 28.5 million tons/tt in September, of which the company’s net mdi and polymer mdi registered prices rose from 27.7 million tons/tt and 2.3 million tons/t in June to 28.5 million tons/t in September.
Rmb 1,285.0 million. 8/22 and 9/12 made two short-term upscalings, and on 9/12, the aggregate mdi was adjusted to total equity shares (millions of shares).
3.5 million tons per ton. 2) The sales of polyurethane series in the first three quarters were 133.2 million tons (q1/q2/q3 divided by the season and 3 per cent of the demand for downstream white power, construction, etc.) and the export of foreign forces majeure factors and high demand increased significantly.
The supply-demand relationship continues to improve, and the price of mdi is expected to remain high: in October, the polymer mdi sold (95 per cent) at an overpriced price, mdi is a highly acidated product that takes 40 days per year to examine the product line, resulting in a loss of at least 13 per cent per share per year (2017f)
And the mdi line investment is large, the technogenic wall is high, the construction period is long, and there are about 600,000 tons of new capacity in 2017-2019, or just urban clean-up (2017f). On the demand side, demand from Europe and the United States continues to expand exports, while domestic construction energy efficiency continues to grow.
The new demand is expected to reach 250,000 tons per year and new needs such as the new area where Mdi supply and demand is expected to continue to change within and outside the country, with a simple profit sheet (rmb million). In addition, 300,000 tons of tdi will be put into production in 2018, which will replace Xiangzhou as the country’s tdi dragon head.
The company’s leader and voice rights in the polyurethane industry. 2018 new items can expand, bc is injected into the expected temperature: the first three quarters of precision chemicals and new material series collected/distributed 3,021 million tons, or 17.27 million tons, up from 2,732 million per 1 587 million tons in the last year.
Pmma is planned and new projects are expected to continue to boost performance. Moreover, the Hungarian company bc has significantly improved its profitability under company management, losing 119 million Euros to 96 million Euros in 2011, and the company is expected to inject before 2018/09/21 (bc owns 200,000 tonnes/250,000 tonnes of mdi/tdi), which would be significant if it were to do so.
In the first three quarters of the petrochemical series, revenues/distributions amounted to $10,759 million.253.19 million tons, notably up from $826 billion/1278.3 million per year in 2016.
The global economy is expected to boost supply and demand to lower domestic and foreign demand throughout the year and the next two years, depending on the company’s long-term growth, maintaining the purchasing target of $50: based on the above analysis, the company’s line of business accelerated.
Warm, it will continue to increase corporate performance. Consider the company ' s global mdi loss of status and the technological advantages and capacity to expand its capacity, it will still maintain its buy-in rating at a target value of $50.
An analyst's statement and an important disclosure can be found in the annexa. The company's name, which was carried by Yuan Da and his research report, may be of current or future business interest, and the investors should understand that the company may have a conflict of interest as a result, affecting the objectivity of the report.
This report should only be considered as one of these considerations. Data source: company data, data source: company data, data source:
Mandarin Chemistry (600309ch) China: Original Material Appliance: Important Disclosures
Analyst who is primarily responsible for writing the full or partial content of the study, and who is responsible for writing the certificate or certificate issuer in this report, has stated that: (a) all the points in the paper accurately reflect his personal views on each certificate or certificate issuer; and (b) the specific investment proposals or observations made by the analyst in this study are not directly related to any part of his or her past, present or future pay, nor are they directly related to the three-year history of chemistry (600309ch) - investment advice and target prices.
Source: Bloomberg, Note: a = share price adjusted for equity and cash equity; b = target price not adjusted; c = target price adjusted for equity and cash equity. Red red distribution of staff affects unreversed a, b, or c.
Bought: We have a positive view of the stock, based on the Centre's prediction of whether the equity investment period is absolute or relative. This view is based on the Centre's analysis of the stock's development prospects, financial statements, financial performance, profit margins, evaluation information, and risks. It is recommended that investors increase the share in the investment stock. Holding - beyond the industry: The Centre believes that the stock base is more attractive than the same business at the current stock price.
This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, multiplicity of issues, evaluation information, and risk profile.
Sold: Based on the Centre’s prediction of absolute or relative rates of remuneration during the investment period of the file, we have a negative view of the stock. This view is based on the Centre’s assessment of its development prospects, financial statements: the Centre’s expectations, ratings, targets are still under evaluation, but it is still actively tracking the stock.
Comment: The value of the dollar to a share is calculated over a 12-month investment period. There is no official 12-month target price for the Great China Exploration series, and the investment proposal is based on a major copyright allocation of US$02017, as specified in the analyst’s report. The content of this report is derived from data that the company has recognized, but does not guarantee its integrity or correctness. The report is not an offer or solicitation for the sale of any certificate. All comments and estimates in the report are based on the company’s findings on a specific date, and any changes are not notified.
October 16th, 2017. China: Original Materials, Mandarin Chemistry (600309ch)
This report only provides general information, information or any opinion, and does not constitute any offer or offer of a purchase certificate or other investment. The publication of the report is intended only for the general use of clients, and is not intended to provide specific investment advice, and does not take into account the different financial circumstances and objectives of any person who may receive the report. For any certificate, investment label or investment strategy discussed or recommended in the investment report, or discussed or recommended in the document, the investor should consult with financial consultants on whether it is appropriate for itself.
The report is not (and should not be explained) that in any jurisdiction, any person or company that is not in possession of a legal certificate of record or a transaction is a matter of conduct or negotiation within that jurisdiction. The dollar’s study reports that only the principal investment legal person in the United States (released under Rule 15a-6 of the Securities and Exchange Act 1934 and its amended provisions and the US Securities and Exchange Commission) has been sent to the United States.
The U.S. investment investors who want to carry out transactions related to the certificates issued in this report are required to register through a voucher registerr under section 15 of the Securities Transactions Act 1934 and its amendments. Yuan Da's study was published in Taiwan by a large voucher investment firm, and in Hong Kong by a large certificate company (Hong Kong). The certificate (Hong Kong) is approved by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Supervisory Board for registration, and is authorized to conduct regulatory activities, including category 4 activities (discussing on certificates).
In order to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report, Taiwan officials should contact Grand Certificate Investment Inc. by:
Hong Kong people who wish to obtain detailed information on any of the certificates contained in this report should contact Yuan Dalian (Hong Kong) Limited at Hong Kong Summer Road 18.
One 23rd floor in Hee Fu Center.