The company published a 17-year three-quarter report, which generated revenue of $38,964 million in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 86.14 per cent; operating profits of $11,734 million, an increase of 219.00 per cent; and belonging to listed company shares.
The price of mdi has been raised sharply every month, and the price has been strong, petrochemicals have dropped less than the same price, corporate installations have been operating steadily, and we have maintained a “buy-in” rating. The increase in volume has been the main reason for the significant growth in corporate performance: the two largest companies in the first three quarters of 2017.
The company ' s performance has grown significantly as a result of the increase in the prices of the main series of products. The first three quarters of the polyurethane series sold 13,82 million tons, close to the previous year ' s full year ' s sales volume of 1,439 million tons, at a price of 25.32 million tons (including the lng trade), compared with 12,78 million tons in the previous year.
On the other hand, the main petrochemical products in the last three quarters, epoxypropane, acrylic acid, butylate q4, are expected to continue to grow at a high rate: global mdi production in 2016 was about 7.35 million tons and corporate capacity.
The polyurethane series accounts for 24.5 per cent of the world ' s total, compared to about 3.63 million tons of domestic production in 2016, 50 per cent of companies, and industry discourse.
The company has significantly increased the price of mdi, special chemicals series, for three months in a row since August of 17 years.
In October, aggregate mdi sales and distribution were listed at $35,000 per ton, with institutional investors rising by 16 per cent, or 61 per cent, of the share in circulation. In addition, a small number of petrochemical products were priced at the same price.
The price of most of the products is still higher than the price of the same product, such as epoxy propane, Mtbe Hill, where the market price (lower) fell by 15.94 per cent and 2.63 per cent, while the performance of acrylic, acrylic acid, butyl ester, and metering companies continued to increase significantly for the fourth quarter.
The company received a large government subsidy to speed up the construction of the company: by August 17, the company and its holding subsidiary had received cumulative government subsidy of $1,164 million, which, according to the company's three-quarterly report, was less than recorded in the previous three-quarter schedule, and most of it is expected to be recorded in the 17-year report, which will increase the number of companies.
Mdi, petrochemical products are the company’s two main pillars of industry, on the basis of which the company consolidates its capital, establishes six major undertakings and develops new performance growth points downstream. For example, pc products, one phase of a 70,000-ton device has been completed and is currently being tested, with a second phase of 130,000 tons expected to be completed by the end of 2018.
The company expects to build 300,000 tons of tdi devices in the second half of 2018. As the company's downstream products are completed and put into production, creating a new performance growth point for the company, there is considerable scope for the company to make a profit.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.