Quarterly reports on chemistry (600309.sh) and chemical/chemical products meet expectations, with high year-round performance and growth. Quarterly reports issued by the company for the first three quarters of the year, yielding business income of $38,964 million, an increase of 86.14 per cent.
The net profit attributable to the parent company was $7,811 million, an increase of $21,241 per cent, and eps $287. mdi, the overall landscape of petrochemicals, the spread of raw materials and the continued high profit margins: performance was as expected, and prices of mdi and petrochemical products were generally up during the reporting period.
Direct sale and distribution of polymer mdi at an average price of RMB 26367, RMB 25167, RMB 25167 per ton, with three-quarter increases in prices for acrylic, epoxypropane, butyl, acrylic and esters, etc.
On the other hand, the main raw material, pure benzene and coal, have seen a steady increase in corporate profits by the same quarter as in the previous quarter, with a single-quarter net return of q1-q3 to the mother of 2,195 million, 2,666 million, and long-term reasonable supply and demand, with oligarchic patterns leading to higher profits:
Global mdi consumes 6 million tons in 2016, with a future demand of about 500,000 tons/year; new capacity totals about 840,000 tons in the next two years, but given the time required to increase the capacity of new devices, real supply production is limited and oligopolistic patterns are emerging globally.
The raw material problem increases future supply uncertainty, and the supply and demand of mdi will remain in a tight long-term balance. The company is the leader in the mdi sector with 1.8 million tons of productive capacity, benefiting from an oligopoly pattern and industry landscape that will remain highly profitable for a long time. In addition, the company’s diversified business layout, special materials, petrochemicals, etc.
The industry’s profitability raises the scope for significant future contribution performance. The company’s long-term profitability as a leader will be significant, while such profitable potential as industrial parks and petrochemical projects will open up the room for company growth and continue to maintain a “highly recommended” rating.
In September, there was a huge upturn in the price of the combined mdi distribution.