The three-quarterly review of WCP: the price of mdi continues to raise its performance and re-innovate it.
The high growth in corporate performance during the reporting period was largely due to a significant increase in mdi profitability, with prices gradually rebounding from the second half of 2016, while industries abroad, including Europe and the United States, experienced a boom in three quarters, and higher downstream demand led to repeated increases in mdi prices. The first three quarters were pure.
The price of mdi is kept at $2.3 to 35.5 million per ton, and the price of polymer mdi is 2.1 to 44,000 yuan per ton. The difference between mdi and pure benzene is also gradually increasing, contributing to a significant increase in corporate profitability.
Companies are currently the world’s largest manufacturers of autonomous intellectual property rights in mdi manufacturing technologies, with more than a quarter of the world’s capacity, and have a strong voice. By comparison with overseas competitors, companies have a high quality of products.
For 17 years, mdi prices have remained high, and given the limited availability of new production globally by 2020 and the steady growth of downstream demand, mdi’s future pattern is expected to remain tight and balanced.
The company’s strategic layout is clear, it's based on smoke stations, Ningbo, Pearl Sea, and so on, and it combines the main mdi products with the petrochemical industries of epoxypropanes, acrylic acids and esters and gradually develops them.
The construction of new materials projects such as pmma, pc, and tdi is also progressing steadily, with a view to extending and improving the industrial chain layout of the company, based on the guarantee of stable production of mdi and petrochemicals.
With a new performance growth point, the company is expected to become an international-class chemical giant, looking forward to the future of the company.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.