Events: 3-quarter reports issued by companies in 2017, which generated business income of $38,964 million, an increase of 86.14 per cent over the same period and a net profit of $7,811 million for shareholders in listed companies.
The company ' s performance grew significantly in January-September 2017 and reached an all-time high in the third quarter. The main causes were: the high performance of the mdi, which resulted in higher prices for the company ' s mdi series; good petrochemical operations, which increased sales; and the steady growth of new material plates, which all accounted for growth in corporate operating income.
At the same time, sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs were increased by 38.40 per cent over the same three fees for the reporting period, mainly as a result of increased inputs such as labour costs and research and development, based on reasonable corporate cost controls.
The combined Māori rate for corporate products is 39.01 per cent, an increase of 8.9 percentage points over the same period.mdi is now mainly the world ' s six major suppliers, Huanhua, Bassov, Kostov, Hensmae, Tods, and Japan ' s npu, with their high barriers making it difficult to have new entrants and increased capacity.
Plus comes mainly from expansion, and the overall supply pattern is stable. In the Middle East region, 400,000 tons of Dow and 400,000 tons of domestic devices will be driving in late 2017, but it will take some time for the device to drive to large-scale production to ease overall supply tensions.
In the short term: the high profile of the mdi industry is expected to continue. In the long run, the new demand for mdi is about 500,000 tons per year, combined with the high risk of accidents in old installations abroad, which can have an impact on industry supply, leading to price volatility.
In terms of sales: 1 September, 138.2 million tons were sold and in 2016, 143.94 tons were sold. Prices increased cumulatively by 8,500 yuan per ton, 15,000 yuan per ton, 6700 to 28,500 yuan per ton, respectively.
□ The steady development of petrochemical and new material plates has been steadily operating since this year, with the company ' s petrochemical devices operating steadily, with a significant increase in the volume and price of products compared to last year ' s, driving the petrochemical plate ' s performance to become a new performance growth point.
As a new engine for the company, it has created polyethers, new materials, functional chemicals, surface materials, five major departments in Beijing, and products (tpu, sap, pc, adi, etc.) have a certain market share for economic gain.
The company is the world’s largest supplier of mdi, with many new devices and more stable installations, and is expected to benefit from the industry’s high profile. At the same time, petrochemical operations and new material plates are advancing steadily, and the prices of well-functioning mdi products are falling significantly, petrochemicals and new materials are not performing as well as expected.
Appendix: Financial statement forecasts with no rating - no clear investment rating due to lack of access to the necessary information, or significant uncertainty about the company ' s unforeseeable results, or other reasons. Market benchmark index is 300 in depth.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.