On October 25, the company published a three-quarterly report, which generated operating income of 46.7 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, a 47 per cent increase in comparison with the previous period and a 78 per cent increase in the return to the mother ' s net profit of 5.95 billion yuan; q3 of which was achieved in the first quarter.
Business income of $20.1 billion increased by 56 per cent, ring growth by 26 per cent, net profit of $2.98 billion in global energy costs increased photovoltaic cost affordability, and next year the average price of silicon is expected to be more than $150,000: component prices, under the pressure of rising costs of silicon and other raw materials this year.
In January-September, 25.56gw additional domestic light-voltage loaders increased by 44% from the same year. With the new silicon, 1. " q3 net relic ratio increases, supply bottlenecks support the release of silicon energy, component prices will fall from higher heights, taking into account rising global energy costs and double-carbon targets " , in 2022.
2. Average annual price of silicon material is expected to remain above 150,000 yuan/tonne, corresponding to component prices based on current stock prices and reasonable profitability of components.
Roughly 1.7 ~ 1.75 yuan/w. With high industrial silicon price innovation falling on schedule, high profitability will attract more projects to resume production, and it is hoped that the expected - forecast evaluation of the shares in Tonway will be guaranteed, 2021.7.1
4. "Silicon performance and expected poor performance, overall upscaling, downstream purchasing less motivated, industrial silicon prices falling from highs on schedule and silicon enterprises producing " .
Cost pressures are expected to subside. At current industrial silicon prices, the high cost-product rate is still significant, with silicon drops and expansion speeds released in the high climate, and projects that were previously inactive due to funding, cost, etc. have recently been partially restarted, with Xinjiang crystals and sources.
Two hundred and eighty thousand tons of industrial silicon have started to climb in early September, and more than ten to twenty thousand tons of small-scale production capacity in the Silicon-based Black River region, Yunnan Hong Sein, etc. have also been set on fire in the near future, and are expected to guarantee next year’s supply of industrial silicon.
The net cash flow of 480 million yuan, corresponding to 540 million yuan and the ring to 910 million yuan, is expected mainly to be due to a sharp increase in the price of q3 industrial silicon, which is ahead of the price of polycrystal silicon, and an increase in the cost of company purchases; and to the 50,000 tons of capacity q4 of each of Yunnan and Leysan, of which Yunnan II is in the commissioning phase.
As a result of the company’s increased procurement of raw materials for the pre-positioning of new capacity. Uwentien scores, after which an average of the final ratings was calculated as the average market investment