The price of silicon continues to rise and the company's performance increased in the first three quarters of 2021, suggesting “buy-in”
By the second half of 2022, with a net profit of $5,945 million, yoy+78.4% (net profit after deduction of $5,933 million, yoy+210%), the capacity of domestic multi-crystal silicons is limited and the price of multi-crysil silicon is expected to remain high as the demand increases significantly, both domestically and internationally.
And the net profits in 2022 were $8.74 billion and $11.07 billion, an increase of 142 per cent and 27 per cent, respectively, and the net profits of the company 1-30 per cent increased significantly, respectively: the company issued its third quarterly report in 2021, with current operating revenues of 46.7 billion yuan, yoy+47.4 per cent, the net profits of the mother being $5.945 billion, yoy+78.4 per cent.
The q3 company achieved business income of $20.14 billion, an increase of 207.9 per cent over the same period, and the equivalent of 0.66 per cent. The q3 net profit growth slowed, mainly because it was disposed of in the same period last year, bringing the return on investment to 15.5 per cent.
The company's performance has grown rapidly, mainly because of the rapid expansion of downstream production in the photovoltaic industry chain and silicon production.
The price of silicon is still on the rise since the fourth quarter, due to the effects of energy consumption and double control.
More than market expectations, according to the Silicon Industry Association, the average price of single crystalline secret material in late October has exceeded 260,000 yuan per tonne; moreover, the company is expected to support continued growth in its performance by the end of the year by releasing a total of 100,000 tons of new capacity (currently up to 80,000 tons).
The company ' s Māori rate has risen significantly, and the cost rate has largely been flat: 1-3q ' s net profit has increased faster than the revenue collection due mainly to 1) benefiting from a sustained rise in the price of silicon, with 1-30 companies recording a Māori rate of 25.6 per cent, an increase of 9 pc over the same period, of which q3 ' s Māori rate is 27.3 per cent and the ring ' s q2 continues to grow.
0.75 pct; 2) Corporate cost rates are largely flat, with sales and financial cost rates, respectively The increase in management costs is mainly due to salary increases. Prospective profitability: due to the sharp rise in the price of silicon, we expect a net gain for the company in 2021 and 2022
This report was prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or reissued or printed in whole or part of the report for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
A certificate of description in a report; @ comment or standing, or buying, selling or offering the certificate described in the report.