Three seasons of excellent performance, with new production of silicon at the point where the shares of Tonway (600438) will be evaluated on October 28, 2021.
The company released its 21-year quarterly report, which generated 46.7 billion yuan in revenue in the first three quarters of the year, compared with a sharp increase in the price of silicon. Three-quarter sharp price increases in silicon and simultaneous price increases in upstream raw materials: companies q3 are operating in the first quarter of the year.
The market value of the share in circulation a (million yuan) is about $207 per kg per kilogram per milligram per pvinfolink data for q3 crystalline silicon. This is about 18% higher than the average price of q2, but in three seasons with a sharp increase in the price of the upstream industrial silicon.
The overall profit level is the same as q2, with a combined Māori rate of 27.32 per cent for the q3 season, and the ring ratio.
By the end of the expected 21st year, the company is expected to have a shorter period of actual climb, with a high output expected in 22 years. In terms of supply and demand, silicon production capacity remains tight for 22 years, and prices are expected to fall slightly. Silicon production capacity continues to expand and batteries are profitable.
But the whole is expected to stabilize at $170.8 million per ton, with silicon operations remaining high for 22 years, silicon high, large expansion of battery fragments increasing profit, continued expansion and large-scale capacity-raising: the company plans year-end battery production.
Up to 55gw, 210 of which is 35gw, or more than 60% of the total, the company's new production capacity is not silicon _aaa_Tongwee shares (600438) tracking reports The cost of the battery is continuously declining and the profitability of the battery is increasing. n-type technology, corporate heterogeneity gw
The mid-level test line was put into production in August, and the technological maturity of the following year is expected to result in a significant expansion of the N-type production capacity, and the company battery has a strong preponderance. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we believe that silicon prices meet our previous expectations and maintain them.
Risk factors: price of silicon and battery fragments is not as high as expected; prices of upstream raw materials are significantly higher; production of new production capacity is not as high as expected; battery type n is not as fast as expected.
S02705180001, Hawthorne I.