q3 net ring increases, supply bottlenecks supporting silicon are profitable, the mother net profit is 58-6 billion yuan, an increase of 74 ~80 per cent in the same period; the q3 is a net return to the mother, the silicon single-ton net profit continues to rise, driving the q3 net performance to higher levels: with the new production of silicon in the second half of the year.
The price of silicon production rings have risen, although the price of industrial silicon prices has risen, taking into account the increase in the price of industrial silicon, although the price of silicon has risen as a result of rising prices in upstream industrial silicon.
1. The delayed effect of the short- and medium-term expected impact on the cost of silicon by measuring the net profit of q3 silicon to be raised by about 15,000 yuan per ton, and by promoting a 34 ~ 43 per cent increase in the single-season net profit ring.
The price of industrial silicon is nearing its limits, and profits from high silicon prices are still strong: in September, in the context of the domestic energy consumption, which is reported to have erupted on schedule, silicon expansion has accelerated to 50,000-60,000 yuan per ton, and with the industrial silicon price, it is expected to rise at the same time.
I, "Silicon performance and poor expectations, overall upswings," judge that industrial silicon prices have recently been at the top of the region, measured at the current industrial silicon and polycrystal prices.
The silicon single-ton net profit is slightly higher than q2 and still has a very high margin of profit. 4. Silicon material drops and expansion speeds, release in the high climate, demand for photovoltaics under high price pressure displays resilience, maintaining this year’s global loading 160gw+: August
The effect on the supply chain of factors such as the early start of downstream demand and local energy consumption and control, component upstream 5. "Asset impairments are delaying performance, silicon welcome events are rising to varying degrees next year, putting some pressure on year-end loadings.
Given the negative feedback self-balancing effect between photovoltaic demand and prices, we still maintain the global 160gw+ and global 160gw+ and
Domestic installation of 55-60gw is expected. Bottleneck supply, energy consumption double control increases the additional supply variable for silicon: the total supply of silicon for 2022 is estimated at 70-80 million tons, corresponding to silicon/cell production of 240-280gw, an increase of about 25-per cent.
45%, compared to other chain capacity and expansion planning, next year's silicon probably remains a supply chain bottleneck, and, given the tightening of energy-consuming dual control policies or uncertainty about the pace at which new projects will be put into operation, Uwentien will be able to provide the necessary support.
The price of silicon is expected to remain relatively high next year, and single-ton profit performance is more likely than expected. Based on our judgement of future polysilica, industrial silicon prices, the company’s net profit for 2021-2023 is fine-tuned.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment