Silicon operations remain profitable and battery profits are expected to rise back to the bottom Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) The company achieved operating income of 46.7 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 47.4 per cent over the same period;
The net profit of the mother is 5.95 billion yuan, an increase of 78.4 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the company is 5.93 billion yuan in the non-post return to the mother; in the third quarter alone, the company achieved operating income of 201.38 yuan, an increase of 55.6 per cent in the same year and 26.3 per cent in the ring; the net profit of the mother is 2.98 billion yuan, an increase of 28.3 per cent in the same year and 40.7 per cent in the ring;
The price of silicon continues to rise in the third quarter, and the company silicon business is expected to contribute its main profits.
By the end of the year, the company is expected to have 100,000 tons of silicon production. We judge that the company's silicon production will increase significantly, silicon prices will remain high, and the company's silicon business will have a large net profit.
The increase in the price of raw materials results in a loss of profit in battery film operations, followed by an increase of 8-12% in the average price of silicon tablets for the next three quarters, a 2-5% increase in the average price of batteries and a loss of profit in the battery film industry.
With the price of raw materials falling, the company’s battery business is expected to recover. We expect the price of silicon to fall, but it remains high, and the company’s silicon profit level and the demand and price increases are not as high as expected; the recovery of work abroad is not as high as expected; and the impact of the epidemic is worsening.
: The cost of silicon production is down, the battery is profitable, the whole industry is ahead.
Public, popular China, Teco Electronics, Contact: Sheng Yi, three years of buyer industry research experience, University of Melbourne, Master of Finance, research area covering wind and light voltage plates, new energy vehicles and traditional cars.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.