As of 24 April 2019, the number of companies in charge of the project had reached 90.
The company's main business is the design, development, production and sale of smart hardware, such as smart clean robots, and the company's business is in the manufacturing of c388 electrical appliances and appliances.
The company is the Forces nouvelles in the country's smart-and-swipe robot industry. The company's main product is Mi's customized brand, "Mi's smart-and-scave" and its own brand.
"Stony-swipe-swipe robots" and "Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small."
The rate was 12.8 per cent and 10.1 per cent, respectively, for a total of 22.9 per cent, all of the products of the company were produced in the form of commission processing, with no self-constructed production bases, while the main plant agent was Hinwangda, with 98.8 per cent of the replacements in 2018, compared to the development of the smart land sweep robotics industry in the country.
Lately, however, there has been a rapid growth in the supply of and demand for products. According to Icomcon, the country’s smart-cleaning robot sales in 2017 amounted to $5.6 billion, accounting for more than 30% of the world’s market share.
The company, as one of the leading companies in the country's smart-and-swipe robot industry, has a good asset quality and can operate well. It benefits from the rapid development of the smart-and-scave robot industry and the competition for company markets.
The company is a leading international firm in the international application of laser radar technology and related algorithms to smart-scanning robotics, and although it only launched its first product in September 2016, it is rapidly taking over the product by its quality and reputation.
As companies continue to introduce new products, they plan to increase their investment in marketing promotion and distribution channels. The listed public divisions currently comparable to companies in the area of segmentation are mainly Kosovo (603486, sh), Fomart (837916,oc) and irobot.
The company's main business is the design, development, production and sale of smart hardware, such as smart clean robots, the main product of which is a customized brand for millet, "Mimi-Swimming" and its own brand, "Stony-Scrubbing Robot."
The company is an international leader in large-scale application of laser radar technology and associated algorithms to smart-scan robotics. Smart-scan robots are using slams based on sensors such as laser ranging sensors, inertial measurement units, etc.
The algorithm builds out-of-house maps, locates them according to household maps, and plans intelligent, efficient cleaning paths through the arithmetic, which effectively avoids leaking and scavenging. The server-end upgrades robotic algorithms through in-depth learning of network product data and algorithm optimization.
2. In recent years, smart-and-scan robots have begun to spread throughout the country, as technology continues to innovate and advance, and as intelligence becomes more and more powerful, it has become more and more powerful.
The first generation of smart sweep robots was created in 2001 by the head of the home ' s electric giant, Electrolux, by the Trilobite. In 2002, the US technology company, irobot, launched a random collision.
After that, more companies worldwide were involved in the field of smart sweep robots. Since 2010, smart sweep robot-related technologies have developed rapidly, lasers, algorithms, etc., and products have become more intelligent.
At the same time, the products have gradually become remotely connected, etc., and smart sweep robots have been gaining consumer favors. Industry studies show that, in a neutral situation, global (except China) land sweeper retail sales are expected to reach levels.
With about US$ 8 billion (about US$ 50 billion), the most prominent future dividends in the global market for vacuum cleaners will be in developed countries with a high vacuum retention, and in China with a large population base and a rapid increase in penetration, the retail market model is expected to reach US$ 50-100 billion, with both domestic and foreign eruptions.
The country’s intelligent-scaved robotics industry is growing late, but it is growing rapidly in terms of both supply and demand. On the one hand, consumers are looking at service robots, especially smart floor cleaners for home scenes, as a result of factors such as urbanization, growing purchasing power of the population, growing consumer habits for the Internet industry, etc.
On the other hand, as our technology industry policy continues to be encouraged and guided, technology and investment have increased, and there has been a rapid rise in the market for a group of smart, consumer-friendly robotic products. According to Mid-Eicon, we sold $5.6 billion in 2017 in smart-scaved robots.
At the same time, as Internet technology continues to grow, the number of Internet users in the country expands, penetration rates are high, and online shopping becomes a more mainstream procurement channel.
3. The pattern of competition in the industrial market and the major enterprises is currently growing in capacity in the smartfield robot industry, where there are more brands and manufacturers in the market.
A number of new market players have emerged over the years, and marketization has gradually increased. There are now nearly 200 smart-field robotic brands sold on mainstream power platforms in the country, which can be divided into multiple categories depending on product technology, cleaning capacity, quality, prices, etc. Market participants include emerging service robots, traditional home power companies, etc.
Until 2016, the main brands of the market were irobot, Coworth, Neato, Matsumoto, Mae, Haile, etc. In September 2016, the company launched the first smart-scan robot product, the Mi-man smart-scan robot, in the city.
In 2017 and 2018, the company launched its own branding product, which quickly became a leader in market ownership. According to a industry study published in 2019 by the Great Light Bond, 43 weeks before 2018, the market occupancy rates were different from those of the "Mi's Smart Land Sweeping Robot" and "Stony's Smart Land Sweeping Robot" online.
12.8% and 10.1%, or a total of 22.9%, of the company's main product is smart land sweep robots and related accessories, including the mini-meal products, which were launched in September 2016.
And the own brand, "Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small Robotics", launched in March 2018.
Laser intelligent ground sweep robots using a combination of lds laser ranging sensors and gyroscopes, acceleration meters, miles, etc. Laser navigational smart sweeps.
The slam algorithm of the sensor builds a map that allows for the intellectual path (odm) robotics.
Rows, suitable for more complex cleaning environments, equipped with wind-pressors and efficient cleaning structures, make cleaning more thorough and allow area-based cleaning
Laser intelligent ground sweep robots, using slam algorithms for sensors that combine lds laser ranging sensors and gyroscopes, acceleration meters, miles, etc.
Laser navigation sweeps one, requires manual intervention to plan for a full-scale and efficient body intelligence robot.
Smart scavenging routes, automatically saving user maps, customizing, clearing restricted areas and virtual walls, enabling scavenging and scavenging.
Random collision intelligence applies to large user units and developers in all industries that need to build space-based data applications.
Ground sweep robots built on ground tracking sensors and inertial measurement units.
The company has chosen the best and more expensive lds laser radar +slam for optimal positioning.
The company has developed its own industry-led laser-scan ranging module, which is capable of scanning up to 5 x 360°/seconds, while at the same time achieving precision in the same industry, it is able to create real-time maps of rooms efficiently and accurately.
Indoor positioning and navigation is strongly supported by slam algorithms developed by the company, which enable the company ' s slam algorithms to produce position and map information in real time on low-performance embedded processors, compared to Google ' s, using original co-accpu and gpu technologies to accelerate slam.
The cartographerslam algorithm requires a high-performance 64-bit i7 processor, and the company ' s slam algorithms, while meeting real-time positioning needs during machine sweeps, significantly reduce the need for processors ' performance, balancing performance with the company ' s focus on technology research and development from its inception and focusing on the company ' s strengths in core areas such as R & D.
In terms of procurement, the company has three procurement models: for high-value or core parts, the company procures directly from the supplier to the plant agent; and for other customizations.
For low-value, standardized components, the company specifies specifications and models to be managed by the manufacturer itself, and the company and the plant agree on a price range to be purchased on the basis of market prices. There is no model for producing rice brands and own brands.
In cooperation with Hinwanda and the Great Wall of East China, the company’s current replacements include, inter alia, raw material and assembly processing fees. The company’s direct procurement of core raw materials will be delivered directly to Hinwanda, which will be used according to demand.
Companies use a combination of online and sub-line sales model, where under-line sales of their own branded products are distributed as market models. 5. Future trends in smart sweep robots. 5.1 products upgrade intelligence and use experience.
Cognitive intelligence means that machines have the ability to think and understand proactively, and to interact with their users’ humans. Smart sweep robots, a product that combines intelligent software and hardware, are technological breakthroughs that are key drivers of industrial upgrading.
At present, the technological trend of smart sweep robots is shifting from random collisions to path planning, and the future will be oriented toward recognition and intellectualization. Specifically, smart sweep robots can gather information about areas of clean-up, such as buildings, structures, articles, user habits, etc., combined with big data analysis, in-depth learning and artificial intelligence technology for users.
On the basis of preferences, a diversified clean-up model that provides personalized services to users greatly enhances changes in the consumer ' s 5.2 smart applications landscape, expanding product applications across a wide range of scenes, increasing the level of technology and increasing the complexity of consumer demand for smart sweep robots.
Space-scanning robotic diversity applications will be the direction of the industry. Large smart-swipe robot producers are actively developing product areas, enhancing technological innovation in products and artificial intelligence development, and promoting smart-swipe machines.
Needs in different applications. At the same time, visual sensors (deep cameras, analogue vision, structural light sensors), low-cost high-performance laser radar sensors, high-performance devices such as soft-collateral-resistant contact sensors, and the use of new sensors, will provide more informative data to smart sweep robots; and, at the algorithm level, multisensor information integration.
Arithmetic captures effective information and optimizes algorithms according to optimization strategies. 5.3 Industry markets are becoming more competitive, and brand concentration will continue to increase.
Firms with strong brand names and autonomous R & D capabilities will further consolidate their market position for the domestic smart-and-swipe robot market. Firms that are competitive will be able to gain more market share with advantages such as finance, R & D, and channels, and market brand concentration will continue to increase.
During the reporting period, the top five clients of the company were matched by actual business and size. In 2016, the company’s product was only a year later, with the company’s own branding, its marketing channels were broadened, and its customers, such as Kyoto, were sold directly.
At the same time, as the company developed its own brand and its client concentration decreased, the company’s share of major business income for the Mi Group declined gradually, to 50.17% in 2018. As one of the leading companies in the domestic smart-and-scave robot industry, the company is of good asset quality and operational capability.
Strong. The rapid development of the intelligent clearing robotics industry and the growing competitiveness of the corporate market, with $30,758.7 million, an increase of 696.05 per cent and 359.11 per cent in comparison, show a rapid growth trend, reflecting good corporate performance.
The rate is low, but with the gradual decrease in the “mi” income as a percentage of the main business income (2016-2018), as of the date of the signing of the statement of interest, the company's controlling shareholders, the actual controlling persons, held 30.99 per cent of the company's shareholdings directly.
The company's application to be put on the market at the Science and Innovation Board to raise RMB 1.302 billion in funds for the new generation of clean land robots, the commercial clean robot products development project, the Ishigami data platform development project, and to complement it with the promotion of industrial upgrading through fund-raising investment projects, will help the company to continue to consolidate its smart clearing machine.
The competitive advantage of the instrumental sector increases the ability of firms to develop R & D and improve product performance in response to market demand, thereby increasing market ownership; through the competitive advantage and brand recognition that has been established within the industry, companies will further deepen their long-term stable and in-depth cooperation with clients to provide better products and services to end-users.
In terms of brands and markets, although the company only launched its first product in September 2016, it relies on the quality of the product.
According to an industry study published in 2019 of the Greater Light Bonds, the market penetration rates on the “Micro-Screen Robotics” and “Steak-Screen Robotics” lines were 12.8% and 10.1%, respectively, for a total of 22.9%. As the company continues to produce new products, it plans to increase its marketing promotion and marketing channels in the first 43 weeks of 2018.
At the same time, companies are also at the forefront of the industry in R & D and product design, with Kosovo (603486.sh), Fomart (837916.0c) and irobotcorp (irbt.0) currently listed companies comparable to companies in the area of disaggregation.
Downwind risks, risks of technological upgrading, risks of less than expected R & D, too single customers: University of Helm, University of England, Master of Business Management, major areas of research and tracking: Big Consumption, based on a six-month rise and drop in securities relative to the depth 300 index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.