The company went to Shenzhen City on 11 January 2019 to exchange with the Secretary of the Huadong Medicines (000963), to exchange information on the expectations of the priority products and their operations.
Acarbo sugar, although not yet in the first batch, is already ahead of schedule. Among domestic manufacturers, Chinese medicine competes for Chinese medicine.
First, Acapose's raw materials are produced at a high cost, requiring large-scale fermentation, and small orders are difficult to cover. To make up half of the country's market share, it will take at least $1 billion to invest in raw materials for an initial period of more than two years, with higher entry barriers; There are only four domestic suppliers, ranked according to size, in four companies, namely, Huadong, Leyju, Haizheng and Stone Medicine.
Mainly from home-grown and lyjudicine industries, which are the main suppliers of green leaf pharmaceuticals, while the quartz industry is not very high, production capacity is one of the priority indicators for bulk purchasing, companies have a high level of initiative in raw medicines, and for new entrants, the Acapose Be experiment is more difficult, and although there are manufacturing guidelines at home and abroad, it is not comprehensive, and there are currently no manufacturers around the globe.
The clinical trials of Acapose require a pharmacological evaluation, and factors such as age, weight, etc. are likely to have a greater impact on the extent of the decline in blood sugar after meals, which is difficult to assess, and it takes more time to complete a consistency evaluation. The Department is currently the only one to pass the consistency evaluation, and the main competitor, Green Ye Sichuan, has just been accepted by cde in 2018, with the company lagging behind.
At the end of the public hospital, 100% of the capsules are expected to maintain their current pattern, with vast grass-roots and otc spaces. The company’s 100% capsules, which cover more than 90% of the country’s public hospitals, are relatively mature, and it is expected to continue its current market in the future.
In terms of adaptive disorders, 100% of the capsules are currently subject to chronic renal and respiratory adaptive conditions, which are considered complementary in other areas. In the area of transplantation, 100% of the capsules are used as an auxiliary drugs, which are more sticky than the primary drugs. The 100% of the capsules are competed for the golden water capsules, which are currently used mainly in the field of oncology, while 100% of the capsules are used mainly in kidneys, respiratorys, and so on.
In 2017, the company sold 70% of the company’s 100% worth of capsules in three sections, and the channel base is deep. Since 100% of capsules are affected by the ratio of medications to prescriptions in large hospitals, there is some pressure on the speed of the increase, which is currently below 10% water level.
Limitations will continue to benefit from the promotion of graded consultations and prescription outflows, with companies expanding their grass-roots and otc channels in the last two years. Currently there are more than 200 sales personnel at the two main channels, which represent more than 20 per cent of the total sales of 100% capsules, and are expected to account for a future proportion of higher barriers to company immunosuppressants after sale, with less likely short-term purchases of intakes.
In addition to the individual differences in the effects of immunosuppressants, which determine the immune capacity of patients with different physical conditions, and the three or five months after the operation, which are highly volatile, the patient needs professional guidance on the quantity and taboos of his medications, and the company is currently providing academic guidance through the co-doctors, the company also contributes to further academic promotion in the post-sales sector through various channels, such as Sharon, the Witcom Public, magazines, etc.
On the other hand, the transplant itself is a life-safe drug, and patients are at greater risk of changing their medications, so it is unlikely that the three major immunosuppressants will enter the tape purchase list in the short term. With the exception of cyclosultocin, he has a lot of alternative space for McCophenol, which is currently undergoing an overseas danda program, which is expected to be approved in the first half of this year and later forwarded to the country.
Pentola is a first-line drug for digestive ulcers, mainly used in public hospitals, and is expected to reach over $1 billion in 2018, an overall increase of more than 20%, of which the capsule type is expected to grow by more than 30% and the needle by more than 10%. Pentola is expected to grow by more than 10%.
The National Science and Technology Progress Second Award has a positive impact on market promotion and pricing. Pertorium injection may be received at the end of the hospital in the future with increased surveillance and restrictions, but surveillance is mainly based on the use of hyperadaptive disorders, which are expected to continue in the area of digestion. In the off-site market, the use of capsules, mainly for chronic diseases, is less likely to be monitored.
The company’s third-generation egfr inhibitor, McWaldani, is currently used for first-line drug resistance to non-small-cell lung cancer, which is currently in the same three-generation egfr inhibitors.
Aslicon's Osidaloni grew faster, with sales expected to reach more than $1 billion in the first half of 2018, showing a wide market space for three generations of products. At the same time, the company's McWallani is used mainly for first-line drug resistance, which accounts for about 60% of the cases, while Osidalni is used mainly for drug-resistant positive patients, which are not entirely competitive, and is not currently available in the field of drug resistance.
In addition, McWallani is conducting three clinical trials of rare genetic mutagenic targets, with a better pattern of competition in the field. According to data from the pre-clinic I phase, the treatment of McWalleeney is highly effective, with immediate approval if the clinical ii results are good, and it is expected that the clinical ii test will be completed in the third quarter of this year.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively, and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, issuers, and issuers of securities.
I assure you that I am not in a position to do anything about the securities or investments referred to in this report.