China Sea Oil (600938). The cost of barrel oil is very high, and the future of the offshore oil and gas taps will be good for China Sea Oil
China Sea Oil is one of the largest oil and gas companies in the world, and is the leader of China’s marine exploration and exploitation of crude oil and natural gas.
The group holds direct shares, the National Investment Commission holds indirect shares, and the equity structure is stable. The business includes regular hydrocarbon operations, shale oil and gas operations, and oil sand operations.
This compares to about 50%. The company enhances natural gas exploration and exploitation, and deploys non-conventional natural gas, such as coal-bed gas, and other non-conventional oil and gas operations. The company is active through three sub-resources, based on the concept of green low-carbon development, fully building on the capabilities of marine resources development.
In the future, the company will rely fully on its capacity to exploit its marine resources, and on the exploration, exploitation and production of other petroleum products.
A branch of the company is a group-related business.
The company’s marine oil and gas reserves are highly superior and are expected to increase production significantly in the future. Our crude oil production and demand are currently incompatible mainly in China, Canada, the United Kingdom, Nigeria, and India.
In 2022, the company’s domestic and overseas reserves were found to be growing at a high rate. The company insisted on putting exploration first, providing a backup for the production of additional reserves.
Highlights for the next three to six months are: Quantities. The company’s oil and gas production increased significantly in 2022.
At the end of the demand: rapid decline in the impact of the epidemic at the beginning of 2020, now recovering. U.S. refineries maintain high capacity utilization, and Shandong has a rate of commencement.
On the supply side: Russia’s crude oil production was still lower than it had been before the Russian-Turkish conflict, and 52 weeks of price-adding cutbacks were needed to cover the fall in oil prices. Supply demand has increased, and oil prices are expected to remain high.
The cost of orange oil: a sharp decrease highlights the competitiveness of the company. Companies have put in place efficiency and efficiency mechanisms that contribute significantly to increasing production in storage, technological innovation, optimal deployment of jobs, etc., deep-deeping in space, confirming total equity/transita shares (thousands of shares)
By means of these measures, the public circulation b/h unit (millions) is reduced from $39.82/barrel equivalent in 2015 to $26.34 in 2020.
The cost competitive advantage is further consolidated, and risk-resistant investment is recommended: the company is one of the largest pure upstream oil and gas companies in the world, and is the leader of China’s marine exploration and exploitation of crude oil and natural gas, with crude oil production among the top three countries.
In the next three years, production is expected to increase rapidly; the company's cost-control capacity is strong and the oil is at a near full cost risk: (3) exchange rate fluctuations and the risk of foreign exchange controls: (4) forward-looking judgment of hydrocarbon prices and the sources of financial prosperity in the East
1. International first-class e-&p companies with stable operations and excellent performances 1.1 China ' s maritime oil and gas poles and stable equity structures
The company is one of the largest offshore oil and gas companies in the world, and is the leader of China’s marine oil and gas exploration and development. The company is China’s largest producer of crude oil and gas at sea, and one of the largest independent oil and gas exploration and production groups in the world. China’s marine oil is the first industry to open up to the outside world after China’s reform and opening up.
The China Ocean Oil Company was officially established in Beijing on 15 February 1982. Figure 1: China Oceanstone, October 2022
On February 15, 1982, China's first deep water was discovered.
Electricity project - Jiangsu Sea, China Ocean Oil Master Bill will be on the air on April 21st.
21-1, Speculation, Windfield to full capacity. Sea Stock Exchange to be listed.
In December 2021, China completed the acquisition of Canadian Nic oil.
On December 3rd, 2021, Sea Oil announced that our first business deal with Kessen,
Applying for their American deposit documents, a home-grown deep-water harvest, buying its regular shares and preferences.
From Toronto, Canada, the oil trees are officially operational. The China Sea Oil Group holds direct shares, the State Treasury holds indirect shares, and the equity structure is stable.
By the end of 2022, China Seastone Oil Group Ltd. indirectly held 60.49% of the company’s shareholdings through its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Figure 2: China Sea Oil Group direct holdings, State Treasury Committee indirect holdings, stable equity structure, corporate net profits are more affected by oil prices. As a result of the new crown epidemic, international oil prices fell rapidly in early 2020, and the oil industry was severely affected, the company’s net profit from withholding was still as high as $21.370 billion. With the subsequent recovery in oil prices, the company’s net return to the mother grew by 101.51 per cent in 2022.
Figure 3: Rapid decline in international oil prices in early 2020, as a result of the new crown epidemic; annual rise in mining and sales; drop in oil and gas sales revenues in 2020, mainly as a result of the fall in international oil prices in that year; rebound in oil prices in 2022; boom in Eastern wealth and prosperity
1.3 The company has extensive exploration blocks in the core area of China's maritime area, as well as a number of exploration blocks in Africa, South America and North America. China's marine natural gas geological resources are significant as of today:
In 2022, the company confirmed a net natural gas reserve of 89,653 billion cubic feet. At the same time, it increased its efforts to explore non-conventional natural gas, completing 132 unconventional wells, collecting 3D seismic data of 516 square kilometres and 2D seismic data of 120 kilometres.
In 2019, China’s China Oil Acquisitions China China Federation expanded the distribution of coal-bed gas assets on land in China and built two non-conventional gas production bases in the Shanxi and Ordos basins east of China. In the future, the company will continue to increase its efforts to develop non-conventional gas on land to provide strong support for the company’s green low-carbon transformation and natural gas output growth. The company will build the South China Sea on the foundation of the first deep-water, deep-water, gas field, Deep Sea One.
In the east, the wealth and wisdom of the world is a source of a trillion-dollar atmosphere: the construction of the sea-based atmosphere, centred on a large condensed gas field of 19 to 6, and the development of a highly regulated natural gas business on land, using China-China as a platform. By 2025, the share of total natural gas production in the total oil and gas production of the company will continue to rise.
The Deep Sea One energy station is a 100,000-ton-grade deep water storage platform for semi-submarine production, developed and built autonomously in our country. It is located in a deep sea 1 gas field located in the south-east mausoleum of the island.
The first 1,500-metre deep water-based atmospheric field, where gas reserves exceed 100 billion tons, the 19-6 condensed gas fields of the birch have now discovered about 200 billion cubic metres of gas geological reserves, and the condensed oil geological reserves exceed 150 million cubic metres.
The Ministry’s largest condensed gas field, which is used by millions of people in cities for hundreds of years after childbirth, is the first large, well-dressed, high-yielding, extremely high 100 billion cubic metres of condensed gas field in the eastern part of China.
Bo Island is our first deep-water deep-air field, with a large delta of tectonic background.
The company is active in the new energy sector, based on the concept of green low-carbon development, and is fully based on the ability to develop marine resources.