China Sea Oil (600938.sh) operates a well-managed offshore oil and gas giant, petrochemical oil and gas exploitationii
Our crude oil imports are about 70% dependent, and our own crude oil production accounts for about 25% of its production. We are a large global demand country. Oil consumption has risen steadily in recent years and is limited to resource endowments. Our crude oil imports are about 70% dependent, with imports reaching 508 million tons in 2022.
The share of China, China and China is 94 per cent, with China ' s sea oil being the second largest producer of crude oil after China ' s oil, accounting for about 25 per cent of China ' s crude oil production.
Over the years, as the world’s leading offshore oil and gas mining enterprise, companies have consistently increased their production, maintaining hundreds of billions of dollars in capital spending in recent years, allowing the public to maintain a high level of net confirmation of reserves, stock replacements and net production. In recent years, companies have been under the umbrella of companies.
The 52-week-highest/lowest-priced marine oilfields have developed into the country ' s first-largest crude oil production base, and the overseas Guyana stabroek block has become the main force for increased overseas production.
The company controls costs through exploration, development, production, and actively promotes technological and managerial innovation to enhance the competitive advantage of costs. The barrel oil costs are relatively high, and have been refined through exploration, exploitation, and production of old oil fields.
Following the rapid pace of development of the country’s gas industry, the gas plates enjoy the dividends of growth. The country is in a period of rapid growth, with great potential for growth in demand.
Import pipelines can be built to meet consumption growth only to a limited extent. By enhancing exploration for marine natural gas and land-based non-conventional gas, the company ' s new project development will be a powerful boost to the company ' s target of 35% gas production in 2025.
Cash flows are robust, focused on shareholder returns, and interest rates are high. Corporate assets and liabilities are low, cash flows are robust, laying a solid foundation for long-term corporate development. In addition, companies focus on shareholder returns and accumulated income in the Hong Kong energy category first, with corporate dividends paid throughout the year for the next two years, according to the company ' s annual report.
The rate is expected to be no less than 40%, the absolute value of the total annual dividends is expected to be no less than HK$0.70/Staff, including taxes, and the company’s long-term robust performance, with a “buy-in” rating. China’s sea oil: a sea oil and gas giant with a global business map
China Ocean Oil and Oil Co. Ltd. is China ' s largest producer of crude oil and natural gas at sea and one of the largest independent oil and gas exploration and production enterprises in the world, mainly for exploration, exploitation, production and sale of crude oil and natural gas.
China Sea Oil Group is the actual controlling party of the company and the State Treasury Committee holds an indirect share. China Sea Oil Group was established in 1982 and was granted exclusive rights by the State Council, in the form of legislation, to carry out oil exploration, exploitation, production and sale in China’s external cooperative maritime zone. China Ocean Oil Company Limited was registered in Hong Kong in 1999 and was established in Hong Kong in 2001.
Since its inception, the company has developed oil and gas exploration into China’s maritime waters, becoming the main contributor to the increase in crude oil, and has established a complete production system for offshore oil and gas exploration and development. At the same time, the company has actively deployed overseas, holding interests in various world-class hydrocarbon projects.
In January, the company officially landed on a stock market and successfully set up an internal and external capital operating platform.
Domestically, companies conduct hydrocarbon exploration, development and production activities in the central regions of the Panghai, South China Sea, East South China Sea, and East China Sea, through self-employment and cooperative projects. Overseas, companies have diversified and high-quality assets, hold interests in various world-class hydrocarbon projects, and have assets spread across Asia, Africa, North America, South America, and South America.
Oceania and Europe. By the end of 2022, based on the combined net proven reserves of companies, the highest reserves of companies were in the region, accounting for about 29 per cent; the offshore reserves were in the region of about 39 per cent, with Canada and South America accounting for the higher reserves.
In order to achieve a balanced distribution, the net domestic production ranged from 64 per cent to 70 per cent, the company ' s net domestic oil and gas production reached about 70 per cent of our crude oil import dependency in 2022, and sea oil production was about 25 per cent of its own crude oil production, which was more stable than our crude oil demand, with an import dependency of about 70 per cent. China ' s crude oil consumption has been around 70 per cent since 2018.
Looking ahead, demand for crude oil is expected to remain stable and rising as the epidemic policy shifts. The share of our own crude oil supply is about 30%, and demand is largely dependent on import supplementation.
Imports of crude oil have declined slightly in China in the last two years as a result of tight import quotas and double-carbon policies, and in 2021 China ' s crude oil imports amounted to 513 million tons, 2022 tons in 2021.
China’s crude oil production rose steadily, and the company became the second largest producer of crude oil after China’s oil. Since the launch of the Seven-Year Plan of Action in 2019, domestic oil and gas producers have continued to increase their exploration and production.
With regard to oil and gas self-sufficiency, our crude oil production rose from 189 million tons to 205 million tons in 2018-2022, and our crude oil production rose from 204.6 million tons per year, gradually increasing from 1.0 per cent to 2.9 per cent per year.
Crude oil production accounts for more than 94 per cent of China ' s total crude oil production; oil has been extended as one of the four domestic oil and gas exploration and development companies, with production accounting for about 5.56 per cent of China ' s crude oil production in 2022; and since its inception, China ' s sea oil has intensified crude oil exploration, making it the second largest domestic crude oil after China ' s oil.
Producers account for about 25% of China’s crude oil production. As market-based reforms move forward, upstream access liberalization and network reform deepens, China’s entire hydrocarbon industry is expected to open up gradually, with a long-term prospect of a new pattern of full-industry competition dominated by large-scale oil and gas companies with multiple economic components.
Figure 6: Distribution of China ' s crude oil demand, 2018-2022
Operations include, inter alia, conventional oil and gas operations, shale oil and gas operations, oil sand and sand operations and other non-conventional oil and gas operations, with revenues from oil and liquid sales amounting to $311 billion and from natural gas sales amounting to $41.9 billion, accounting for 73.7 per cent and 10 per cent of the total, respectively.
The company ' s income and profits have steadily increased, its performance has been refruited by the fall in oil prices through higher reserves and lower efficiency measures The net profits from the company ' s revenue collection and repatriation have risen significantly as international oil prices have gone up, and the company achieved operating income in 2022 and maximized the benefits of the high oil price cycle in 2022 as a result of the company ' s insistence on higher yields and sustained savings efficiency gains,
Compared to the 2014 oil price environment, net profits increased by 1.35 times, reaching their highest level ever. The fall in international crude oil in 2023 was partly offset by growth in corporate production and lower costs, and reflected the firm ' s resilience during the period of falling oil prices.
The company’s long-term cost rate has been stable, crude oil has been developed, and performance has been significantly affected by the fall in oil prices, which has led to a significant increase in the cost ratio over the period. The subsequent inflow of oil and gas sales contributed to an increase in interest income, resulting in a 23 per cent reduction in the company’s financial costs.
The Division’s share of sales and management costs and financial costs are lower than the industry averages, mainly because companies maintain a low-cost competitive advantage over long periods of time and maintain a “tight and efficient” user policy. Companies’ R & D costs are higher than comparable firms in the same industry, mainly to strengthen technology, optimize industrial structures, and improve the competitiveness of firms.
Figure 14: Cost of sales and management of companies and comparable companies (%) Figure 15: Cost of R & D of companies and comparable companies (%) Lower asset-liability rate and high profitability, leading to a robust cash flow level
Corporate debt pressure is relatively low, and long-term profitability is at the forefront of comparable firms in the industry. Corporate output and debt ratios have also remained low and debt-servicing capacity has been strong for the years 2018-2022. In a horizontal comparison, corporate asset and debt ratios are also far from high, although the company ' s roe is slightly lower than its international counterparts, but a Dupont analysis reveals higher net interest rates on company sales.
A total of 33.56 per cent indicates that hydrocarbon resources are of good quality, but corporate financial leverage is significantly lower than that of peers, mainly through prudent fiscal policies. Moreover, there is some room for growth in corporate asset turnover, future profitability, good cash flow creativity, and cash flow can fully meet the business’s day-to-day business needs.
Net cash flows from corporate operations showed a stable overall growth trend in 2014-2022, with the Complex Increase Division focusing on cash flow management and a healthy financial position.
Oil prices are expected to remain in mid- and high-rises, and oil prices are expected to remain high in the future, with oil prices expected to remain high in the range of $80-90 per barrel, according to the oil and gas mining company industry, based on forecasts from the iea, eia, etc., and overall supply and demand constraints. Supply end-endopc+ will continue to increase production cuts, and Saudi Arabia and Russia will decline.
Production has been extended to the end of 2023; Russian crude oil will continue to be affected by sanctions and there is uncertainty about trends in real production; United States strategic oil reserves are entering the replenishment phase and shale oil capital spending is insufficient and production increases are limited; The supply side is generally tight. The demand side of the world economy is continuing to repair, with China and the United States oil refineries starting to work.
High and moderate demand for oil has led to a relatively tight overall supply and demand, and oil prices are expected to remain high. At the supply end: supply-side growth was insufficient in 2023, the overall supply-side was tight, Occ+ continued to increase production cuts, and Saudi Arabia and Russia extended production cuts until the end of the 23rd century.
With regard to claims for high oil prices, the OPC+ meeting of 4 December 2022 decided to maintain the policy of reducing production by 2 million barrels per day (OPC by 1.27 million barrels per day and other countries by 730,000 barrels per day) and to continue the production policy until the end of 2023.
Since May 2023, Saudi Arabia has voluntarily reduced the production of 500,000 barrels/day of crude oil, and since July has again voluntarily reduced the production of 1 million barrels/day of crude oil. The average daily production of Saudi crude oil has been reduced to 9 million barrels/day, the lowest water level in a few years.
By the end of the year, Russia will also extend its 300,000 barrels per day of oil exports until the end of the year. The two major crude-oil-supply countries have announced that the extension of production cuts will be beneficial to the oil-spill city, that the supply end is running at a low level, and that the price of oil, both domestic and foreign, will be reduced in 2023, and that the frequency of price increases will be reduced, with no more frequent monthly meetings to adjust production policies.
Instead, it is a six-monthly ministerial meeting (noomm) and bimonthly meetings of the OPEC+ Joint Ministerial Oversight Committee (jmmc) which, according to the results of the current implementation, has increased the stability of the reduction policy.
Production has fallen by 2 million barrels per day, and the overall rate of implementation of the reduction has been high, meeting previous reduction commitments. In August 2023, zeropec, the main producer, reduced crude oil production by about 17,000 barrels in July 2023, maintaining a better level of reduction.
The 5th of February 2023, when an embargo was imposed on Russian crude oil by sea, imposed on Russian petroleum products by sea, capped Russian crude oil by $60 through control of maritime transport insurance.
After Russia’s crude oil supply remained relatively uncertain, Russia was actively selling crude oil to the Asian region through trade transfers, and the impact of the sanctions was expected to diminish as the pattern of global crude oil trade was reshaped, so we judged that Russia’s production would decline first, and then recover.
Million barrels per day of oil fluid production is 1.2 million barrels per day. Opec projects that Russian crude oil production will decline by 0.58 million barrels per day to 10.45 million barrels per day in 2023, but Russia’s real production is uncertain due to the geopolitical influence in Eastern Europe.
US shale oils are growing slowly, and strategic oil reserves are entering the replenishment cycle. In shale oil, US spending will remains low and will is not yet conditional on a significant increase in production. According to eia, US crude oil production increased slightly by 0.87 million barrels per day to 12.78 million barrels per day in 2023.
Since the second half of 2021, in response to the oil shortage and the rapid rise in oil prices, the United States has twice announced that, on 30 June of that year, strategic oil reserves have fallen below 336 million barrels, their lowest level in recent years. And, in 2022, the United States Government was considering the replenishment of strategic oil reserves.
In 2023, the U.S. Department of Energy formally began the procurement replenishment of strategic oil reserves, which, as of the week of September 1, stood at 350 million barrels, with 798,000 barrels more than the ring, and continued to be replenished.
Upstream investment in hydrocarbons has grown slowly, mainly in the shale sector. The impact of investment in oilfield projects has gradually diminished, and according to iia, the cost of global hydrocarbon projects has also increased to 50% and above for increased oil field projects. The development of hydrocarbon projects in 2019-2021 showed a downward trend until 2021.
Investment in hydrocarbon projects is mainly based on shale gas. So we think that, even if future spending on hydrocarbon capital does not cease to increase, the actual investment effects will diminish as the cost of investment in oil fields rises.
The major international energy agencies expect a small increase in crude oil demand in 2023. The latest figure is 26, respectively: forecasts of crude oil demand by mainstream institutions (millions of barrels per day). In the current policy environment, crude oil demand has not yet peaked and demand growth will continue.
Government stimulus measures will stimulate economic growth, energy demand will gradually diversify, and demand side is expected to recover. There are three scenarios for future demand for crude oil: the current policy scenario, the climate commitment scenario, and the 2050 net zero emissions scenario. Under the current policy scenario, global demand for oil exceeded 2019 levels in 2023.
At a peak of 103 million barrels per day in the mid-2030s, with a higher level of demand remaining until 2050, the price of oil will continue to rise from its high temperature in 2022 to around $82 per barrel in 2030. Under the climate commitment scenario, stronger policy action has led to a peak in global oil demand in the mid-2020s.
At a value slightly higher than the 2019 demand level, it then fell to 93 million barrels per day in 2030 and oil prices fell below $65 per barrel in 2030, and oil prices continued to decline slowly as demand fell. By 6% in 2050, oil prices were increasingly determined by the operating costs of marginal projects, falling to around $35 per barrel in 2030.
China and the United States are large global oil demand countries, and our analysis of demand for crude oil in China and the United States reveals that demand for crude oil is recovering. China’s crude-oil imports and the start-up rate of major refineries have steadily increased, and domestic demand for coal has increased significantly.
In August 2023, the General Customs Administration recorded a total of 52.884 million tons of crude oil imports, and a total of 379 million tons of crude oil imports in January-August, an increase of 14.7 per cent, compared with the previous year, resulting from the current high international oil price shock, which has pushed up the cost-side price of most of the eligible products, boosting market purchasing readiness and promoting a significant increase in crude oil imports.
As of 7 September, the main refinery was operating at a high capacity of more than 84 per cent, which has been at a high level since 2019, and the main refinery has been operating at a steady rate. There has been a significant increase in domestic consumption of gasoline and shipping coal at the end demand level.
The consumption of gasoline, supported by demand, is expected to increase significantly; it has been dominated by digestive stocks since this year, when the pre-existing stock levels were low, and the refinery produced pre-positions. Moreover, with the total liberalization of control at the beginning of 2023, the domestic tourism industry has rebounded in retaliation, air commerce has increased, and there has been a surge in the volume of air traffic.
The cumulative turnover of passengers in civil aviation amounted to 564.597 million kilometres per month, an increase of 137.8 per cent over the same period, and the demand for coal from national shipping increased significantly. In July 2023, total domestic surface coal consumption amounted to 34.85 million tons, an increase of 58.64 per cent over the same period. In January-July, total surface domestic coal consumption increased by 19.0581 million tons, an increase over the same period.
U.S. refinery processing and motivation remain high, and U.S. crude oil demand is strong and resilient. U.S. Energy Information Agency data show that, as of the week of 8 September 2023, U.S. refineries were operating 93.7%, an increase of 0.6 percentage points from the previous week.
On the other hand, exports of petroleum products from the United States have increased significantly since April 2022, making it an important destination for refined oil products. After April this year, the production activity of United States refineries (the start-up load rate) has remained at more than 90%, while processing levels have remained relatively high, reflecting the high intensity of demand for crude oil in the United States.
Resilient, as can be seen, is still at the expected level of the economy and does not substantially affect demand for crude oil. Consumption tenacity will also be a further boost to supply-stressed increases in oil prices. Figure 30: Workload rates at United States refineries since 2019 (%)
Our fossil energy sources are highly dependent on external sources and will effectively guarantee the country's energy security. Due to resource endowments, our country is a typical “coal-rich, oil-poor, gas-poor” country.
As of 2022, China had 72% external dependence on crude oil, and 42% external dependence on natural gas. In recent years, energy security has been given high priority.
In May 2019, the National Energy Agency (NEA) proposed “work requirements for a seven-year action programme to further upgrade oil and gas exploration in 2019 and the years to come”. The Government's report of 2022 raised energy security to food security.
The party’s 20-year report calls for an in-depth advance of the energy revolution, the strengthening of the energy supply and distribution system, and ensuring that companies respond to the demands of the country’s energy security by increasing their resources in response to the call for increased storage.
This expenditure, the active exploration of new projects, the maintenance of a rapid growth in oil and gas production and storage of billions of yuan, exceeding the early year ' s plan and strongly supporting the development of additional production, technological research and development and hydrocarbon infrastructure. 18 new discoveries were made by companies in 2022 and 28 hydrocarbon-containing structures were successfully evaluated;
New breakthroughs in exploration for new areas, new areas, new types of new areas opened up areas for replacement of additional stocks; in the first half of 2023, the company obtained 5 new discoveries, successfully evaluated 14 hydrocarbon-containing structures and recovered reserves in the offshore Guiana Stabroek block, with China ' s oil reserves having been innovatively high since 2017, reaching 6,239 million barrels of oil in 2022
Volume. In terms of storage life and storage replacement rates, the stock life of the company has remained stable over the past six years, and the stock company continues to expand new blocks and has great potential for future development. Figure 33: Corporate capital expenditure and operating cash flows (billions of yuan)
Figure 34: Company net oil and gas production (billion barrels of oil equivalent) Active domestic effort to reach deep and deep, expand mature areas, explore sub-surface and rapidly and efficiently advance deep coal exploration on land. In the first half of 2023, five new discoveries were made in China ' s maritime areas, 10-6 barrels of oil equivalent, 18-1 and 18-1, respectively.
Qinjiang 24-2, Qin Royal Island 32-6 East and Hue County 26-6 North, and successfully evaluated 14 hydrocarbon-containing structures. Of these, the newly discovered 10-6 and Quantified 18-1 geological reserves were more than 20 million tons, demonstrating potential for exploration in the deep areas of the Pearl River mouth basin; and the 27-3 large medium-sized hydrocarbon structures of Qin Royal Island were successfully evaluated to detect excess geological reserves.
50 million tons to expand the exploration area for rocky oil deposits on a shallow scale in the sea, the strategic hub of overseas focus, the Guyana Stabroek block, became the main force of production growth overseas. Guyana ' s sea stabroek block, located in north-eastern Guyana, is the largest in recent years at 1600 to 2,000 metres deep.
One of the exploration findings was that the company had a 25 per cent interest in the block. The first and second phases of the zone ' s liza oil field were launched in 2019 and 2022, respectively, with a maximum production of 340,000 barrels of oil equivalent on the design day. By the end of 2022, the above-mentioned two phases of the project had stabilized production over the maximum production day of the design, with an average daily production of approximately 380,000 barrels of oil equivalent.
The construction of the Payara oil field in the third phase is well under way and is expected to start production in 2023, with a peak of 220,000 barrels of oil per day on design. In 2022, 10 new discoveries were made in the stabroek block, including in the areas of laulau, fangtooth, barreleye, Lukanani, Patwa, kirukiru, seabob, Yarrow, sailfin and fangtoothse.
Previously, the blocks accumulated more than 30 new discoveries, and according to the operators, the total amount of available resources in the blocks was about 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent. In the first half of 2023, the company ' s net output abroad rose by 14.4 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly thanks to increases in production such as the Guéa Nariza II and the Brazil Buzios oil fields.
Over the years, companies have worked hard to promote efficiency and maintain a competitive cost advantage. Companies have managed cost control throughout the process of exploration, development, production, and have actively promoted technological and managerial innovation to enhance competitive cost advantages. Over the years, firms have built and consolidated cost competition in the industry.
The cost of barrel oil is much lower than that of comparable companies in the industry. The company has achieved a decline in the main cost of barrel oil for many years in a row, with the main cost of barrel oil rising slightly over the past two years but remaining low.
In 2022, the main cost of barrel oil increased slightly in comparison with the previous year, mainly because the rise in oil prices led to an increase in taxes other than income tax. A breakdown shows a decrease of $0.09 to $7.74 per barrel for barrel oil operations, mainly in large dollars/barrells, mainly due to changes in production structure and the impact of the devaluation of the renminbi against the dollar.
The company’s continued cost of regulation fell by 7.1 per cent over the same year, with taxes other than income tax falling by 22.3 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of the fall in oil prices. As a result of the competitive cost advantage, China and China oil maintained the industry’s leading barrel oil profitability. In 2022, the company’s main cost of barrel oil was 68.7 dollars below Brent crude oil prices.
We choose operating fees, dd&a, and exploration costs to compare the company’s costs of barrel oil. The following table shows that the company’s costs are much lower than those of comparable companies, and that the overall costs of barrel oil are slightly lower than the industry’s average costs.
Starting in 2014, the company introduced a “cost-effective year” of full-scale enhanced cost controls, with deep-rooted initiatives to reduce downturns and efficiency gains. In 2022, commodity prices continued to rise and inflation prices rose, at a cost that remained the same.
To effective control. The operating cost is $7.74 barrel equivalent, which is well below the industry-to-business average of $11.85/barrel equivalent. dd&a accounts for a higher share of the total cost, and the company’s depreciation and amortization of barrel oil has declined over the years, as the oil fields enter the middle and the stock has been modified by such factors.
In addition, by improving the success rate of exploration, shortening the development cycle, and enhancing the finer management of old oil fields, companies are effectively controlling the natural decline in production in oil fields. The company’s cost-control system is well developed, with certain cost competitive advantages and barrel oil profitability, mainly from public sources.
Cost controls for the entire business process of existing projects and through the implementation of cost controls for the entire business process through technological innovations in the new development project 1) control of production costs from a wide range of sources, such as crude oil exploration and development production. Companies apply cost control concepts throughout the life cycle of oil and gas exploration, development and production to achieve effective control
In the area of crude oil exploration, the main objective is the large-scale oil and gas fields, actively promoting a shift in the contract model for drilling wells overseas from a daily fee to a large package, with full cost control. Development of the production side, sustained digitalization and intelligent transformation, and gradual expansion of technology optimization, such as offshore unmanned platforms and cavity power.
At the same time, the company has a very prudent economic assessment system, with pressure testing using a low-price model of $35/bpb to determine the space for cost reduction, focusing on precision management and precision promotion of cost tubes 2), which reduces efficiency gains and controls the cost of new projects, including through technological innovation.
The company has the exclusive right to cooperate with China in the exploration, exploitation, production and sale of marine oil in the sea.
The Guyana Maritime Stabroek block is located in north-eastern Guyana at depths of 1600 to 2,000 metres, and the company ' s continued promotion of models such as technological innovation, standardized design, etc., has given the main barrel oil costs of the new project a leading advantage in the entire company ' s area of operation. In the future, the company will make every effort to improve its downside efficiency and move forward as planned.
New projects are in place to contain barrel oil costs. 3) Future oil and gas cost trends may have slightly increased, but companies will maintain a comparative advantage in the cost of barrel oil in the industry. No oil price hub is in high position or will result in higher prices for steel, bulk commodities, manpower, etc.; and in the future
There is a tendency in industry to move towards difficult deep-sea exploration and an increase in the difficulty factor for exploration, which may lead to a slight upward trend in future oil and gas costs. Accordingly, the company has made cost control one of the key indicators within the performance appraisal system, building on its potential for technological and managerial innovation, and moving forward with safety bottomlines.
In the future, companies will continue to control costs, step by step in the consolidation of a competitive cost structure, and increase profitability. In keeping with the rapid development of domestic natural gas, the business share is stable.
The domestic gas sector is in a period of rapid development, with a huge potential for growth in consumption, starting with the introduction of the Western-East pipeline into commercial operations in 2004, and a rapid market entry period. China ' s gas consumption reached 100 billion cubic metres in 2010, reaching 193.1 billion cubic metres in 2015, and since then.
In 2022, as a result of the European gas crisis, the consumption rate was 36.46 billion cubic metres, and the rate of growth in natural gas consumption slowed down, during a period of rapid development. The typical period of rapid natural gas development, according to the data, generally lasted more than 30 years.
China is one of the main natural gas-consuming countries and one of the most potential markets for growth. As our economy turns, urbanization, industrialization, and digitization are accelerating, people’s living standards are rising, and the population’s demand for clean energy will continue to grow.
According to the National Statistics Office, the share of urban gas consumption in China’s natural gas consumption in 2022 was 33%, and industry accounted for 33%.
Fuel, natural gas, chemical gas, 42 per cent, 17 per cent, and 8 per cent, respectively. The gas generation sector is projected to grow faster in the country by 2025, with a demand of 80 billion cubic metres, or 18.56 per cent; in the chemical industry, the demand for gas increased to 35 billion cubic metres in 2025, or 8.12 per cent;
Gas demand in the industrial fuel sector is estimated to be about 170 billion cubic metres in 2025 as a result of the winding down of the “coal gas conversion” policy; and in the urban fuel sector, the consumption of gas in the urban fuel sector is expected to be 146 billion in 2025, owing to balanced developments in the area of residential gas, heating gas and transportation
In summary, gas consumption is projected to be 43 billion cubic metres in 2025, and cagr has reached a sustained increase in the supply of natural gas in 2022-2025, with limited domestic demand and a low detection rate of our natural gas resources, which is expected to be made up in the future as exploration progresses.
The production of non-conventional gases, such as shale gas and coal-bed gas, is expected to grow rapidly as the level of development increases. The country has developed the main gas field as a whole, with steady production in Sichuan, Eldos, Tarigi, Matsugi, and Nagas.
Five basins have achieved strategic breakthroughs in 20 district generations, allowing for a replacement of the size of the reserves, an increase in the projected annual geological reserves of 8000-100 billion cubic metres of detectable natural gas, an accelerated construction of large- and medium-sized gas fields, and the development of air fields through in-house diving, rolling edges, integrated management, etc., in the XIV5 period.
With regard to gas pipelines, the Central Asian pipeline abcd will be fully operational, with an annual delivery of 100 billion cubic metres per year. The supply of gas pipelines in China and Russia will increase steadily, with 38 billion cubic metres per year projected for 2025.
Supply, and China and Russia are actively building and negotiating the Far East Pipeline and Siberian Power 2 gas pipelines, and the supply of medium- and long-term pipelines has steadily increased. In recent years, the construction of our ng receiving station has accelerated, ng receiving capacity has increased rapidly, and ng's orders have been made in sufficient quantities, accompanied by a steady drop in the price of East Asia's spot lang.
As a result, the country’s autonomous production and imports of natural gas have continued to grow, with limited capacity to meet the growth in domestic demand. In response to carbon neutralization, companies have made significant efforts to develop the natural gas sector, with a steady increase in the share of business.
Natural gas is the most clean fossil energy source. The main components of natural gas are methane (ch2), containing a small amount of ethane and propane, almost free of sulphur, dust, and other harmful substances. Natural gas combustion is mainly carbon dioxide and water.
Natural gas is considered to be an excellent, efficient, cleaner energy source, with few, and with little or no emissions of harmful gases such as sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides. Given the double carbon target, companies achieved a high rate of growth in net natural gas production and reserves.
Production reached 778.7 billion cubic feet, of which net domestic marine gas production amounted to 65.89 per cent, inland natural gas production amounted to 12.53 per cent and overseas to 21.58 per cent.
In 2022, on the sea, the company discovered that the 21-1 gas geological reserve of the first deep-water, large-scale gas field, Boca, was over 50 billion. A historic breakthrough in deep-water exploration in the South China Sea will provide a solid foundation for the construction of a trillion-dimensional atmosphere in the South China Sea.
The company plans to build a trillionth of atmospheres in the South China Sea on the basis of the first deep-water gas field in the South China Sea, Deep Sea One, and a large condensed gas field in the South China Sea, centred on 19-6 tons of condensed air fields.
On land in China, the company focused on non-conventional natural gas resources, using China Union as a platform. In 2022, the company was able to produce 120 kilometres of seismic data for the two dimensions. In 2022, the first deep-sea gas well fractures were successfully completed, pushing land exploration to expand to a depth of over 2,000 metres.
The long-coalbed gas pipeline was built in December 2022 to provide stable, high company production of non-conventional gas on land in the north China region, with promising prospects for new projects. The company has built two major non-conventional gas production bases, the temple and the eastern edge of the Ordos basin. In recent years, the company’s land-based natural gas has continued to grow.
By the end of 2022, China’s net air output on land was about 90.6 billion cubic feet, an increase of 32% over the same period, with a compound increase of 123.8% in 2018-2022. The company expects the project to be launched in 2023 for the integration of gas exploration and development in the cauldron areas of the capital.
The company will continue to accelerate the development of non-conventional gas operations on land, with a strong boost to the company’s target of increasing natural gas production to 35% in 2025. The company is also planning to move forward in the future with the construction of an additional 100 billion-dollar storage of non-conventional natural gas on land, which will provide strong support for the company’s growth in natural gas production and a green low-carbon transformation.
The high proportion of red, the green area of layout shows that companies can sustain their business for the long term, that they focus on shareholder returns and that they maintain high scores for the long term.
The company values shareholder returns, with a cumulative share in the energy category of Hong Kong in the first place and a single share in the first half of the year. From 2006 to 2022, the company ' s cash share amounted to HK$40.51 billion, with an average share of US$ 47: the company and comparable shares (%, h shares)
The company was listed on a stock market in 2022, so the company ' s interest rate history was analysed using a rate of h dividends, which was maintained at the average level of three barrels of oil and reached 14.53 per cent in 2022, with the highest rate of dividends for three barrels of oil based on the advantage of marine resource development capacity and a positive deployment of green low-carbon areas.
Based on the concept of green low-carbon development, the company actively deploys its operations in new energy sources based on its capacity to develop marine resources. The company focuses on offshore power projects and smart oilfields, promoting green low-carbon regulation, while accelerating the development of offshore wind power and promoting research on ccs/ccus and merit-based development of land-based photovoltaics.
In 2019, the company established China Sea Oil and Fluid Energy Co. Ltd., which entered the wind track. The company has extensive maritime production and management experience and has strong offshore wind power.
The company's 300 megawatt offshore wind power project in the sea near Jiangsu achieved full capacity and grid power generation in 2021. Two hundred floating wind power platforms above rice, Sea Oil Constance, completed the float assembly; and China's first direct power plant, China.
The decentralized wind power project, which provides direct power to oil field production facilities with high penetration rates, is being launched; the company's first large-scale offshore wind power demonstration project, the Hainancz7 offshore wind power demonstration project, has been approved.
During the first half of 2023, the Sea Oil Conservancy and the Wenchang Ocean Float Demonstration Application project succeeded in generating electricity, opening the way for wind power operations to be explored from the shallow to the far-reaching sea. The main production facility, Sea Oil Constance, has a capacity of 7.25 megawatts, generating an average of 22 million kilowatts per year, and is expected to decrease every year.
Figure 48: Carbon capture and storage and photovoltaic operations at our first far-reaching sea floating wind power platform, Sea Oil Conservancy.
The installation of the upper CO2 storage facility was completed at the Nping 15-1 production platform, and China’s first multi-ton ccs/ccus cluster demonstration project initiated substantive research work. In addition, new energy development and critical technology research on major technology projects were officially launched to promote the company’s new energy industry through technological innovation.
In 2022, the company’s first land-based centralized photovoltaic project, the Ganan Cooperation City “Raising Complementarity” project, was successfully launched. In the first half of 2023, the N’Ping 15-1 Field ccs project was successfully launched, with a peak year of carbon dioxide revalued at about 280,000 tons, filling China’s sea level of D2O.
Our profit projections are based on the assumption that companies, as upstream oil and gas mining companies, are highly correlated with oil prices in terms of their operating income and profit levels.
Based on supply and demand patterns and stock movements, the following assumptions are given: Brent crude oil is at an average price of $99.0 per barrel per year, and the oil price will remain at $85 per barrel, against a background of expected gradual recovery in demand and global supply constraints.
(1) Based on future plans in the company ' s annual report for 2022 and the mid-2023 performance statement report, the current oil price is $2.5 against Brent crude oil, with the counterpart realizing the price of $81.5/85.5/86.0 per barrel, respectively, and the gas price is based on iia projections for 2023-2025, respectively
(4) Assuming that there is a certain correlation between the volume of company trade operations and Brent oil prices, the company will increase the volume of trade operations when oil prices rise; assuming that the price difference between trade operations and Brent crude oil is $2 per barrel.
Upstream oil and gas mining, influenced more by crude oil prices, so we use eia projection data as a basis for estimating the performance of oil prices up and down by $10 and $20 in five different scenarios.
Based on the company ' s historical data and future planning, corporate dividends are better, so our absolute valuation using the ddm valuation is more suitable for companies with a continuous profit, with a more stable bonus, because of the high volatility of cyclical shares and therefore the distortion of cyclical stock projections.
An analysis of the sensitivity of absolute valuations, which are more sensitive than average equity capital cost ke and constant growth rates, is shown in the following table, which compares domestic and international energy companies similar to the company's business. Among domestic oil companies, China Rock.
Oil is the largest oil and gas producer in the country, and oil and gas mining operations are similar to those of companies, China is the third largest producer of crude oil and the second largest producer of natural gas, and oil and gas extraction operations are similar to those of companies. Among the large independent oil companies in the United States, the production of crude oil from pioneer oil, dimondback energy, and Western oil has continued to grow.
Among the international oil and gas giants, ExxonMobil, Chevron, and Bloomberg have consistently predicted that the 23-year average value of domestic oil pipelines is 8.83 times that of domestic oil companies, 12.92 times that of large United States oil companies, and 10.52 times that of international integrated oil and gas taps.
High-level operations, company production on a continuous basis, barrel oil costs are gradually being reduced, and a “buy-in” rating is being given to companies to maintain a high operating average of 8-9 oil prices with the same industry, as well as to companies' long-term robust performance. We have adopted absolute and relative valuation methods that combine a reasonable company's valuation from multiple angles.
The calculation of free cash flows over the next few years, the calculation of common equity capital costs for companies (ke), the assumption of tv and the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies have been integrated into many individual judgements, leading to deviations in the valuation; the high annual free cash flow calculation value, leading to risk of valuation bias;
The company ' s general equity capital cost (ke) has a very significant impact on the company ' s absolute valuation, assuming that the risk-free interest rate is 2.5 per cent and the risk premium is 7 per cent in the calculation of ke, and that there may still be a risk of underestimation or undervaluation of the parameters and low yielding to the calculation value of the company;
We assume that in the next 10 years the company tv growth rate will be 1%, that the industry in which the company is located may make a significant negative change in the next 10 years, and that the company's continued growth is either very low or negative in real terms, leading to an overvaluation of the company's valuation relative to the valuation: we have selected the same or similar overseas and domestic energy giants as the company's business, for example.
ExxonMobil, Shell, Chevron, British Petroleum, China Oil, and China's petrochemical, among other things, compare the relative valuation indicators and select the comparative profit projections of comparable companies for the next three years as a reference for the relative valuation, taking into account that future oil prices will remain high, that companies will continue to produce on a continuous increase in storage and that they will maintain the cost advantage of barrel oil.
On the basis of a 23-year 8-9 timespe valuation, companies may not be given sufficient consideration to the market and the industry as a whole to overestimate the risk of being optimistic and thus overestimated performance over the next three years. The risk of large fluctuations in oil prices: oil prices have a greater impact on petrochemicals, although we are in the middle of oil prices.
It is reasonable to assume that, in the actual course of business, there will inevitably be certain fluctuations in oil prices, which, if volatile, may lead to changes in the decision-making of PIC operations, resulting in actual product sales being higher or lower than planned, resulting in excessive deviations from business performance and forecasts.
Risks of natural disasters, such as severe weather events: Unpredictable natural disasters, such as typhoons, may have greater adverse effects and unpredictable risks on the public sector’s production operations.
Regulatory requirements for taxes. If the future regulation of national or regional laws and taxes of offshore subsidiaries is subject to adverse changes, and the company ' s actual controllers and management lack the corresponding managerial experience and capacity, this will make it more difficult to coordinate the management of the company and create business management risks, thereby adversely affecting the company ' s performance.
There is a risk of bad debts arising from the difficulty of recovering accounts receivable when there are significant adverse changes or difficulties in the business performance of individual clients. Exchange rate risk: the vast majority of global oil transactions are in United States dollars and the company’s performance is not accounted for by overseas operations.
A small percentage, but the company’s performance is usually expressed in the renminbi, which may have a negative impact on corporate performance remittances if the exchange rate between the renminbi and the United States dollar fluctuates significantly. The risk of technology catching up or being replaced is that the company’s industries are technology-intensive and will rise in the future.
In competition for R & D technological capabilities, companies will not be able to sustain a situation in which they cannot accurately grasp the evolution of technology in the industry and fail in their decision-making on the direction of technology development; or where R & D projects fail to advance successfully and to apply new technologies to product development and upgrading in a timely manner.
The risk of brain drain from key technologies: the development and management of critical skills is the main competitive advantage of companies, and there will be a lack of skills if firms do not continue to provide effective incentives in terms of remuneration, treatment and so on in the future.
The attraction of talent can lead to the loss of existing core skilled personnel, which will expose companies to the risk of leaking core technologies: after years of accumulation, firms have built up a core set of technologies that are core competitiveness and core secrets of companies.
The disclosure of relevant technology, data, drawings, confidential information in the course of a production operation, which leads to the disclosure of core technologies, will affect to some extent the ability of firms to innovate in technology development and market competitiveness, with adverse effects on their production operations and development.
The traditional energy industries in which companies are located are influenced to some extent by national policies, which may result in a risk of less than expected sales earnings/profits due to policy changes. “Carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” policies may have some constraints on companies’ long-term development if they do not.
The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, that, by reasoning their judgement and drawing conclusions, they seek independence, objectivity, impartiality and that they are not subject to any third party's approval or influence; and that the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.