China's mobile (0941.hk) telecommunications operator's shares are officially listed today.
On 4 January (last night), the company announced a plan to buy back the shares of the company using the company’s cash flow or operating funds, amounting to no more than 2,048 million Hong Kong shares.
10% of the number of shares in circulation (million shares).
At yesterday’s round-up prices, this buy-back is expected to cost nearly HK$100 billion, which is a huge amount. We believe that the large share of this buy-back is an initiative to raise the rights of former shareholders during China’s move back to a stock market.
Telecommunications, when returning to a share, raised the rate of distribution over the next three years, and we had predicted that China would move in a similar way. But considering China’s original rate of distribution and dividends, it is already very attractive, given that China’s mobile telecommunications company,
This company opted for a buy-back to improve the interests of its former shareholders. We believe that this over-expected buy-back policy has the potential to boost market sentiment and benefit the company’s stock price performance.
According to the latest monthly operating data, the company’s 5g package has reached 374 million users, with a penetration rate of 39.1%, and the 5g household penetration rate will also drive the company to move arpu up. In addition, the company’s broadbanding, political, and corporate presence is high.
We continue to watch China move as a high-quality growth in the 5-g era for Chinese operators. Good logic is gradually proving that the recently announced big buyback program is expected to boost shareholder returns.
The information contained in this report is based on reliable data from Anshin International Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. (Ashin International) and is merely an expression of opinion. Anshin International, its parent and/or affiliate or any individual cannot guarantee its accuracy or integrity.
The information, observations and assumptions contained in this report reflect the judgement of Anshin International on the date on which the report was originally issued, and can be changed without further notice. Andin International, its parent company or any of its affiliates will not cause direct or indirect or related loss to any person as a result of the use of the information contained in this report.