Gravity appliances: a steady increase in revenue for q3 and a marked improvement in the Māori rate Incident: q3 achieved RMB 52,267 million in operating income compared to +11.01 per cent; net return achieved \triangleright \triangleright
Gold appliances (000651), $6,838 million profit, +10.50 per cent profit; net profit on deductions and later return to the mother, $6,959 million net, with a rise in the speed-up ring ratio. According to industry online data, our country produced the same amount of air conditioners in July-August.
On 28th of the month, the firm completed its final commitment to fulfil its environmental shading obligation, and will:
It's helping to speed up the process of Gretchen's follow-up of the Gretchen's non-public offer of shares, and to further strengthen Gretchen's control, and it's helping the company and the Gretchen to synergize and develop new energy vehicle-related business packages.
Māori improved and cost inputs increased. q3 achieved a Māori rate of 27.44 per cent, compared to +2.55 ptt, with a gross sales margin of 20.88 per cent for q3 and a positive trend towards +1.98 pct. In terms of cost rates, the company increased its investment in marketing, management and R & D costs, q3 m.
Division sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates equal to +0.57/+0.77/+0.31/+0.08 pct, q3 company interest expenditure totalled 738 million yuan, compared to +94.61 per cent.
The total value of the gold + traded financial assets was $155,481 million, compared to +32.96 per cent at the beginning of the period; accounts receivable and other current liabilities at the end of the 22nd quarter decreased significantly from the end of the 21st year at the end of the same period, and we believe that the increase in deferred income tax assets represents a good statement on a quarterly basis, compared to the beginning of the period + 9.46 per cent.
Quality and growth potential. 2) Net cash flow from the operations of q3 is 9,914 million
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: Repeated internal and external outbreaks, tob operations less developed than anticipated prices of raw materials, increased competition in the industry, new products less developed than expected.
New wealth in 2015 and 2017. In July 2020, it joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is a researcher in the domestic electricity industry, Yoon Sung-dy, an assistant research assistant in the domestic electricity industry. Master ' s degree in regional economics, University College of London, double master ' s degree in economics, University of Covinius, Budapest, bachelor ' s degree in finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, two degrees in Spanish.
Certificates, research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yoko, member of the team. Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College of London. Joined in 2022 as a member of the Portfolio, in research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, cleaning appliances, cooking plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.