Shareholders with medium-term dividends, with a high rate of dividends highlighting the value of investment Events: 12 December 2022, 12th meeting of the Gold Electric Board and \triangleright
The Ninth Meeting of the Twelfth Supervisory Council considered the adoption of the Medium-Term Profit Distribution Plan for 2022, with 55.37 in Lochyang.
On February 28th, June 7th, December 12th,
At the beginning of the year, the cash flow will cover the day-to-day operation and long-term development of the company's accumulated dividends, which will not be less than 50% of the net profits of the year, and will be distributed twice a year between mid-year and the end of the year, we recognize.
The high red-rate commitment to the company reflects the firm’s confidence in future profits and cash flows. Profit predictions: we see Greas as an inherent advantage in manufacturing, channeling, managing, and R & D as domestic power-making poles.
The risk factors are: the impact of the epidemic on production, the failure of Tob’s business to expand, the sharp rise in the price of raw materials, increased competition in the industry, and the failure of new products to develop as expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
M.A. in Fusion & Management. Used to work in the development of commercial telecommunications equipment in the tp-link hardware research and development department. New wealth in 2015 and 2017. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2020.
In 2022, he joined the Credit Certificate, a study in the household appliances industry, covering white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yuko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.