Gravity appliances (000651) Household appliances High temperature boosts recovery and values are low at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company released three-quarter reports in 2022, with revenues of $143.34 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 6.3 per cent in the same year; net returns to mothers of $18.3 billion, an increase of 17 per cent in the same year, net returns to non-repatriated mothers of $18.57 billion, an increase of 25.8 per cent in the same year; q3 returns of $52.54 billion in the first quarter, an increase of the same year
10.5% net return to the mother, $6.84 billion, an increase of 10.5% over the same year. Qualified harvests continue to recover, with high temperatures driving the delivery. Corporate harvests have been on the recovery track for the last two years, with q3 growing faster, and we are expected to be affected by high temperatures, with air conditioning needs released.
It continues to deepen and its share on the line rises. According to the avc data, the company ' s share of the q3 market in air conditioning was the first, with the same increase of 9.22/29.97 per cent in July and August respectively, while the company ' s household appliances also increased their share, and the avc data show the same increase in sales on the January-September fan line.
12.25 per cent, with an increase of 4.4 pp over the same period, and a steady improvement in profitability. The combined Māori rate for companies increased by 1.4 pp over the reporting period by 25.5 per cent, a 0.5 pp decrease in the same period, a 0.6 pp increase in the ring and a significant increase in profitability.
The main factors are: (1) lower cost-end driving down the price of raw materials; (2) continuous company-driven channel reform, gradual flattening of the channel structure, lower cost rates and more efficient operations. In terms of cost rates, sales/management/R & D/financial costs vary from 5.6 per cent/ 2.7 per cent/3.2 per-1.1 per cent, respectively.
• Multi-area layout to foster new growth points. (1) Refrigeration component area: successful acquisition of the shield environment by companies; entry into the refrigeration component area; scale and synergy in the areas of valves and heat exchangers; company first in the global market for cut-off valves, small pressure containers, integrated system pipeline components: (2) new energy
Source area: Gittanium is an important part of the layout of the new energy industry, and its operations include new energy passenger vehicles, new energy source vehicles, lithium batteries and storage energy operations: companies insist on innovation-driven development, exploration of new energy sources of photovoltaics, active development of lithium batteries, storage of energy, technical physical cracks: (3) precision model areas:
The company owns core technologies such as high-precision processing of 001 mm-grade modeling, which covers the thick wall lenses, the new energy cores, and the project. The company, as a leading air-conditioning company, has in recent years been objectively affected by the epidemic and the ground.
Production fluctuations. Subjective changes are deepening as the company changes within and through its channels. The company is always in a state of pain.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.