(c) Events: operating income of $8,973 million in the first three quarters of 2018, i.e. +16.12 per cent;
The profit margin is stable, the harvest is steadily rising, and the profit margin changes have to be combined with the prices of finished products and raw materials: q3 yields 3,366 million yuan, i.e. +10.18 per cent, ring +6.24 per cent; returns in the first three quarters of the quarter of the year have been growing at a high rate, responding to downstream demand, and companies have made technological changes,
Measures such as low-season inventories could increase production by 10 per cent or more per year; q3-cent-year-on-year growth; and technology-for-profit (600183) Pacific Securities-E-Industries-for-Technology (600183) half-years.
A performance review: Downstream weather is a double-deep, focusing on high-season price hikes and high-frequency base material, with Māori rates higher than this year's results in the first three quarters of 2017.
pct. The decline in the q3 ring ratio is mainly due to a small increase in the price of raw materials, such as resin, due to environmental pressures, and a slight decrease in the price of the ccl product. The q3 ratio rose the same year because the price of the q3 coatings was at a relatively low point in 2017, while the price of raw materials increased at a certain rate.
8.15 per cent net non-net interest rate withheld in the first three quarters of 2018, corresponding to 1.65 pcts, of which q3 lost sales cost - 0.1 pc, management cost decreased -0.18 pc, R&D fees Downstream weathered with two booms and high frequency base
Rate decrease - 0.1 pct, financial cost increase + 0.8 pcc, overall cost increase Little change in net interest rate deductions. Financial indicators of concern for the first three quarters: changes in upstream/downstream contributions were less significant than receipts,
There has been a marked increase in construction in progress, cash outflows as a result of increased investments, non-recurrent gains and losses of $27.79 million, including government subsidies of $22.53 million, changes in fair value of trade-related capital financing and gains and losses on disposal of $13.35 million.
(b) R&D costs of $343 million, compared with +12 per cent, are slightly slower than the growth rate, and are research and development inputs in the direction of duct-free fccl, high-frequency base material, enveloped base material, high-temperature-resistant foundation material, etc.
Financial expenses of $13.889 million, compared to $5.816 million for the same period the previous year. This is due to interest charges on the transferable debt from Guangdong Revenue, as well as to increased exchange losses due to exchange rate changes in the current period.The gain/loss on fair value changes - $8.5 million, compared to $2.75 million for the same period in the previous year, is the owner-general.
Fair value change gains from the current stock equity tool for Szedongjing capital investment: $6.712 million in proceeds from asset disposal, $4.79 million in out-of-service income received from the Sioux subsidiary for the demolition of the youth home, +96 per cent in comparison, and write off a non-payment of a vendor
Balance sheet: substantial increase in construction work in progress, both upstream and downstream, less growth than revenue, replenishment of liquidity, repayment of bank loans; billions of yuan, corresponding to the rate of increase of +15 per cent;
(a) Lower-winding windfall production, with concern for boom prices and high-frequency base materials and other receivables of 2287, an increase of +56 per cent compared to the beginning of the period, and payment of customs bonds and prepaid consultancy inventories of $1.94 billion, corresponding to the growth rate of +16 per cent;
(a) Other current assets of $7.87 million, or 46.65 million less than at the beginning of the period;
(b) Cash flow statement: operating cash flow stabilized and pre-debtable financing phased into the project
Cash received for sale of goods and provision of services, $7,905 million, plus 15 per cent and taxes received by the battalion, returned $6,457 million, or +481 per cent, representing an increase in export refunds; Cash received in relation to other business activities, $7,596.6 million, or +15.6 per cent, related to property
(a) The rate of increase, which represents expenditure on the acquisition of raw materials and equipment: $929 million in cash paid to and paid to employees, which corresponds to the rate of +21 per cent and the rate of increase, and an increase in staff reserves at the South Chinatown and Shaanxi bases;
Net cash flows from operating activities of $764 million, or +176 per cent, are 0.94 per cent, an increase of 0.6 per cent in the same year, and operating cash flows continue to be positive;
The acquisition of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets to pay for cash, 8.50 per cent on a year-on-year basis and 156 per cent on a year-on-year basis, represents an increase in expenditures for the construction of new plants and the acquisition of new equipment (dependency) on projects such as South Tong, East Town (for-profit electronics), fccl, etc.:
(a) Increase in cash payments for fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets;
The trade war has been instrumental in accelerating the replacement of high-end state-owned materials, and the growth of major shareholders has highlighted the value of the company's investment over a long period of time: within 12 months, the Broad New Holdings plan will hold 20 per cent of the total stock of the company in the combined foreign trade of the Province of Broad New Holdings with its own funds through a centralized competitive bidding process, the Broad New Holdings and its co-actors, the top of which will be 20 per cent of the total stock of the company.
Shareholders. The plan highlights the confidence of major shareholders in the potential value of the company ' s investments, and we believe that, with our country ' s tax on high-end raw materials, ccl and other products from the United States upstream of pcb, national production and high-frequency ccl, etc., will accelerate the rise, and high-frequency technology projects are currently internal capital.
One of the largest, best-quality, best-certified enterprises will continue to benefit from the consumer’s search for domestic alternatives, and the 5g investment build-up. The new project is moving steadily, and the season is looking forward to a rise in the copper ceiling: the company’s Jiangsu high frequency (HF) board.
More than five times the conventional fr-4: the Shaanxi II high-conducted heat density project (approximately 400,000 pyre/month) is expected to start production in March next year; the fccl project is expected to start production in November 2018, with capacity of about 4.2 million pyre/year: the Xijiang project is progressing steadily.
Production expansion, demand for orders has grown steadily, the q3 season is coming again, some manufacturers have started planning to raise prices, and company profits are expected to improve as product prices rise. The high-precision pcb project is to be located in Okayama, and growth in the medium and long term is expected to increase.
Profit-based electronics are home-grown enterprises characterized by hd1, digital devices pcb: 2017.
In terms of technical capacity, based on the company ' s information updated in 2016, its general system panels can be up to 38 floors, 58 floors of backboards, and 28 floors of hdi, which is the leading water in the industry.
Ping, second only to deep-south, electric, Zhonda, etc., but the company's top layers are now in line with the line wide, with the company's product lines reaching around 2.5 mil, which is a first-class level and meets the requirements of the normal smartphone hdi panel.
As can be seen, technologically beneficial electronics are a medium- and low-winding industry that specializes in hdi fine-wireding circuits, focusing on high-season price hikes and high-frequency base materials, high-end suppliers of high-end products, and high-end backboards for the production of communications equipment.
In terms of capacity, there are two plants for the production of electronics, the Guangdong Wanjiang factory area is an old plant area, and in 2012 it was upgraded and now has a capacity of about 250,000 square metres/year, and the East City plant is operational in 2014.
The investment in Jiangxi could further expand the company’s capacity to match the construction needs of 5 g: the total amount of the investment plan is RMB 1.5 billion, the project’s output/investment in accordance with industry practices in the pcb sector.
Between 2-3, the estimated output may reach 3 billion yuan, taking into account the average price of the products under the new generation's communications, there will be an increase of 1.5-2 times, and the production capacity of the Mangang plant area will be transferred to the Iioka Hill Development Area, where it can be estimated that the project's additional production capacity may be up to 1 million square metres.
Based on the existing disclosures, the company has now entered into an investment contract with the local government to purchase approximately 179 acres of industrial land in the economic and technological development area of Okayama, followed by:
(b) Construction began within 180 days of the acquisition of land use rights (the main project base was opened).
(a) Completion and completion of work within 24 months of the date of commencement;
Given that the project product is highly correlated with the need for high-precision circuit boards, and 5g base stations, servers, mobile phones, and material networking equipment in the communications network, servers and other areas, this investment point is well suited to the 5g investment construction, downstream consumption-induced pcb demand.
Low-winding weather production is running out, and attention is being paid to the boom prices and high-frequency base materials, which are growing at a very high rate throughout the year, expanding production and opening up new space for new business.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.