The high-precision pcb project is intended to be located in Okayama, Ini, in the medium and long term, and to add momentum.
Project, major R & D, production of high-precision circuit boards for communication networks, servers and other fields; and announcement of the incremental plan by the Open New Group of Company Shareholders, to be produced over the next 12 months.
E-commerce is ranked 33rd in the continent-wide FDI pcb firms, and technology (600183), Pacific Securities - Electronics Industries - Technology (600183) six months.
In terms of technical capabilities, based on the company ' s update in 2016, the general system board can be used to provide the best possible information for the company.
The highest 38th floor, the backboard 58th floor, the Hdi 28th floor, which is in the lead among the IBEs, after the deep south, the power supply, the Zhonda, etc., but the company's top line is now about 2.5 m2 wide, and it's in business.
It's first-class, and it can meet the requirements of the normal smartphone hdi panel; it's a two-fold downwind, looking at the boom prices and the high frequency base, and it can be seen that the technogenic electrons are one of those who specialize in the hdi fine-tuning of circuits.
High-end suppliers of products, with high-level, multi-layered backsliding for the production of communications equipment. The technology reserve is well suited to the trend of future pcb lines being fine-tuned, and large-scale construction of communications equipment.
After a year of technological upgrading, with a capacity of about 250,000 square metres/year, the Eastern City factory area is now operational in 2014, about the price levels of the medium- and low-level hdi and below 16 floors of equipment. Investing in Jiangxi could further expand the company’s capacity and demand for 5g investment in construction:
The total amount of the investment plan is RMB 1.5 billion, with project output/investment estimated to be between 2 and 3 billion yuan in accordance with the industry practice in pcb, taking into account that the average price of products under the new generation's communications will increase by 1.5 to 2 times, and the production capacity of the Wanjiang plant will be transferred to Ii Okayama.
• Development area, from which it can be estimated that the project will have additional capacity of up to 1 million square metres (the voucher dealer's measurement value, staged, followed by a validation of feasibility disclosure).
(a) The purchase of approximately 179 acres of industrial land by the Okayama Economic Technology Development Area, followed by the following:
(b) That is to say, if projected over a period of time (45 days for obtaining a business licence, 45 days)
Construction in 90 days, 12 months) project phase 1 can be completed as soon as possible in q1 by 2020, taking into account that the project product is highly relevant to the need for communications networks, servers and other high-precision circuit boards, and 5g communications base stations, mobile phones, and material networking equipment.
The trade war has helped to accelerate the replacement of state-owned high-end base materials, and major shareholders have increased the value of long-term investments in the company: a broad new equity plan with their own funds to compete through a centralized bid over a period of 12 months.
The scheme is the first major shareholder, 20% of the total stock of the company ' s foreign trade combined with its co-operators. The plan highlights the confidence of major shareholders in the value of the company ' s potential investment, and we believe that with our country ' s tax on high-end raw materials, ccl, from the United States upstream pcb, the national product.
HFccl is one of the largest, best-quality, best-certified companies in the world, and will continue to benefit from the search of domestic alternatives and the 5g investment build-up.
Lower-scene weather is at a loss, and attention is paid to high-season price increases and high-frequency base materials Profit projections and financial indicators:
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.