Euroland Homes (603833): Good profit performance, good show, and everybody's keeping up with the strategy, the Euroland Homes.
Mother-to-child net profit is 1.18 billion yuan, compared to +21.1 per cent, and profits increase at a higher rate.
The company has an internationalized home-made production base, with the entire cabinet as its main engine, which leads to the development of the industry.
The rate of increase was 4.1 per cent, 1.3 per cent, + 12.3 per cent, +5.9 per cent, and there were pressures on household consumption as a whole during the three-month period, including house-wide customization, closets, baths, wooden doors, walls.
Paper, kitchen appliances, bedding, etc., form a diversified industry with pressure, while the sanitary baths, wooden doors, etc., which benefit from the increase in the associated rates under the marketing model, are still growing at a higher rate. In April this year, the company will have the original chef, home, and all of you in the marketing department.
The three major marketing ministries, divided by region, are “synchronous with town and planning” to move the strategy forward more efficiently. The company’s continued leadership of the industry on the ground is expected to further strengthen its competitive advantage and increase its market share. As the short-term negative effects of structural change dissipate, the company is expected to re-establish itself.
In the first three quarters of 2023, sales and major operations generated $510 million, $12.81 billion, $2.68 billion, or +9.9 per cent, respectively.
Business (direct camp + distribution) has fallen slightly under pressure from the industry, while large-scale beneficial real estate has continued to grow at a high rate this year. Retail household demand lags behind completion data, and we see that the retail side of the good industry will gradually improve, adding structural changes, and the company retail business is expected to return.
The increase in profitability is evident and is expected to be sustained. The company ' s Māori rate for the first three quarters of 2023 was 34.0%, the same as +2.0 pct, of which q3 is the same as +4.5 pct. The increase in Māori is evident and benefits mainly from raw material prices.
The price of raw materials is now generally stable, and the rate of Maori in the fourth quarter is expected to continue to rise. In terms of cost rates, the sales, management, R & D, and financial costs of the first three quarters of 2023 remain high in the short term.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies are actively moving forward in their operations, continuously optimizing their business structures, while at the same time building on industry-led business experience and dealer resources.
In the short term, the company is expected to return to higher growth rates as structural changes dissipate and the industry recovers.
A source of financial prosperity in the East, a home in Europe (603833): excellent profits, a strategy to keep moving forward, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Chang-jae Shen-Yu-Lun is in the direction of consumer light work research.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Europa (603833): excellent profits, and everyone keeps up with the strategy and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.