q3's profit performance is beautiful, waiting for future demand to warm up.
During the reporting period, there was a steady increase in the bargaining power of the Department, the price of raw materials went down at the same rate, and in-house efficiency measures in the preceding period gradually landed in the third quarter, with a marked improvement in the Māori rate. At the same time, the corporate structure was reformed and improved.
The positive effects of this process are evident in the effective control of cost rates and improved efficiency in the use of funds. Real estate sales have improved slightly, and completion data have grown rapidly.
At the same time, the completion data maintain a rapid growth rate of 50 million square metres in September, a 25.34 per cent increase in the volume of real estate and a 14.75 per cent increase in the speed circle. We believe that sales data are expected to be repaired gradually as property needs to be laid down and accumulated, while the completion data will continue to grow rapidly.
Household consumption is weaker than household consumption, waiting for future demand to recover. Household consumption has large consumer properties, and consumers have reduced consumption power and low confidence, leading to weak overall performance.
In response to the decline in consumption, the company is actively engaged in inclusive activities, launching the Phiskar cabinet of $699/m2 and accessing the newspaper pages of the People’s Daily News, where it is expected to achieve bright performance in the future and effectively increase market ownership.
Investment proposals: The company leads the home-based industry, builds a strong moat for a forward-looking, all-round layout, and since my revolution has been a driving force for organizational structural change, a strong push for strategic development, a strong growth in the long term.
Rapid growth, organizational change with a long-term perspective: financial statements and major financial ratios. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.