q3 performance forecasted higher profit expectations, indicating opportunities for configuration Events: three-quarter performance advance announcements issued by Europa homes, resulting in a net return to the mother ' s home in the single quarter of 2023 (603833)
q3 is forecasted by the company \triangleright raw material purchase price downside and the company’s centralized purchasing advantage, with a marked increase in the Māori ratio.)
During the second half of the year, the promotion policy related to real estate and household consumption has continued.
The change in the organizational structure of the year is gradually gaining ground. In terms of organizational change, the company \triangleright \triangleright
During the six-month period, in the face of a complex and volatile external business environment, work has been carried out around the strategy of community accommodation. The organizational changes of April have helped to build a marketing organizational structure that is compatible with the business model of everyone, to improve efficiency and synergy in internal operations. As of the six-month period, the reforms involved management structures, jobs, jobs, etc.
Incentives, performance appraisals, etc., have been quickly adjusted, and the positive effects of the reforms described above have gradually become operational. Marketing initiatives have continued, with companies first promoting the Phiscal Series 699 Inclusive Package in September, further expanding the client base, increasing the flow and increasing the end competitiveness.
1. Europole Homes (603833): q2 Profit Opportunities: Europe’s Leadership in Innovation for Business Models, this year \triangleright
Leigh, you've been at the top of the list of 699 packages, and you've been working on the model fast, and the industry's adjustment period has accelerated the long-term strategy. We're looking forward to a public 2nd, Euroside Homes (603833): organizational adjustment.
3 Europole Homes (603833) Repurchase Start, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Li Hong Peng, Master of Economics, seven young workers in the manufacturing industry, who worked in the light-working team of the Merchant Securities Research and Development Centre, won 4th, 2nd, 3rd in the crystal ball light-work paper industry in 2017.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.