The provision for support for higher performance, the negative-rate roundup, the impact of the epidemic on the economy, the low interest differentials, and the slowdown in the first quarter of China-China Bank's growth rate, but the build-up of the previous period's counterfeeding performance, supported a one-quarter net profit increase over 2019.
Given the persistence and uncertainty of the epidemic, we believe that there is still a need to focus on the company’s emerging weaknesses. Keep the rating up.
▪ 1 quarter growth deceleration and provision support performance improvement, with interest spreads affecting the company ' s net interest income for the first quarter increasing by 5.96 per cent over the same period, which is more significant than the 2019 card-related revenue.
In 2019 (7.87%) an increase of about 1.5 percentage points was recorded, ranging from 57.4% to 57.4%, and the Ipr reforms were advanced further, and the need for effective credit was even more acute in the event of an outbreak, increasing the downward pressure on interest-bearing assets. At the end of the debt, according to the caliber at the end of the period,
The impact of the epidemic is a contraction in corporate cash flows and personal returns.
Given the persistence and uncertainty of the epidemic, we believe that it is necessary to focus on the company’s emerging weaknesses.
Average industry, higher valuation security, and maintenance of higher ratings. Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. ' s economic downside leads to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
The rate of growth in the first quarter of the year has slowed and the rate of growth in the provision to support performance has increased by 8.65 per cent on a year-on-year basis for the first quarter of the Bank, about 5.1 percentage points down from 2019 (13.8 per cent). Of this, the net interest income of the company has increased by 5.96 per cent on a year-on-year basis, about 6.7 percentage points down from 2019 (12.7 per cent); the non-interest income has increased by 13.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The impact of the epidemic on bank card-related revenues is expected to be greater. The company continued to increase its provision in the first quarter, with credit costs rising from 14 bp to 2.22% in the first quarter of 2019, but not as high as in 2019 (+31 bp).
The size of the company expanded steadily in the first quarter, with loans increasing by 3.64 per cent from the end of 2019, slightly slower than total asset expansion (4.18 per cent, qoq). At the end of the second quarter of debt, corporate deposits rose by 5.96 per cent from the end of 2019, driving the debt-end deposit to a higher 1.1 percentage point to higher demand for effective credit at the end of 2019, increasing downward pressure on interest-bearing asset yields.
Calculators: 1 quarter end-of-the-life cost ring up to 6bp in the 4th quarter of 2019 and, with market fund interest rates and savings upscaling, we expect that the increase in end-of-the-life ratio will be largely influenced by the increase in deposit cost. 1 quarter bad rate ring up to 15bp in the 15th end-of-the-quarter focus on asset quality trends
The company ' s negative loan rate at the end of season 1 was 1.80%, up from 15bp in late 2019, and we expect the company ' s negative rate to be higher than the industry average. We believe that, as a result of the epidemic, the firm ' s shrinking cash flow, the willingness and ability to repay its loans, and the pressure on the company ' s asset quality control. According to our calculations, the company ' s negative rate of write-off in the first quarter was 1.42%, up from the first quarter of 2019.
18bp. Given the persistence and uncertainty of the epidemic, we think that we need to focus on the company’s emerging underdevelopment. The company’s 1-quarter response, affected by the impact of the epidemic on the economy, has slowed the growth rate of the Chinese Bank’s 1-quarter harvest, but the build-up of the reserve counter-feed performance in the previous period has supported a one-quarter net profit increase over 2019. The impact of the epidemic has led to increased pressure on the company’s asset quality control, which has been poor in the first quarter.
As a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development is more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development influences the performance of the real economy as well as profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Down the line, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.