The company released its mid-2018 report: operating income of $144.1 billion, an increase of 7.9 per cent in the same year; net profit of shareholders belonging to listed companies of $2.58 billion, an increase of 231.8 per cent in the same year.
Innovative business models. During the first half of 2018, companies increased their efforts to promote the Internet around light contact points, light costs, and innovative business models.
The transformation of operations resulted in a rapid growth of 2i2c operations, bringing the total number of users to about 77 million. During the reporting period, companies moved to 203 million households, increasing their market share by nearly 3 percentage points, representing 67.2 per cent of total mobile account users, and 16 pcs more than in the previous year; the mobile account-leaving user arpu was 47.9 yuan, which remained stable compared to the previous year.
During the first half of 2018, companies were led by cloud operations and invested in building integrated industrial solutions for cloudnets.
Clouds and web operations have grown rapidly, accelerating the transformation of the new integrated marketing model of the Cloud+Intelligent Network+Ingenial Application. During the reporting period, the corporate industry’s Internet operations generated revenues of RMB 11.7 billion, a 39% increase over the same period, with a 39% increase in central cloud computing revenues over the same period.
During the first half of the year, the company network capacity continued to grow, with an additional 4g base station numbering 60,000 and a total of 4g base station numbering 910,000. Faced with intense competition in the area of broadband operations, companies continued to optimize the integration of products and further upgrade network coverage and networks
Quality, emphasis on content, active distribution of hot-spot home applications such as home group networks, smart gateways, video surveillance. The number of fixed broadband users reached 78,92 million, a net increase of 2.38 million, compared to the end of last year. Video operations have more than 43% penetration among fixed network bandwidth users, an increase of 10 percentage points in the same year.
In 2018, the company will continue to expand its 5g-long industrial Internet operation to further institutional change, and research assistant: Yang Myechi will not be able to expand the new business as expected; it will not be able to change as expected.
Performance has improved significantly, and the transformation has led to milestones.
Yang Xing, Master of Arts, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 joined the People's Yang Myeon, the University of Foreign Economics and Trade Master of Economics, two years of experience as an operator, and in 2017 joined the People's Trades. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the report are based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,