The penetration rate of 4g users has continued to rise, and the fixed-line broadband operation has been changed on 19 September 2018.
• Events: company announcement of August 2018, August 2018, August, August, when companies moved to account for a million households, a net increase of 4,075 million households. In addition, a cumulative 796.18 million users of solid broadband reached intensive differential operations, and 4g user penetration continued to increase: corporate 4g in the first quarter of 2018
The number of users has grown rapidly, with an average monthly increase of 6.44 million. The increase in the number of users starting in April has declined more sharply. The net increase in the number of users in April has exceeded the April level, with a net increase of 4.075,000 households and a 4g penetration rate of 68.6 per cent, gradually approaching the industry average. In August, the number of users moving accounts reached 307 million.
This is a 15% increase in the same year. We believe that there has been a sustained positive growth in corporate users, mainly because companies continue to operate with dynamic flows, introduce differentiated product and marketing strategies, meet the demand for segmented markets, and take full advantage of Internet-based operating advantages to expand the size of 2i2c/2b2c users.
We believe that the main reason for this growth is that companies continue to optimize the integration of products, highlight content and high-speed bandwidth advantages, and continue to fill video content.
1. China Connect (600050): Mixed dividends released, joint ventures formed on a case-by-case basis, and innovative business became a point of growth
▪ Innovative business is growing faster and can grow in the future: companies are led by cloud business, based on 2, China Connect: User growth exceeds sdn/nfv. Cloudnet integration and intelligent web services are provided to government and business users.
We believe that with active cooperation with advanced Internet partners, the future of the innovation business in question is likely to grow in corporate performance.
Building blocks for sustained improvement of performance: 2018-04-23 Uplifting of the Arpu to promote sustained income-side change
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Companies are upgrading their core competition through blending and market innovation to drive sustained revenue-side improvements through 2018-03-16: sustained reduction of economic performance through precision investment and end-side subsidies
Camp costs to improve business efficiency; innovative industries to inject into the medium- and long-term development of the company.