The first half of the year saw an all-time high in performance, with the transformation strategy beginning to bear fruit. The first half of the year saw an all-time high in performance. Companies achieved significant growth in operating income in the first half of 2018, driven mainly by non-voice income growth and a significant reduction in operating costs.
Non-speak business income accumulated by $11.42 billion, an increase of 14.8 per cent over the same period. Mobile services increased significantly, with firm growth in fixed services operations. Corporate performance security grew largely from the advantages of its mobile services operations and the maturity of its fixed services operations.
In the first half of 2018, mobile service revenue grew at an average of nearly 8 percentage points, benefiting from the rapid growth of innovative business and the halt in grid-fixing operations and achieving good growth. The company’s main business is the provision of information and communications services, including mobile broadband (wcdma, lte).
Data communications services and other related value-added services. The share of income from telecommunications operations is 90.15 per cent, while that from other operations is 9.85 per cent.
With 9.7% increase in revenues from services, network-based services, and the sale of communications products, strategic cooperation is expected to optimize the layout of the company’s operations in the direction of Internetization. To transform its operations to Internetization, China was connected and involved, respectively, at the end of 2017.
In the first half of 2018, the company, in collaboration with Ali Tenseng, launched a public cloud branded "Worn" as a public cloud:
The new retail pilot shops, combined with Ali, Suning, Kyundong, Tseng, etc., build on the power of big data, enrich the store class, enhance the line-up, attract each other; and in innovative business areas such as iptv, mobile phone video content, big data, object networking, ai, and basic business areas,
The telecommunications sector deserves to be seen in the long term, and corporate consolidation has increased significantly. From a medium- to long-term perspective, the domestic telecommunications sector is an oligopoly, with the Internet and entities.
Economic integration creates huge market space, and the value of the industry is bound to manifest itself. As one of the three major telecommunications operators in the country, companies have taken the lead in the reform of mixed ownership and the transformation of industry operations through interconnection, which will result in a significant increase in corporate overall competitiveness.
Profit forecasting and rating: The growth in mobile service and netting operations of companies has been significant, as well as the increase in industry. We value the medium- and long-term investment opportunities of companies and rate their investments “advisedly”.