The mixed dividend is being released, the joint venture is being set up on a one-by-one basis, and the new business became a bright spot for growth on 16th of August, 2018.
▪ Events: The company ' s business performance improved significantly in mid-2018, when it published its mid-2018 report. In the first half of 2018, the company accumulated RMB 149.11 billion in operating income, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, the income from the main business grew faster, with an average of 4.1% in the leading industry, with a significant increase in net profits over the same period. The income from the mobile main business amounted to RMB 84.3 billion, an increase of 9.7% over the same period, with a large lead industry average of almost 8 percentage points. The cost of sales increased by only 2.4% over the same period, and the end of mobile phones.
End-of-end subsidies have fallen by 52.3%, mainly because companies operate with dynamic flows, introducing differentiated products. We believe that, as companies continue to intensify Internetization and differentiated operations, the mixed dividend will be further realized as a result of cooperation with external investors.
▪ Innovative business accelerates and can grow in the future: companies are led by cloud business, based on sdn/nfv, and provide cloud network integration and intelligent web services to political and business users. In the first half of the year, corporate cloud computing income grew by 39% over the same year, and Internet line revenue by 8% over the same year.
With active cooperation with advanced Internet partners, future related innovations are likely to become 1. China Connect: User growth exceeds growth as an important driver of corporate performance growth.
Mid-movement, high growth in innovative business becomes the cornerstone of sustained growth in performance. 2018-04-23  Effective control of costs and optimization of capital expenditure structures: good corporate capital expenditure controls, corporate freedom
2. China Connect: User Growth Added
Financial costs have fallen by 92% over the same period, and the financial situation is more robust. Optimizing the capital expenditure structure has increased the company’s ability to develop its future business and manage risks.
End-of-life schemes with low year-round performance, with three years of high performance still on track  Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies are increasing core corporate competition through mixage and market innovation
The company ' s performance improved significantly in the first half of 2018.
The income of the industry is RMB 149.11 billion, an increase of 7.9 per cent for the same year, and the income of the main business is RMB 134.4 billion, an increase of 8.3 per cent for the same year. The industry is ahead of the growth. The income of the ebitda RMB 45.8 billion, an increase of 4.8 per cent for the same year. The pre-tax income is RMB 7.7 billion, and the net profit attributable to the parent company is RMB 2.6 billion, an increase of 232 per cent for the same year.
2. The company ' s performance has improved significantly, and the mixed dividend is beginning to emerge, and as a result of the firm ' s continued deepening of its focus strategy, income from major business grew faster in the first half of the year, with an average of 4.1 per cent for the leading industry, with a significant increase in net profits over the same period.
The income from mobile main camp operations amounted to 84.3 billion yuan yuan, an increase of 9.7 per cent over the same period, representing an average of nearly 8 percentage points in large-scale leading industries. Sales costs increased by only 2.4 per cent over the same period, and mobile terminal subsidies fell by 52.3 per cent, mainly due to the flow of companies. In the first half of the year, the number of company users of 4g increased by 28.23 million, bringing the total to 203 million, with 4g having the same market share.
Four-g users account for more than 67% of mobile account users, an increase of 16 percentage points in the same year. Corporate cellular Internet traffic unit prices have fallen sharply in the same year: mobile phone traffic has continued to grow strongly, with average monthly data flows for mobile phone users growing 2.2 times more than in the same year: mobile phone income has increased by 25% in the same year, reaching RMB 53.4 billion.
The size of the industry’s Internet operations reached RMB 11.7 billion, an increase of 39%. Benefiting from innovation, rapid growth and growth, companies’ fixed network operations stopped and increased, and the income from the main fixed network operations reached RMB 49.1 billion, an increase of 5.5%.
Investor cooperation, the mixed dividend, will be further realized as performance growth. 3. Innovative business accelerates growth and can grow in the future.
In the first half of the year, corporate cloud computing income grew by 39% over the same year, and Internet-specific revenues by 8% over the same year. In the first half of the year, deep cooperation with strategic investors was advanced.
2i2c has grown rapidly, bringing the total number of users to about 77 million, leading to a rapid growth of 4g users. The company collaborates with Ali and Teng to launch a public cloud product branded “Wow Cloud” to provide differentiated products and services to users; works with cloud networking products to provide users with mixed cloud network capabilities; and works jointly with Ali to create a joint venture company that is strongly linked to it.
Government clients develop customized software applications. Actively explore the construction of new retail pilot shops, combining Ali, Suning, Kyundong, Tung, etc., building on large data capabilities, enriching the store class, enhancing the line-up to channel each other, with significant impact on business development. In innovative business areas such as iptv, mobile phone video content, big data, object networking, ai, etc.
In the area of business, cooperation with strategic investors is well advanced and effectively contributes to win-win development. We believe that, with active cooperation with advanced Internet partners, future innovations are likely to become an important driver of growth in corporate performance.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the same year, while companies accumulated a cost of 137,540 million yuan, an increase of 4.4 per cent over the same year, while the company ' s business structure continued to optimize with the rapid growth of Internet operations. The income from non-voice operations was accumulated at 1,10.42 billion yuan, an increase of 14.8 per cent over the same year, representing a further increase in the income from the main business, up from 77.5 per cent in the same period the previous year.
The company’s financial strength has been significantly enhanced by the introduction of powerful strategic investors and the deepening of synergies. The company’s capital expenditure has been well controlled, and its free cash flow has reached an all-time high of $40.8 billion. Debt ratios and fiscal spending have fallen by 92% in the same year, leading to a more robust financial position. The capital expenditure structure has been optimized to improve the company’s future business development.
In our view, China Connect is constantly upgrading the core competitiveness of companies through mixage and market innovation, promoting sustained improvements in income-side; continuously reducing operating costs and improving efficiency through precision investment and end-of-end subsidy cuts; and creating new incentives for the growth of firms in the medium and long term through innovative industries.
Competition increases risk, and the arpu value continues to fall risk. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.