Non-financial companies, non-financial companies, new construction materials in the north (000786.sz)
Short-term performance under pressure but long-term logic Investment rating: increase (maintenance) \triangleright
The net profit is $1.93 billion, down 12.85 per cent from the same year, and the net profit from the non-repatriation of $1.892 billion is down from the same year.
The “two-wing” business continues to grow, and the gypsum main industry is lagging behind in its overall performance.
The bridge was included in the company ' s consolidated statements, as well as the anchoring of Gabriele ' s high-end location, and the achievement of additional blank network coverage allowed the cost rate to stabilize and Gabriel ' s cash flow to be affected. 2025h1, the cost for the company ' s period was 13.37%, Tang Zhijun.
If there is an increase in labour costs, the decrease in financial costs is mainly attributable to a decline in interest-bearing liabilities and lower financing costs. Cash flows affected by last year’s payback of part of the receivables from former shareholders under the Gabriele equity transfer agreement during the same period last year led to an increase in cash inflows from operations during the same period last year, as a result of Gabriel’s January-February letters of credit policy.
Domestic demand is driven by a shift in consumption and building materials, with high barriers passing through the target of the cycle. Real estate is now undergoing deep adjustment, with limited risk of continuing downs; in the context of strong policy competition for low prices, new materials are being built in the north.
Leading companies in the country, based on a deep moat and a “one-wing” strategic shift, both defensive and growth-elastic, are high-quality indicators of policy benefits. In the long run, companies shift from a single pole to a consumer building platform, inverting to a two-fold premium.
Profit forecasting and rating: The company is the leader of the country’s paper-paste industry, the mosaics are deep, and the steady cash flow provided by the cast-paste industry is accelerating the transition to an integrated manufacturer and service provider of consumer building materials. In the last two years, the water-proof, paint-resistant business has started to contribute to the growth of the company’s deficit in construction materials.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.