New material in the north (000786.sz): The two-wing backlash, August 19th, 2025.
In the second half of 2025, the first half of the year saw business earnings of $13.558 billion, a decline in the same year.
In industry, the cardboard industry has more than 60% of the market, and it is actively developing the cardboard plus.
The waterproofing and coating operations have continued to grow, and the fall in the cast and bone business has cost the total operating income. The company’s top half of the industry’s young building materials have generated operating income of $8,901 million, a decrease of 8.67 per cent.
Billion dollars, an increase of 0.63 per cent over the same period; $2.163 billion in operating income from the paint construction business, an increase of 44.42 per cent over the same period. The high growth in the company ' s paint business was mainly due to the impact of Zhejiang Bridge Paints Ltd. on February 28 and the company ' s castpaste and dragon bone operations while the real estate continued to fall, but the company ' s waterproofing operations were affected.
Construction materials continue to grow in reverse. Meanwhile, the acquisition of painting for Zhejiang Bridge has been accompanied by the expansion of the company’s paint business through outreach, and the company’s “two-wing” business has continued to grow.
In the first half of the year, 38.68% of cardboards and 16.97% of water-resistant rolls, respectively, fell by 0.94% in terms of resilience and resilience to new growth. Companies, as industry leaders, have a strong risk-resilient capacity to maintain robust operations in a continuously depressed industry environment.
Through its own in-house (reverse growth in water-resistant materials, the company is currently actively building a pancreatic water-proofing plant, plans are under way to build 20,000 tons of industrial paint production bases, etc.) and outreach (acquisition of Gabrielle and Zhejiang bridge paint, etc.) routes have developed in an environment of poor industry and become long-term.
At the same time, Tanzania, Uzbekistan’s production base, Tanzania, Uzbekistan, has been actively expanding its overseas development space in the face of a very high rate of s148,051207003 in the city of the national firm.
Two-digit growth in operating income and profits was achieved in the first half of 2025, with 40 million sq.m. of Thailand in experimental production and Bosnia-Herzegovina projects moving forward. Through endogenous and outreach, it was possible to develop savings in a less favourable industry environment and to maintain the firm's “strength push”
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the new material in the North (000786.sz): The growth of two wings, the growth of resilience, the emergence of new dynamics, the growth of financial intelligence in the East.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the new material in the North (000786.sz): The growth of two wings, the growth of resilience, the emergence of new dynamics, the growth of financial intelligence in the East.
More than 16 years of research experience in Zhao, combined with a framework for research covering construction materials and new non-metal materials. The financial community has learned from the best researchers in the voucher industry. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.