Mid 2025: The cardboard business was under pressure, followed by continued expectation of both wings and overseas operations; income pressure from the cardboard industry and rapid growth in the paint industry.
Continued pressure and increased competition in the industry, with company gypsum earning a decline of 8.57 per cent in the same year, bone business revenue a decline of 10.72 per cent in the same year, water and paint operations maintaining expansionary growth of 5.99 per cent in the same year, and paints a gain of 2,163 million dollars in the same year.
In terms of internationalization, the focus was on the four major regions of South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe and the Mediterranean Sea, with a dynamic “one wing” of overseas landings, which generated $323 million, compared with 68.8 per cent in the first half of the quarter of the year.
Price competition in the water sector has had an increasing impact; the paints industry has an increase of 31.79%, as compared to the previous year. In terms of the company’s period cost rate, the company’s sales/management cost rate for the first half of 2025 was lower than the net operating cash flow for the first half of 2025.
Net flows of $962 million, a decrease of 52.86 per cent over the same period, were mainly attributed to companies last year and a tribute to Polly North (000786): 2024 reports: Impact disturbances and lower cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services in the current period than in the same period of the previous year.
Stewardship, high-quality development, with an expected net operating cash flow of $667 million in the first half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the year, in North New Wood (000786), the expression of equity incentives
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: under the strategic direction of One Wing, Global Layout, the company develops confidence and internal growth to start a new and long-term.
The delay will also contribute to a sustained and rapid increase. Given that the gypsum industry is moving below industry demand, and taking into account the company ' s new business expansion potential and the competitive edge and position of the company ' s gypsum industry, the three financial projections for the new material industry in the north are maintained.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.