Building materials in the north (000786).
The two wings have continued to grow and are showing good performance abroad. For example, the products: gypsum boards, bone bones, waterproof rolls, paint fractions of $320 million (+68.8 per cent), Tanzania, Uzbekistan production base operating income, profit margin, two-digit growth: Thailand's 40 million square metre cardboard production line has entered the pilot production phase: Project BiH
External growth is strong and orderly. third, corporate losses on bad accounts receivable have increased by $70 million over the same period, with the combined effect of a diversified marketing and business layout, with strong aggregates. Corporate adheres to the strategy of "One Wing, Global Layout"
The scale of the expansion is increasing and the nationalization landscape is constantly advancing. 1) Toppings, meeting multiple needs: expanding the new gypsum +, introducing a series of national tides that integrate a culture of peace, geography, and accelerating the development of second-growth curves such as gypsum fibreboards. 2) Topa markets, advancing the global layout: focus on South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, the ring
In the four regions of Central China and Europe, the overseas project ladders are advanced. In the lead-up to the dominant industry gypsums, the water and paint industry layouts are followed up, and the global layout has been remarkably effective. 3) Capability, increasing core competitiveness: with the “internal” growth focus, M & A drives out-growth, completes the Gabriel reorganization, and completes the paint industry.
1. New North Building Materials (000786); Continued high growth of two wings, expansion of the production performance from the North China region to the whole country; re-engineering of bridge paints to further enrich industrial paints (2025-04-29)
2. Construction of new materials in the north (000786).
New North building materials (000786), a two-wing, multi-dimensional layout, meta-pe, 11 times, 9 times, and 8 times, respectively.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.