The gypsum is still resilient, with the “two-wing” income rising in a reverse fashion on 20 August 2025: Middle Reported in 2025. 2025h1 achieved business income of 13.3558 billion.
In North, new material (000786.sz) Jaya Moe, the gypsum business is still under pressure and the income of the two wings is rising in reverse.
Six months of weak downstream demand, pressure on corporate gypsum boards and gypsum plus product sales, industry income pressure, 2025h1 cardboard/drawbone operating income of $6,677,113.7 million, respectively, are solid, and product pricing rights remain. In waterproof operations, the waterproofing industry was competitive in the first half of the year, but companies competed heavily in the waterproofing materials industry.
The water-proofing business has been well run and income has been rising in reverse, with h1 water-resistant roll revenue of $1.720 billion, equal to +063%, a decline in the Māori ratio due to the impact of the price war, and h1 water-protected rolls with a Māori rate of 16.97%, equal to 2.34 ptt. In the paint business, the company accelerated the expansion of the paint business in the first half of the year and successfully restructured the paint business.
In addition, Gabriel has set up a high-end market with more than 200, 90, more blank network coverage, 31,79 per cent Māori, and 0.51 pct, of which H1 has generated revenues of $1.825 billion.
The higher cost of sales is expected to be due to higher marketing costs, such as new M&A bridge paints and increased market competition for company marketing, lower financial costs due to lower interest-bearing liabilities and lower financing costs. 2025h1 Shareholder buybacks partially resulted in an increase in operating cash inflows during the same period last year, and in January/February this year in Inga.
International business growth has been significant, with “one wing” continuing to advance. The internationalization of companies has progressed steadily, at $324 million, or +68.78 per cent, of which Tanzania and Uzi earn overseas revenues from the 2025h1 company.
In addition, the company’s “one wing” strategy has been steadily advanced, the company has issued an investment announcement, and the subsidiary Ningbobei is planning to launch a new launch in Ningbo, Zhejiang.
The project to build 80 million m2 of paper gypsum and 20,000 m2 of light steel bone production lines will further improve the energy layout of the company ' s main gypsum production, reduce the delivery and storage costs of the target market and improve the competitiveness of the company ' s gypsum industry.
Investment proposal: The company's gypsum head is strong and, despite the current weak downstream demand, the gypsum business competes for a company evaluation report [Galactic Building Materials] _ New material in the north (000786.sz): The competition remains and with the continued layout of the “one major two-wing, global layout” strategy, the gypsum business has an advantage
Two-wing power leads to robust performance, accelerated paint expansion, further strengthening, expanding waterproofing and coating operations, rapid growth in overseas markets, “two-wing” below expected risks, and less integrated corporate operations than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.