"A+h+d" in coordination with the south-west securities research and development centre.
Event: On August 1, 2020, the company issued a notice on major asset purchases and related transactions. The company intends to privatize its subsidiary Hale electrical appliances by issuing h shares plus cash.
The company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries together held 1.290 billion shares of Hear electrical appliances at the date of the draft, or 45.7 per cent of the shares already issued in Helmet, and will not act.
When the deal is completed, Hale will become a fully-owned subsidiary of the Heir thinker and will be retired from Hong Kong. Heil will be listed and traded on the Hong Kong Union Board, and Hale will be the owner of Hale's electrical program.
The meeting, the Supervisory Board, considered, but the follow-up to the transaction still requires a full flow of regulatory bodies, both within and outside the country, and a general meeting of shareholders to promote the intelligent family strategy. After this transaction has been completed, the company, through this transaction, has streamlined the corporate structure, further optimized the allocation of resources, synergized globally, and expanded its competitive advantage.
In addition, all categories of products under the Helchian flag can be shared in terms of entrepreneurship, research, development, marketing and services. On the one hand, individual products can rely on smart family resolution programmes to generate income growth, and on the other hand, Heil Ji's experience with cloud services can be integrated into a variety of products.
When privatization is completed, the problem of intra-group linkages and intra-business competition will be resolved. Companies will improve operational efficiency, optimize decision-making processes, and reduce the responsiveness of the entire process.
On the other hand, the funds are in a single platform, and companies will benefit directly from an increase in the efficiency of the use of the funds. In the past, companies have been dealt with in cases of linked transactions and competition with their counterparts, and the efficiency of the use of the funds has improved.
1. Hale Jiist (600690): Overall growth overseas, reversible, according to company announcements, the company expects a gradual increase in the share of red, based on net profit from maternity over the next three years to become more resilient (2020-04-30)
2. Hale Jijit (600690): Logistics shows a strong net profit, with three years of net profit from motherhood remaining at a rate of 7.7 per cent. Considering the company ' s privatization of Hale appliances, the product co-opt 3. Hali Jit (600690): high income growth abroad.
Strengthening the deployment of smart family strategies, improving the efficiency of operations to reduce capital charges, and maintaining the “buy-in” rating. 1 Trade Overview: Stock Exchange + Cash Privatization of Hale Electrical Program Summary: According to a transaction plan issued by the company, the company uses the newly issued h shares as a trade-off against the Hale Electrical Scheme
If the transaction is completed, Hale will become a fully-owned subsidiary of the Hale Ji family and will be retired from Hong Kong. The Hale Ji family will be listed and traded on the Hong Kong Federation Board, and the Hale Electric Scheme shareholders will be the Heir Ji family ' s h shareholder.
As of the date of the draft, 2.82 billion shares of Hale electrical appliances had been issued, and Hale and his co-activists held 1.65 billion shares of Hale electrical appliances, directly or indirectly, representing 58.4 per cent, of which Hale and its wholly-owned subsidiaries together held 1.29 billion shares of Hale electrical appliances, accounting for 45.7 per cent of the shares issued in Hale electrical appliances, which would not be included as planned shares.
The rest of Hale's co-operators together hold 360 million shares (12.7%) of Hel's electrical appliances, which will be part of the plan and will be cancelled after the entry into force of the agreement. Approximately 41.6% of the rest of Hale's electrical appliances have been issued by other shareholders and will be held as part of the plan's share.
Shareholders in the plan of the arrangement include only those who have made the agreement as of the date of the draft.
Quantities are based on the assumption that all rights of bond holders can be exchanged before the date of registration of the plan, and taking into account the fact that at the end of 2019 Hale Electricers could not fully exercise all equity swaps by the date of registration of the plan, after the completion of the transaction the Hale Ji family had a total equity of 9.03 billion shares, the Hale Group and the Hale Group co-actors held and controlled a combined stock of 3.170 billion shares, representing the Hale think tank.
35.1% of the total stock after this transaction, with the exception of hch (hk), the planned shareholders will hold 1.91 billion shares, accounting for 21.2% of the total stock after Heil Jijit's transaction.
Indirectly holding 31.7% of the shares in Hel's electrical appliances through the fully-owned company Hale (Hong Kong). If the bond holder can exchange all the shares before the scheduled date of registration, and taking into account the impact of Hale's dividends on the volume of Heh's shares issued in late 2019, the sum of Heil's shares will be 9.44 billion shares, Hale Group and others.
The Hale Group of Concerted Actors held and controlled a total of 3.170 billion shares, accounting for 33.6 per cent of Hale ' s total equity after the transaction, with the exception of hch (hk) where plan shareholders would hold 23.2 per cent, or 24.6 per cent of Hale ' s total equity after the transaction.
Shareholdings, indirectly holding 22.7 per cent of the shares of Hale Electric (Hong Kong) through its wholly-owned subsidiary, H.E. Trade valuation: the amount of planned shares as of the date of issuance of the announcement based on the value of the above valuation, the proportion of the swaps and the amount of the cash payment, based on the " h share valuation report " issued by the professional valuation agency Bed can be used as a basis for pricing.
Approval process: The draft transaction has now been considered by the Heir Ji Ji Ji Ji Ji Ji Ji Ji Ji Ji Ji, the Supervisory Board, but the follow-up to the transaction still needs to be considered by the internal and external regulatory bodies and the mutual shareholders meeting. From an external audit, the transaction is still to be filed by the National Development and Reform Commission and the business authorities, and is still to be approved by the Chinese CSRC.
The approvals and the deliberations of the Supreme Court of Bermuda, from which it appears from internal considerations, require first and foremost the consideration of the Shareholders Assembly in the Hale Jishua and d branches categories and the approval of two thirds of the shareholders. Hong Kong, for example, requires) more than 50% of the participants present in the field; and (2) more than 75% of the shareholders present in the voting.
By: 3) no more than 10% (unconnected plan shareholders) of the opposition, 2 types of synergy: promotion of intelligent family strategy is on the ground. For many years, companies have been actively fighting abroad to acquire well-known overseas home brands such as gea, Phishpeak, and Trinity Electric.
Resource networks are global. Not only have they acquired the development experience of home brands, but, more importantly, some of the core technologies that provide the foundation for corporate technology synergy.
New networks, innovative partners on the online Hope platform, and local innovation centres form n-synchronous R & D contact points that eventually combine on-line to form an open innovation system of “10+n”, making full use of innovative resources to target user needs, and the conclusion of this deal will make it easier for companies to move forward with the location of intelligent family strategies and global resource synergies.
The focus at the operational level for the future will be on four areas: 1) integration of the full range of products to create solutions for intelligent families, which will provide users with a better experience. At the same time, it will accelerate overseas expansion of water and household electricity, such as washing machines. 2) Joint construction of shared brain camps, which will provide users with customized services throughout their life cycle. 3) Internal in-depth integration and integrity through full package integration.
Changes in the digital business systems of the industrial chain will lead to an increase in the efficiency of the entire process. (4) In overseas markets, better global resource allocation, global synergy, and higher profitability of overseas markets.
(1) In terms of efficiency, individualized customization and efficient retailing have become a trend. Companies are now implementing four major restructurings: 1) targets. After the privatization of Hale appliances, companies will implement new strategic objectives. 2) organizational restructuring. After the integration of the two platforms, companies will clean up ineffective labour and improve the efficiency of organizational management. 3) Process weights
In future development, the company will streamline its processes and improve its operational efficiency. 4) The mechanism will be restructured. The company will optimize the organization of its product processes through the transformation of the system. (2) On the experience side, the client and user experiences will be thoroughly upgraded.
The mix and asset end-to-process access, client management is accurate to each contact point and every town, allowing the client to trade more lightly. From the user experience, through the cloud, the company can provide the user with a process-to-process solution, which is now two-way and efficient, and enhances the user’s experience.
In terms of scenes, from selling products to selling programmes. From 2018, companies began to build smart family solutions, ranging from selling products to selling programmes, which bring different experiences and values to users. For example, the average transaction price is 200,000.
Figure 6: Hale think-as-usual solutions (4) Eco-based, scenario-based marketing. Currently, the company is actively pursuing experience operations, reaching out to more manufacturers, selling clothing shelves, washing products, food-related products, etc.
3 Reshaping valuation: double-performance and valuation repair The White Power Three has been on the market for most of the same market since the market. But since September 2015, the total market value of Heil Jiji's and Ge Li and America's groups has been divided.
At present, the market value of Hair Jiji is significantly lower in terms of White Power's three major players. As of July 31, 2020, in terms of the size of the collection, the Hair Ji family earned 2007.6 billion yuan in operating income in 2019, after the American group.
Revenues (US$ 27,938 million) are roughly the same as the amount of revenue generated by the Gore appliances (2005:100 million). But, in 2019, the Hair Ji family net profit was $8.21 billion, which is lower than the American group (24.21 billion) and the Gore electric appliances, for which reason Hale cost significantly more than comparable companies.
Cost rates and financial costs are 16.8 per cent, 8.2 per cent and 0.4 per cent, respectively, significantly higher than comparable companies. Because of higher cost rates, Hale's net interest rate on sales is significantly lower than that of comparable companies. In 2019, Hale's net interest rate on sales was 6.1 per cent, a difference between the comparable public-American group (9.1 per cent) and the Glycerine (12.5 per cent).
Corporate efficiency and cost systems have long been one of the disincentives to valuations. Of the three major white power sources, Helch's collection of electric appliances is roughly the same. But, due to high cost rates, there is a clear gap between the net profit and the power of the company's return, and corporate valuation as a whole has been suppressed.
After the completion of this Hale electrical privatization transaction, sales costs, management costs and financial costs will be improved, operating efficiency is expected to increase, and companies will become more profitable.
Based on the company’s past efforts to transform its digital platform, companies are not expected to reduce the cost of capital controls and improve overall efficiency in their operations. (1) Lower sales costs. In the future, companies will experience the fall of cloudy silos and digital marketing systems through wise people.
At the local level, full integration of online and offline channels has been achieved, commodity transaction processes have been shortened, intermediate links reduced, marketing costs and labour costs reduced, and efficiency has been improved overall. (2) Lower management costs have been reduced. The corporate management platform has initiated digital transformation and process optimization, further
Management efficiency is enhanced. (3) Financial costs are reduced. When consolidated, the cash on the Hair's books could be partially shared on a single platform and the funds used more efficiently.
Prior to the transaction, Hale and his co-activists held 58.4% of the total shares in Hale Electric by holding direct or indirect shares, and Hale Electric was a controlling shareholder in Hale Electric, which was included in the Hale Wise Consolidated Statement. Thus, the privatization of Hale Electric had no direct impact on Hale ' s total assets, operating income, operating costs, gross profits, Maori rates, etc.
Upon completion of the transaction, Hale's interests and gains and losses for shareholders other than the Hale Ji family will be converted to Hale's net profits for owners of parent companies and owners of parent companies, with significant increases in Hale's net profits for parent companies in late 2019 and for parent owners in 2019.
Shares were issued, and after the conclusion of the deal, Hair Jits' basic per share gains increased in 2019, and the basic share per share decreased in 2019, after deducting non-recurring gains and losses. With the release of future synergies between Hale Jishu and Hale appliances, the cost of reducing capital costs has been raised to improve efficiency of operations.
The bulletin states that there is no major investment plan or major cash expenditure in meeting the financial needs of the company for its normal operations.
In the event, the company plans to distribute its profits in cash in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, not less than 33%, 36%, 40% of the net profits realized by the company in that year, attributable to the shareholders of the listed company. Prior to that, the Heir Jijier ' s annual share of the bonus had been maintained at around 30%, with a significant increase of nearly 10%.
Subsequently, the operation, in conjunction with the intelligent family strategy, led to an increase in the efficiency of the operation throughout the country, with a significant increase in the proportion of red money allocated to it. (1) Prices of raw materials or large fluctuations: Noone has received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.