Corporate review report  Banking net profit growth assets in good quality Merchant Bank (600036.sh)
In 2018, the company achieved operating income of 24,855.5 million yuan, an increase of 12.52 per cent in comparison with the corresponding increase in the return to the mother ' s profit of 14.84 per cent.
In general, firm growth in corporate performance was achieved, and profitability was strong 2) Growth in size, structural optimization and higher pricing contributed to a sustained increase in net interest differentials benefiting from the growth in the size of interest-bearing assets, the optimization of asset-end structures and the raising of risk-pricing levels
In 2018, the net balance increased from 2.43 per cent in 2017 to 4.67 per cent. The asset-side structure suggests that the company’s interest-earning assets are still dominated by loans and advances and retail sales have had significant advantages, both in size and share.
Higher prices at the end of the product led to an increase in asset yields faster than the cost of the end of the liability. In 2018, average returns on corporate loans and advances, investment assets and peer assets, respectively, remained as high as 60.64 per cent of end-of-life deposits and only increased the average cost of deposits.
0.18 percentage points, with no reduction in end-of-liability cost advantage. 3) Net non-interest income increased by 15.95%, with 4.01% after the effect of the changeover in the new financial instrument guidelines.
80.35 per cent. In intermediate operations, bank cards and clearing operations performed well, fee income commitments and loan service commissions increased by 6.83 per cent on a year-on-year basis: trust and other fiduciary commissions decreased and 62.59 per cent, mainly because of accounting for part of the financial assets following the exchange of new financial instrument standards
Measurement is adjusted to reflect gains and losses in the current period measured at fair value, with corresponding gains shown from interest to non-interest income.4 The negative loan balance and ratio are reduced by two times, the provision coverage is improved and the asset quality is steadily improving
Point. The balance of corporate non-performing loans is double-deep, the level of coverage provided is robust and the risk loss credit capacity is further enhanced. 5) Continued increase in technological inputs and clear progress in the construction of the Financial Science and Technology Bank
One, of which 304 projects have been put on the line. The company retail business “Bank for Mergers” and “Mau for Life” have a monthly active user (mau) of 81.0467 million, an increase of 47.24 per cent from late 2017; wholesale operations have accelerated the application of financial science and technology and actively explored the ecological perspective of clients;
Advances in corporate risk management capacity: companies accelerate the development of cloud computing and distributed trading cloud platforms, and strive to access all types of data. Technology and operations have been achieved through agile development in 53 business areas.
Corporate retailing maintains industry leadership, profitability, roe long-term industry leadership; asset and liability structures continue to be optimized, demand deposit ratios are high, and cost advantages are significant;
(b) Actively promote a strategic shift towards the creation of light banks to achieve a “quality, efficiency, scale” dynamic balance;
The slowdown in economic growth has led to deterioration in the quality of assets; the transformation has been less effective than expected.