March 26th, 2019.
Annual Report Review: Basic Retail Bank Lead, which continues its excellent retail bank, in 2018 collected $24.86 billion, with 12.5% increase in yoy and a net gain of $80.6 billion and 14.8% increase in yoy, which is consistent with previously disclosed performance reports. On the income end, non-interest income drives the return on investment.
In terms of the quality of assets, the under-employment rate and the negative balance continue to be “double down”. As the leader of China's retail banks, pre-retail sales account for more than half of the total, and further support its light banks through financial technology.
Transformation. We see that the retail business of the company continues to deepen and that the current valuation is relatively reasonable, with a net annual gain of 80.6 billion to “buy-in” and an increase of 14.8 per cent for yoy: 24.8 billion in 2018, an increase of 12.5 per cent for yoy, a net gain of 80.6 billion and an increase of 14.8 per cent for yoy, in line with the performance reports previously disclosed.
Roe recorded 16.6% of the year 2018, and yoy was almost even, better than his partner. The difference rose further: at the end of the income line, non-interest income grew rapidly, yoy rose by 16.0%, and we thought that the return on investment affected by i9 had increased significantly, on the one hand, and the net revenue on fees and charges, on the other hand.
Co-optimal upscaling and interest differentials continue to improve. (4.7% interest-bearing asset yoy, net difference yoy up 14bp to 2.57%) Product mix
The negative results continue to be a “double drop”: the trend towards continued asset quality improvement in merchant banks, with a negative rate of 358 per cent of the 4q2018 company provision coverage in 2018, and the pressure on the provision will be reduced as asset quality continues to improve and there will be some counter-feasance for future profits.
Retail operations increased in proportion and liabilities continued to be replenished: retail revenues rose in 2018 compared to yoy, and corporate retail liabilities increased robustly and faster than retail assets increased retail term deposits increased from 2.4 to 11.4 per cent compared to yoy in terms of investment in financial science and technology.
Against this background, the cost income was 0.9-31.2 per cent higher than that of yoy, with the application of a leading partner whose asset quality was solid and constantly improving, offering advice on the investment with the “buy-in”.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.