The difference is higher than expected, the excellent fundamentals support the flagship premium, and the interest differentials of the merchant banks have improved significantly over the last four quarters, leading to faster growth in revenue collection, further annual rise in roe, and a leader in the industry. We believe in a sound and prudent business style, retail leaders.
The continued consolidation of the advantages of the domain and the gradual demonstration of the effectiveness of the financial science and technology investment have led to a downward windfall in the economy, an over-expected rise in interest differentials, the eugenic fundamentals that support the pole premium, improved interest differentials that have led to a rapid increase in net interest income and continuous restructuring of the middle-income business.
In 2018, net profits increased by 14.84% over the same period, by 0.2 percentage points over the previous three quarters, and are expected to be at the forefront of the stock lines. The increase in the net profits of the company was driven by a marked improvement in interest differentials, which led to an increase in net interest income of 0.86 to 10.7 percentage points over the previous three quarters, but in the middle.
Reconciling pressures persist and the pace of revenue growth (3.85 per cent, yoy) slows down. During the transition period to finance operations, the restructuring of corporate finance operations will continue, and fees are expected to continue to grow at a low level.
The four-quarter spread was a bright spot, with a single-season net difference of 2.66 per cent and a 12-bp rise in the ring, mainly in terms of asset-end gains resulting from the optimization of the loan structure. The company’s four-quarter lending slowed down seasonally, but retail lending increased to 51 per cent, especially in the case of high-yield credit card operations.
The loan balance increased by 17.1% over the same period, and the return on a single-season loan increased by 10bp to 5.23%.
The cost-rate ratio is equal to 1.48%. Bad continues down, asset quality is better than that of peers.
The value of the company’s loan/non-performing loan over 90 days is 78.9%. Overall, both asset quality and risk resilience lead the way.
Taking into account downward pressure on asset-end pricing, as well as corporate initiatives to increase asset quality in a stable and changing economic situation, using market prices as a criterion on 22 March 2019, financial regulation is over-expected.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
Improved interest differentials lead to a faster increase in net interest income, and continued adjustment of middle- and middle-income operations to keep companies up-to-date. The increase in net profits of companies is largely due to a marked improvement in interest differentials, resulting in a faster increase in net interest income than in the previous three seasons.
The increase of 0.86 percentage points to 10.7 per cent, but adjustment pressures still exist for middle- and middle-income operations, and the rate of increase in fees and fees (3.85 per cent, yoy) will continue during the transition period to finance operations, which is expected to continue at a low rate. Interest differentials are higher than expected, and deposits perform well.
The four-quarter interest differential was a bright spot, with a 2.57 per cent annual interest difference, an increase of 14 bp over the same year, an improvement over the equity average (9 bp); a single-season net interest gap of 2.66 per cent, an increase of 12 bp over the same period, a sharp sign of the difference in interest, mainly in terms of the asset-end gains resulting from the optimization of the loan structure. The seasonal slowdown in corporate lending in the four-quarters, with a 0.54 per cent decline in the size of the ring, was offset by a 3-100 increase in retail lending in the loan structure at the end of the six-month period compared to the end of the six-month period.
Between points and 51 per cent, especially high-yield credit card operations, with credit card balances increasing by 17.1 per cent over the year, faster than mortgages (11.57 per cent); 8.94 per cent /2.97 per cent over the four quarters; 74bp higher than the three quarters over the same period (+8.20 per cent, yoy); 5.05 percentage points to 65.34 per cent at the end of the season; and a solid client base.
The sales base advantage brought the cost ratio of the company's savings to 1.48 per cent in four quarters and the cost ratio of the interest-bearing liability to only 1 bp to 1.90 per cent. Poor downs continue, asset quality is better than that of peers. In terms of asset quality, the four-quarter negative loan ratio drops by 6 bp to 1.36 per cent, and the negative rate is lower among listed banks.
This year, four consecutive quarters have improved. We measure the company's annualized undergeneration rate of 0.48 per cent for the four quarters, with 78.9 per cent of loans/non-performing loans more than 90 days overdue compared to 78.9 per cent below, and a further 32 percentage points to 358 per cent increase in the coverage ratio, with sufficient provision being made.
The retail base became stronger, financial and technological inputs increased, recruitment of retail outlets pre-empted, retail services contributed more, retail line profits increased by 20.24% in 2018, and taxes increased by 20.24% in 2018.
Year-on-year information technology investment increased by 35.17%, representing an increase of 0.46 percentage points to 2.78% over 2017. Forward-looking strategic visions, light and layout, will ensure that future competitiveness in financial innovation continues to be at the forefront of the industry. Looking ahead, in 2019, we believe that recruitment resources continue to be skewed towards retailing, and that financial science and technology are used to deepen the transformation of retailing strategies, and that retail lines contribute to the company’s operations.
In view of the downward pressure on asset-end pricing and the firm’s initiative to increase its provision in a stable and changing economic situation, our net rate is 1.43-1.27 times. We believe that a robust and prudent business style, a steady consolidation of retail advantages, and financial science and technology investment should be adopted.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. At the macro level, economic development affects the operation of the real economy and the profitability of the profits, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
All right, the asset quality of the banking sector is at risk of deterioration, which affects the profitability of the banking sector. The current trade friction between Central America and the US is continuing, macroeconomic uncertainty remains to be followed closely by dynamic changes in the economy.