The four-quarter gap continues to rise: 24/03/2019, 23/03/2019, when the Merchant Bank announced its annual performance for 2018.
Hong Kong Central Settlement (represented by agent, 4th quarter of 2018 net interest difference continues to rise: statistically, 4th quarter single-season net interest differentials show a relative depth of 300 index shares
The increase was mainly due to the upturn in the rate of return on loans and an increase in the share of retail loans. Retail lending as a share of total assets continued to rise by 0.7 percentage points: 29% for public loans and 61% for retail loans, based on the structure of new loans throughout the year.
It is real estate and delivery, with an additional 25.6% and 24.8%, respectively; retail loans are mainly concentrated on mortgages and credit card loans. On the end-of-debt side, the ratio of current deposits is maintained at over 65%, mainly from retail and personal term deposits from businesses, depending on the new structure of deposits.
The proportion of individual deposits continues to rise according to ring data, and the rate of increase in fees has fallen on the same basis: structurally, the share of the higher trust and commission income in the entrusted business has fallen by 7.5 per cent over the same period, mainly due to new regulations governing capital and a decline in the demand for social financing.
As a result, there is a corresponding decrease in high-yield assets at the end of the financial investment. Other net income increased by 80 per cent over the year, largely benefiting from higher returns on investments. _aaa_Investment three-quarterly performance ratings
Retail lending has risen slightly by 2bp over the medium term: retail mortgages have increased slightly by 1bp, _aaa_New credit has increased prudent asset quality by 4bp, consumer loans have risen by 16 bp, and credit card lending has not continued to rise.
On the public sector, there has been a slight increase in the low-risk traditional lending deficit in the last three years in the long-term competitive advantage of the aaa recruitment retail business, and there is a need to continue to track trends in the negative rates in these sectors.
Science and technology inputs have continued to grow, resulting in 15.5% increase in business and management fees and 0.93 percentage points increase in cost revenue: the Group strongly supports financial science, technology and innovation, increasing infrastructure development and investment by R & D personnel.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Firms operate robustly and have increased scientific and technological inputs. Unsatisfied retail operations have fluctuated slightly, and the overall asset quality has remained stable.