During the critical period of secondary entrepreneurship, overall product, channel, institutional upgrading - 5 grains and fluids (000858) The industry continues to enjoy a high-end white wine, and the market share of 5 grains is expected to increase
1. The industry’s high profile will be maintained by the increased proactive management of the liquor industry and the consumption of public consumption by the industry; 2, high-end white wine, with an expected increase in the market share of the five grain fluids. Five grain fluids are expected to absorb the shift in demand for high-end white wine caused by inadequate supply of the huts, and we estimate that the market share of the five grain fluids is expected to rise from 2017.
(a) Grain fluids: products, channels, overall institutional upgrades, 1 and upgrades and continuous upgrading of brand values: 2, product-carrying, imported board-distributive models, improved channels for profit; and 3, continuing to accelerate the digital transformation;
Products: Upgraded high-end alcohol structure, series hit 10 billion, Oyang Woo Sword 1, big monolith controls will continue: 2, Upgraded high-end white wine product structure: 3, 5-save alcohol shock
Channels: Deep down, corporate channel control increased, distribution structure restructured and small business model restarted; 2, “Many shops in hundreds of cities and counties” project: terminality of channels; 3, “Five grain stores” on line to build new retail test fields.
(b) Institutional: the creation of a new enterprise, the full activation of the talent programme, the establishment of a system of deep-seated staff, distributors and strategic investors, which allows companies to share their interests with their employees on the one hand, and with the best distributors on the other, thus contributing to the consolidation and strengthening of channels.
2. On 1 August 2017, the company launched the 100 million talent plan to improve the system for the introduction and development of talent.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
I. High-end white wine, the expected increase in the market share of the five grain fluids, 1.1 liquor companies to strengthen their proactive management, public consumption and industry trends, with a continued high profile The last round of white wine cattle began in 2009 with a single white wine brand, the five grain fluids, and the old silt rate in Lianzhou.
Started first, leading to a gradual recovery of the white plate. At the same time, benefiting from a single increase in the price of white wine, raising the price belt, and allowing the middle-price belt, the second-line white wine represented the ocean river, and the wine wine began to benefit in 2010.
The fast price rise has led to a policy contraction in the white wine market, which at the time was already at a relatively high level, largely without taking into account the affordability of public consumption, leading the entire white wine industry to move into a longer period of internal digestion.
The demand for white wine is made up of three components: government, business, and individuals. According to the sugar and wine flash data, the share of work, government and business-related consumption by 2012 was more than 60%, dominated by demand. With the internal digestion of the industry in 2012-2016, the demand of the general public gradually took over three sectors of public consumption, resulting in the consumption of white wine.
In the context of upstream management and downstream storage, we have a better understanding of this round of the White House1 and the increased proactive management and price stabilization of the liquor industry. In your state, for example, the company, with the advice of the Development and Reform Commission, has taken a heavy toll on the pipeline and, in the current state of supply constraints, has distributed the goods to the market evenly.
In the relationship, since 2017, the advance collection of businesses has begun to become a reverse relationship with the wholesale price -- that is, down the advance, up the wholesale price. We think it's regulated by the initiative of the high-end liquor industry.
The result is controlled by the distributors. The reference channel stock, which is also more evidence of our view, is that the silver group is the conduit for the distribution of a wide range of famous wines, and the reverse relationship between the pre-receipt and pre-receipt stock, i.e., the smaller the pre-receipt, the more the stock is, the smaller it will be, but the smaller it will be after 2017, the smaller it will be, the smaller it will be.
But there was no significant increase in stock, and the stock turnover rate gradually increased.
In 2017, the average per capita income of our urban residents was 364,000 yuan, and in the last five years it was compounded.
The growth rate is 8.18%, the overall income growth is faster than inflation, and the population’s real purchasing power is still on the rise. According to Boston consultancy data, in the future, the rich and upper middle classes of China will gradually become more dominant in households with incomes above $1.25 million, which are among the most important consumers of high-end, sub-high-end white wine.
Demand is better able to sustain the current trend in alcohol consumption. 1.2 High-end white wine, with an expected increase in the market share of five grains, is about 375,000 tons in the high-end white wine market in 2012, 60 per cent of which is expected to be consumed by the general public and business.
Fees, the market capacity of the high-end white wine market in 2018 is expected to be 5650,000 tons, 80 per cent of which is expected to be consumed by large groups and businesses, including about 30 million tons of puppies, about 1.9 million tons of grain fluids, 0.75 million tons of old customers in Suzhou, and a 12.33 per cent compound increase in high-end white wine and business demand over the past six years.
The high-end white wine market grew at a compound rate of about 10 per cent per year, with a capacity of about 8.27 million tons by 2022. Against a backdrop of short-term unmitigable supply and demand discrepancies, the five-food fluids are expected to be partially uncoverable.
High-end white wine demand. Due to the combination of climate change, food supply, state of water resources, and local geography and microbiological environment in Maotai town, production expansion is not possible, and the current gap in demand will continue over time.
Ten thousand tons, 371,000 tons, and 4.09 million tons. Based on the production of puppies in 2013-2017, measured at a rate of 85% conversion, the actual production of puppies in 2018-2020 is expected to continue to grow in the next three years, and the market share of the puppies is expected to increase.
In response to the transfer of high-end white wine demand due to the inadequate supply of the huts, we estimate that the market share of the five grains increased from 30.6 per cent in 2017 to 34.5 per cent in 2020.
In 1959, the company was officially named the “Eibin Wine Factory” in Sichuan Province of China, a joint venture of eight wine brewers formed in the early 1950s. The industry has undergone several rounds of restructuring, industry concentration has continued to rise, and five grain fluids have continued to be industry leaders in 2015.
Since then, the new leadership team has been engaged in profound governance changes in corporate governance, strategy, branding, marketing and channels, overhauling management, distributors and corporate interests, collating the brand structure and resolving the problem of the collapse of the price of the five grains and fluids, leading to a significant increase in the motivation of the distributors, along with a sustained increase in product sales and corporate performance.
At the twenty-first 1218th Distributors' Congress in 2017, corporate leaders clearly stated that income grew by over 30 per cent in 2018, with a target of 40 billion yuan, of which 10 billion were broken, 10 billion were broken in the Chinese market, and 20,000 tons would be invested in the five grains brand.
“Five” planning groups have a $100 billion income, a $60 billion revenue contribution from the liquor industry, of which $40 billion is for five grains and $20 billion is for a series of wines.
On November 22, the company held a meeting of the marketing centre of the Seven Grain Camps to “energize the channel and upgrade the brand.” The core sent three signals, one and five, on a continuous basis.
Increasing brand value: 2, using products as a vehicle, importing board-distribution models, improving channel profitability: 3. Continuing to accelerate the digital transformation. 2.1.1 Upgrading General 5 and continuously upgrading brand value
The upgraded version of P5 is expected to be marketed by June 2019 and will be discontinued by June 2019, which will lead to a two-fold increase in the information that the enhanced version of P5 will soon be marketed.
The price has been raised by 10-25 per cent since 30th month;2 and the upgraded version of PP5 has been fully implemented with a clean-down, digitalized system of management, further sank in corporate channels, direct contact with consumers, and provides a solid basis for consumers of undeveloped, digital services.
2.1.2 Import control board profit models to improve channel profitability Product-based companies plan to fully import "control board profit" models. Control board gains refer mainly to price and logistics board controls, while revenue is related to distributor profits, distributor profits, end profit and profit.
A reasonable distribution of consumer perception prices and an increase in distributor and terminal profits have further increased the motivation of the various channels. In 2019, the company asked the distributors to clarify the division of areas and channels and, in the case of group purchasing operators and exclusive stores, to face consumers (including units and individuals) only on contractual terms.
2.1.3 Accelerating the digital transformation of companies will continue to accelerate the digital transformation of marketing in 2019, pushing forward the “Manufacturing in hundreds of cities” project, which will be the first to be implemented by the government.
The company focuses on building basic digital platforms, end-of-life marketing, enabling the terminal network, automating the channel operations, regularizing the channel order, standardizing channel assessment, and dataizing business decisions.
2.2 Products: Upgraded high-end alcohol structure, series hit 10 billion years with a “1+5+n” strategy, moving from a single market to a multi-priced combination with regional individualization. In 2016, the company further proposed a “1+3+5” strategy, which establishes a high-end white product structure, “5 + 5 + 5 grains”
Yes. At the Chengdu Spring Sugar Wine Conference on March 19, 2018, the company introduced a five-food system on March 22, and the “1+3” strategic product system of the five-food fluids was further established.
In 2017, the company began to recover from the White Liquor industry, reducing its planned supply by 25% and entering into a price match with the distributor from 9:1 to 1:1. By doing so, the company raised the price of the plant, making the price and the terminal more affordable.
Prices have risen, and P5 has gradually been sold at a favourable price. In the context of the continued expansion of overall high-end alcohol, there is still much room for higher-end sales of white wine, while we anticipate that the policy of controlling the volume stands because P5 determines the overall price system of the company.
2.2.2 Upgrade the high-end white wine product structure
The high-end group of products will be supported by P5 and upgraded with P5 1618 and cups to optimize the product structure with low alcohol as an important supplement. Other high-end white wines at the non-P5 level will continue to grow.
To upgrade the structure of high-end white wine products, the Chinese white wine market is dominated by low alcohol, the size of the white wine market in the main provinces of low alcohol.
2.2.35 Fashion series hit 10 billion. In the past, the company series had hundreds of brands, thousands of skus, 2018 will be combed to 40 brands.
Two to three billion-grade brands, five to one billion-grade brands. The series of wine brands can be divided into two categories: one, total distribution brands, such as five grain springs, five grainsols, six golds and so on; two, self-employed brands, such as soft and sharp, five grains, wines, and so on.
Card management, with subsidiaries operating on a stand-alone, self-accounting and self-financing basis, is expected to hit 10 billion in 2018 as a result of the company’s promotion of brands, channels, and marketing.
It is expected that there will be more than 10,000 constructions in 2018;2 market management will be transferred to a direct operator.
To become a direct operator means that companies are decentralized, managed down and sunk, and that the channels and marketing of the five food systems will gradually be refined. The creation of new sectors that operate independently and are self-sustaining.
Company: Responsible for the operation of the VFL brand; VFL Wine Company: responsible for all series of VFL brands except for the VFL caption 2.3 Channels: deep down, enhanced control of the company channel
2.3.1 Restructured distributors and restarted small-scale business models The company relied on its own master-generation development model in the White Cow market in 1995-2006.
In the second half of the year, a restructuring of the distributor structure was introduced, with a “breath-and-slow” strategy, with a re-implementation of the direct distribution model, a focus on supporting core distributors, operating and maintaining the market together with joint distributors, deep-ploughing channels and, at the same time, phasing out a small group of distributors with no marketing capacity and marketable prices.
When the industry moves out of the bottom, companies start to support small businesses. As large firms usually do not have the incentive to sink, while producers do not have sufficient control over the terminal, this can lead to large-scale market-distribution policies being constrained and companies becoming active with small local firms, both effectively and small.
As of October 2018, the total number of company distributors was about 1131, the total number of distributors in the same period was about 3550, and the distribution of the five grain fluids was concentrated in the dominant regions, with a relatively balanced distribution.
Figure 28: Reliance on big business in five grains. Figure 29: Reliance on big business in five grains. Small business model: Chutai, Guizhou.
The company's five largest distributors were less than 10 per cent of the previous year, the company's marketing policy was consistent with that of large and small distributors, and the company generally opened up new distributors and increased the volume of small distributors.
Business model: 5 grain fluids, 2 company end-of-year returns differentiated between large and small distributors, 3 industry adjustment periods, reliance on large distributors to resist pressure
5-food-distribution model. 5-food-distributors have far less than a poo station. 2.3.2 “Many shops in hundreds of cities and counties” project: pipeline terminal.
With the increased proactive management of the liquor industry and the increase in public consumption, leading to a warm-up of the high-end white market, the company proposed the construction of the “Manufactured Shops in hundreds of cities and cities, thousands of priority districts, the establishment of thousands of high-quality retail terminals, the terminalization of channels and the accurate marketing of services.
The construction works will be based on the principle of “two priorities” and will prioritize the completion of the end of the traditional five-food branding niche areas in the far north, as well as in the provincial capitals.
The construction of a high-quality terminal system is gradually proceeding from the region to the country as a whole. At present, the main counties of the East China region have completed their basic layout, with an expansion target of 10 billion, and the deep-deep county market continues to sink the firm foundation of the company’s high-end white wine and canals.
In the future, the LLP system will become one of the core channels for corporate branding, and in the next three years, the LLP core functionality is expected to be upgraded from the former "end-show publicity plus sales" to "end-sales plus presentation advocacy plus data applications".
The current corporate development strategy is based on the following:
2. Special stores will be classified according to the three attributes of red, blue and yellow, with the red product being the new product five degrees, the blue product being the exclusive product of the special store and the yellow product being the other core products of the company, and identifying the individual tasks of the distributor, with the appropriate promotion and evaluation methods;
3. The objective of uniform supply and distribution by the company will be progressively achieved with respect to the full product of the exclusive store: 4 - The exclusive customer will enter into a contract with the company for the localization of the full retail distribution channel, with corresponding workload indicators, depending on the level of the exclusive store;
5. Increase the number of shopkeepers who buy direct sales, help them specialize in the marketing power and service capabilities of shop customers, improve their profitability, and at the same time foster core consumption groups, identify consumer consultants, work with companies in public relations activities, etc.
In November 2017, it was announced that the “Five Feathers” would be online. Consumers could be listed at the “Five Feathers” and distributed by the nearby entity, the “Five Feathers”.
Created large data information management systems based on consumers, distributors, salesmen, end-doors, and integrated third-party supply chain management, information technology, retail operating experience to provide service packages.
It can be integrated and provide smart services such as face recognition, automatic trafficking, etc. The current "Five Feathers" are now in the early stages of being online, and it is expected to be a strong anchor for the company's "Standards in the Hundred Cities" project.
At the present time, most of China's major brand-new liquor companies have a deep cultural background, usually with a relatively high share of State capital and relatively rigid institutions. As the white wine industry develops, the trend towards marketization becomes more pronounced in order to keep the world clean.
The liquor industry has won the competition, and the mix is an effective way to improve its efficiency. There are now many companies in the white industry that have made the mix, and the listed companies have completed the mix-up program with the ocean river shares, old dryers, and brands.
In October 2015, the company plans to implement a staff-holding plan, and in May 2017, a programme to increase the number of employees will be approved by the CVM.
Approvals were issued in April 2018. No more than 85.67 million new units are to be issued in public, of which management ' s Stakeholder plans to subscribe to no more than 2.37 million units, or 0.61% of the staff share according to the maximum subscription limit; and the dealer ' s asset management plan is to subscribe to no more than 1.94 million shares according to the asset management plan of 1.94 million shares.
Kai Qi and Ire, respectively, propose to subscribe to 24.1 million shares, 9.25 million shares and 9.18 million shares, in line with the subscription cap, with some investors and companies sharing benefits with their employees on the one hand, and with good distributors on the other, helping to consolidate and strengthen channels.
Privately raised additional funds amounting to $1,854 million will be used entirely for information construction, marketing centres, service e-commerce platforms, to complement the current product, channel, and business changes in the five grains.
The transfer of headquarters to the central city has further sunk and refined marketing and channels, and the service-based e-business platform has been a tool for companies to explore the white wine and electricity industry model and transform their future strategies and channels. In August 2017, the company launched the “One Hundred Million Talents Project” to improve the system for the introduction and development of talent.
Talent-building will be guided by three basic principles of excellence, taxonomic advice and innovation mechanisms, and companies will develop and bring in 10 top-level talent, using the best core talent, to achieve a breakthrough in the areas of winemaking and technological innovation, marketing, finance and capital operations; and to nurture and introduce 100 innovation models.
In order to introduce and motivate internal talent, companies offer home-based incentives ranging from 82 million to 32 million yuan for incoming talent.
2.5 Business efficiency: Institutional reform, product upgrading, downgrading of channels, gradually narrowing the gap
The division will gradually narrow the gap with the Kudo in Guizhou, and the first coverage of the five-food fluids is based on the following:1 industry-driven, high-end white wine expansion, and the expected increase in the market share of the five-food fluids;
2. Five grain fluids: product, channel, overall institutional upgrading. 1) Products: Upgraded high-end alcohol structure, series of alcohol shocks 10 billion:2) channels: deep down, enhanced corporate channel control; 3) Institutions: targeted growth, full activation of the talent programme;
3. Institutional reform, product upgrading, downgrading of channels, and gradual closing of the gap between companies. Macroeconomic impact, resulting in a decline in the tone of the white and wine industry; Methodology, using legally compliant information, producing this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.