A steady growth in performance that helped to recreate the sea for five years, the seafood industry, the seafood industry (603288), the first quarter of 2018.
In the first quarter of 2018, the corporate operating income increased by 3,370 million yuan, or 26.20 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a net profit of 1,211 million yuan attributable to the owner of the parent company, an increase of 51.86 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a net profit of 1,053 million yuan attributable to shareholders of the listed company netting off non-recurring gains and losses, an increase of 32.39 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and a steady increase in the pers crop and a return to a normal level of pre-receipt payments.
Mark. There was a marked increase in income growth of 6.9 per cent compared to the fourth quarter of 17 years, with the following points: 18 spring peaks, moving back to the point of readiness: 17 years q4 battalion pick-up slows, mainly due to early completion of the full year ' s assignment, company initiatives to control the speed of delivery, and a more marked improvement in the inter-consumption of the dealer ' s inventory over time. 18q1 advance balance of 980 million, about 1.7 billion less than 17q4, 440 million more than 17q1 and a major increase of 440 million.
Due to the high level of advance payments made at the beginning of the year as a result of earlier year’s end-of-year pre-payment by distributors, the year-end pre-receipt payments will return to normal. In 2018, companies will become stronger in terms of channel penetration and brand promotion, guaranteeing a robust growth of year-round revenues as planned.
\triangleright, a record high in a single quarter, was largely the result of the optimal upgrading of the product structure, represented by high-end sauce, as well as a further increase in capacity utilization.
At the same time, in the context of rising costs such as packages, transportation, etc., companies have a relatively strong bargaining power as leaders in the spice industry, which has little impact on the public administration. The 18q1 sales cost rate was 13.2%, or 0.9% higher than in the previous year. It can be seen that companies continue to pursue a proactive cost-disbursing strategy, increasing advertising costs and raising brand publicity. The management cost rate fell by 0.37 to 3.65%, again reflecting strong corporate internal controls.
On the other hand, there is a clear upward trend in consumer consumption, and the company will increase at the higher end of \triangleright.
At the same time, companies still have future M & As intents to promote product expansion and increase the synergistic development effects of multi-products. At the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, the same time, at the same time, at the same time, there is the level, there is the intention, there is an improvement in the intention, there is still the intention, there is the intention that there is the intention to promote the expansion of the expansion of product product categories and the multi-s and the multi-s.
In addition, companies are constantly exploring new marketing models, accelerating online platforms, and growing electricity businesses well during the reporting period. In the long run, companies have maintained a pragmatic and robust business model, driven by the strategy of “autonomous science and technology enterprises” “R & D + Fine Works” , and industry leaders will continue to be stronger, with a five-year plan for the re-establishment of the Sea Sky in 2018 expected to be successful.
We have a low concentration of markets in the spice industry, and it is clear that China, as a leading company, has a combined advantage in brand power, product power, channel power, and R & D capability. Small businesses will gradually be driven out of the market in the future, and the leader will further increase market penetration.
The M.A. holds a first degree in finance from the University of Durant, England, and a second degree from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space.
Fan Jianji, China Agricultural University-University of California at Berkeley, has jointly developed a Ph.D. in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to analyze his research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.