Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco
Events: According to the first quarterly report in 2018, the company earned $4,694 million in revenue during the reporting period, an increase of 25 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from operating activities during the reporting period were 4.54 per cent.
The income growth loop for the quarterly report has improved significantly, from 10.17 pct, up from 2017q4, with the result of a mismatch from the Spring Festival “calendar effect” and the effect of a tight post-optimal performance in 2017, but overall, the company is in good sales and trends are positive at the end of the reporting period.
The growth target is likely to be overachieved, mainly as a result of the deep cultivation of the network of channels and the large monolithic seafood industry (603288), Seafood Tracking Point: Strategicly driven product structure upgrades.
Re-innovation, cost-effectiveness, target-up, re-innovation, greater scale effect, maintenance of net interest rates, expansion of the moat, seafood (603288).
The company's sales rate of 46.70 per cent during the reporting period was a one-quarter high. We believe that the structural upgrading of products is the main reason and that the share of high-end soy sauce is expected to rise further; and raw materials and materials.
The control of production costs in the seafood industry (603288), 2017, is an important guarantee for the continued increase in the Māori rate. With the scale of production and sales, the quarterly reports point to double-digit growth in performance and price increases.
A combination of factors, such as the situation, ensures that the firm’s net interest rate is maintained at a high level and that overall competitiveness continues to rise. The net interest rate on sales for companies in the four quarters of the year was 25.63%, with a slight decline in the ring comparison.
A balanced development of the channel class, a steady increase in market share, a two-digit growth in network coverage of companies in the next five years, while accelerating penetration at the county and township levels, a quarterly assessment of the seafood industry: sales are returning to high growth and performance is becoming more open.
In terms of class, soy sauce and oil consumption are at the forefront, and the share of high-end soy sauce continues to rise, in line with the consumption escalation trend and in line with the network-deep farming strategy. Channel-based balance starts a smart 2.2 million tons of spice expansion project (of which 1.5 million tons of soy sauce, 300,000 tons of soy sauce, 300,000 tons of soy sauce)
With a combination of spices of 400,000 tons, the postnatal capacity is nearly doubled, and the gradual release of new capacity over the next five years sets the tone for long-term steady growth. The seafood industry, thanks to increasing brands, channels, products, and sizes, is widening the moat.
Profitability and net interest rates continue to rise. We believe that the company's Māori ratio is accompanied by a process of product structural upgrading and expansion, and that there is scope for further upgrading, with downward trends in cost rates, net interest rates expected to take into account the stability of the company's continued growth, the premium premium on its valuation, and the type of new funding.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.