On 23 March, the company issued its annual 2017 report, which generated business revenue of $14,584 million, a year-on-year increase in revenue during the reporting period.
At the beginning of the year, the company made a price increase of 80% of the products under the flag, about 5% of the price increase, and the overall ton price increase was significant.
\triangleright, with its brand name, size, and industry pricing rights, is now in place for the entire spice industry.
The unit is in the consumption upscaling phase compared to depth of 300. Product price increases have led to an increase in the Māori rate, which in 2017 brought the company together to fine-tune cost controls to ensure a steady increase in the quality of the product while promoting the same cost for all products.
(a) The decline, which has laid the foundation for an increase in the Māori rate. With the downfall of channels and the promotion of brand names, it is expected that the company’s strengths will continue to expand.
On the product side, while taking the whole picture into account, the company maintains a large monolithic strategy, focusing on nuclear products such as fresh and steamed fish oil; on the regional level, it further pursues a self-directional strategy to increase the autonomy of the use of costs in the regions, improves the efficiency of the use of funds and stimulates the motivation of distributors. In addition, the company has a variety of popular art festivals.
Third, it is recommended that the seafood industry be the leading industry in terms of nationalization, and that branding, size, and channel advantages be evident, with a stronger brand profile and a stronger brand promotion, and that corporate channels and brand advantages be further expanded.
In firms with the highest rates, the market share is expected to continue to rise, and there will be greater control over prices, thus giving a fixed valuation premium and maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating. The cost of raw materials rises; sales below market expectations as a result of price increases; and food safety issues.
1. Seafood Industries (603027): Summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements for the three-quarter high-income sector Chen Baidu, Master of Technology in Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Allies Democratic Securities Institute, research in light industry and listed companies.
Wang Ling, head of the food and beverages industry, and master of accounting at the Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined civil securities in 2017. Liu, Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the Institute of People's Economics and Securities in 2017 for research in the food and beverage industry and listed companies.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,