Peng Hae-lan, 17 years of high performance, rising consumption with bright prospects
The net profit of the division’s shareholders was 3,531 million yuan, an increase of 24.21 per cent over the same period; the stockholders of listed companies performed well in 17 years, with steady growth in the three main products and the five major distribution areas. Sub-products, in 2017, were sold in 163.62, 23.14 and 48.48, respectively.
The Department, as the national appetizer leader, steadily increased its sales in 2017 in all regions. The increase in the cost of raw materials still shows a slight increase in the level of gross domestic product (Māori) per unit of production, highlighting the position of the industry. During the reporting period, the same rates of Māori for soy sauce, flavour sauce, aphid oil increased by 1.99 per cent, 0.68 per cent and 0.9 per cent, respectively.
According to the data, the cost of direct materials on soy sauce, soy sauce and americium in 2017 increased by 1.8 per cent, 5.48 per cent and 5.28 per cent, respectively, compared to 2016, while the price of sales of tons rose by 5.48 per cent, while the cost of direct labour of tons declined somewhat, albeit with a very slight increase.
In order to find out that the company took advantage of its position in the industry during the reporting period in a situation where the cost of raw materials had risen, it shifted the cost and achieved a slight increase in Maori. We believe that this is due to the fact that the company’s index and the evidence show that it has moved in the past year.
The main product is sold to the catering industry, which has a higher demand for consistency of taste, does not easily replace other items of brandy, and has less elastic demand for company products. On the other hand, it also allows clients to have a higher brand loyalty to company products because of the company’s constant and stable quality and good reputations.
With rising consumption, corporate channels, class advantages, and rapid growth in the next phase. As household and catering consumption rises, and health awareness increases, per capita consumption spending on spices is expected to increase steadily.
The high-end market is likely to usher in a new phase of rapid growth against a backdrop of rising consumption. Risk factors: volatile raw-material prices, food-safety risks, and less demand than expected.
It is the leading domestic appetizer and has performed well in recent years, taking into account the general trend of rising domestic consumption.