High performance, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company published its first quarterly report in 2018, which generated operating income of $4.69 billion, compared with +17 per cent, net profit of $1.2 billion, compared with +23.1 per cent, net profit of $1.150 billion, compared with +21.6 per cent, and the 18th year of operation performed well and laid the foundation for the year. 18q1 million revenue, compared with +17 per cent, ring of the year.
Quick, performance is impressive. 1 - The main reason for high growth is: 1) the impact of spring stiflings: this spring is half a month behind 17 years in mid-January, so the springs reserve effect is fully reflected in q1; 2) 17q4 revenue increases are only 6.9 per cent, and the company stops delivery earlier than the year's target is met in order to eliminate it.
By the end of the 17th year, the advance payments amounted to 26.8 per cent, and balanced development was achieved. 3 In terms of the channel, the 60 per cent of the catering channels continued to perform well, with the company achieving its target of 28 per cent year-round, performing well and laying the foundation for year-round growth.
The Māori rate continues to rise, while the cost is still higher and the profit margin is better. 1 q1 Māori rate is 46.7%, compared to +2 pp, and the ring rate is 0.1 pp higher. Further improvements in Māori rates come from two sources: 1) The Public Administration further improves production efficiency through balanced production and “sea-natural intelligence”; 2) the product structure upgrade contribution
Some Māori rates have improved. 2 With sales costs equal to +26 per cent, companies have continued to maintain a 17-year high-cost investment policy, increasing their marketing and branding, increasing sales costs by 0.9 to 13.2 per cent over the same period. Management costs have remained low, down 0.4 to 3.6 per cent over the same period, reflecting the level of efficient corporate financial management.
• Industry poles are clear, and production can release the super-accumulative expansion, keeping in view the firm’s continued high growth. Companies, as absolute champions of the taste industry, whether brand image, product quality, channel construction or fine management, are industry poles, a strong combination of advantages creates barriers that are difficult for competitors to replicate, and will remain in the future.
The company will continue to maintain a sustained and steady development as capacity is released, expanding its lead in soy sauce, soy sauce, aphid oil. At the same time, the company will continue to expand and develop new products such as wine, vinegar, composite sauce, using the platforms and superior resources of the Sea.
The expansion of the new category will lead to sustained high performance growth, with the third five-year construction of a “sea sky.” Billions of dollars, net profit to the mother, $4.25 billion, $5.84 billion and a three-year compound rate of 18.3 per cent, with a strong leader (2018-03-23)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.