• The South-West Centre for Securities Research and Development (CSSRDC) for the optimization of the product structure for performance growth by seizing the structural opportunities of the industry
The net profit not attributable to the mother was $8.08 billion, or +146.1 per cent, of which q4 earned $53.58 billion in operating income, capturing structural opportunities and driving performance upwards on a continuous basis. In 2023, commercial car sales amounted to 4,031,000 vehicles, or +22.1 per cent, of which 911,000 were sold in the heavy card sector, compared with 35.6 per cent in the same year.
Industry recovered, with annual sales of 736,000 engines of various types + 28.5 per cent, of which 306,000 were sold by heavy card engines +96. Moreover, the economic advantage of gas heavy cards, influenced by the fall in gas prices, was highlighted by the fact that the industry sold 152,000 vehicles + 307 per cent of the same year, and the gas heavy cards are expected to remain high this year.
In general, the gas engine is more profitable than the fuel engine, with the company ' s gas engine of wp13ng, wp15ng and other models, with a maximum power of 590 horsepower, matching multiple best-selling vehicles such as Zanderka, Haowo and Drone, with 65 per cent of the company ' s gas heavy-card engine, compared to 6 pp, and the gas engine is expected to benefit the company.
The company continues to optimize its product structure, large cylinders, and actively expands its overseas market for products, with a total of 0.81 million cylinders sold in 23 years, of which the motors of the m series account for 72.4% of the overseas revenue, and with the increase in product power, the company ' s large cylinders are expected to continue to take over the global market.
In terms of power, the total cost of social logistics for 23 years is $18.2 trillion, or 14.4 per cent compared to gdp, a gap still exists in developed countries. This year, the Central Finance Committee has released signs of lowering the cost of social goods flow, the efficiency of logistics transport is on the rise, and the production of horsepower will be raised in future logistics transport.
Qualitative efficiency trends have played an important role, and the company’s heavy-power matrix of products is expected to offer new opportunities. With the optimized product structure, high-profit products, such as the big tank tracks and the big horsepower, will strongly support the company’s future profit growth. Queau’s profits have improved the company’s profits.
+10.8% net profit of $2.09 billion, compared to 336.9%, is expected to improve profitability mainly as a result of inflation-free orders are gradually absorbed, and subsequent profitability continues to improve with a higher degree of certainty. The company has built up a complete intelligent logistics system through Kai-Hou and De Matek, and against the background of the progressive release of intellectual logistics needs from overseas, Kai has been able to build up a new infrastructure that will allow for a better quality of the economy.
Proud and Dematek will help the company grow up. 1. The wood engine (000338): capture of the structural mechanisms of the industry, opening up new opportunities for profit (2024-01-26).
Quake power (000338): q2 profitability ring improvement, company performance bright (2023-09-03) Witwood power (000338): q4 bright performance, surplus
In addition, under national and local policy guidelines to promote equipment upgrading, the need for card replacement is expected to be released.
The company’s engine business is highly relevant to the growth of the heavy-card industry, and in the back of the industry’s sustained recovery scenario 2: At present, the country is vigorously pursuing consumer-driven policies, accompanied by related policy measures, and it is expected that domestic logistics needs will be restored to some extent by the integrated smart logistics market of a forklift + warehouse logistics solution of Quehu + de Matek
We've chosen China's heavy steam, a gas-free and a Chinese-based vehicle as a comparable company, with an average of 22 times the size of the pe in 2024. Given the recovery of the card industry, the gas-carats are expected to remain high, and the sale of wood as engine taps is expected to continue to increase.
In addition, the sound development of the logistics industry drives the growth of corporate smart logistics operations.