Quarterly report on performance disclosure, robust asset condition cushioning the impact of the epidemic All transport production data are published for the first quarter of Shanghai Airport (60009.sh)/Transport Corporation, affected by the new crown pneumonia epidemic, Puradong Airport reporting period
A total of 7.3 million guaranteed aircraft flights, 42.50 per cent less than the previous year, and 8.774 million passengers towed, as compared to February, were observed to have returned from domestic aircraft movements in March, while international route movements continued to be low; and stock prices were in line with industry-market trends.
The same trend has been observed in passenger throughput; the increase in overall cargo throughput is evident, with international and regional cargo throughput even exceeding January in March. As the domestic epidemic improves, it is expected that domestic routes will take the lead and international cargo throughput will continue to grow.
A 10 per cent reduction in the base price for ground landing fees, free of parking fees, has cost aviation revenues of approximately $100 million.The financial quarterly report of 2020 officially disclosed operating income of $1,636 million, a decrease of 41.02 per cent compared with the previous year; and operating costs due to amortization of expenditures on the operation of the three-phase expansion projects and the impact of expenditure on the prevention and control of the epidemic.
The tax-exempt business, which had a significant contribution to net profits, was in a state of “shock”, with tax-exempt income provisionally estimated at $660 million per quarter (4.158 million at the end of the year) and net profits at only $80,577.7 million, which led to a sharp decline in the efficiency of the company's main investment enterprise and a fall in the return on investment in the first quarter.
Out-of-business income has nearly doubled, but the impact has not been significant. The fall in revenue in the quarter is largely in line with the forecast, with net cash flows from corporate operations falling from 970 million to 196 million during the same period last year, and cash flows deteriorating, but with a strong cash reserve, companies have effectively reduced the pressure on cash flows due to the epidemic.
In the first quarter of 2020, total assets fell by 2.28% on average, and net assets remained almost equal over the same period last year. As an international shipping hub, weighted flat companies were more directly affected by the epidemic in the short term, and the situation abroad was not as promising as ever, but improvements in the domestic epidemic and the gradual stabilization of Europe and the United States contributed to a decline in performance recovery and pessimistic expectations.
Solving the risk of the epidemic is the firm’s sound asset profile. This tax-exempted base of income can be achieved less than fully, but in the long run the company remains a core asset with an excellent business model, with good output delivery leading to efficiency gains in the medium term, while expecting policy shifts to Shanghai airport airspace.
Slash. Companies are profitable, well-redged and have a long-term investment value.
A share market is based on 300 indexes of depth; a three-board market is based on three indexes (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers); the Hong Kong market is based on the Morgan Stanley Index of China; and the United States share market is based on the standard 500 index or the NASDAQ composite.
The index is the baseline (except as otherwise indicated).