During the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved operating income of $1.64 billion, a 41 per cent drop in the same year, and a net return of $80 million to the mother.
A 94% drop in the same year, and a net gain of 80 million yuan, or 94% drop in the same year. Epidemic shock operations.
As a result of the epidemic, the company ' s q1 business volume has fallen significantly on a year-on-year basis, with drops of flyer/passenger throughput/mail throughput at 43/57 per cent.8 per cent. At the same time, as tax-free rental income is temporarily raised as a percentage of sales, the t3 terminal o ' s tax-free rental income of $660 million, a significant decline from 1q19 (1.01 billion), resulting in a quarterly increase in the company ' s air and non-aviation revenue.
We expect that the Division will still be carrying out the “one-week shift” of international flights until the end of May, and that duty-free sales will continue to be significantly delayed in the second quarter, i.e., a deduction from the current sales, with the monthly rent still lower than the guaranteed rent under the original contract. But, according to the first quarter of the National Brigade, other payable increases are reported, as well as straight from Shanghai, Japan.
Compared to the advance of 300 deep, we expect that if tax-exempt income returns return to normal in the fourth quarter, there will still be a risk of tax-exempt payments in Shanghai, with a flat cost profile and investment returns falling with the volume of business.
Corporate costs are more rigid, with the q1 company operating costs of $1.62 billion, an increase of 31 per cent over the same period, mainly due to depreciation at the satellite office and the entry cost that began at the end of the third quarter of last year, which is equal to the 4q19 ring. On the cost side, there is a 22 per cent increase in corporate management costs over the same period, with the management cost rate resulting from a decline in sales income +2pct; the cost of sales is zero in the current period, due to a change in the calculus of cost accounting;
The cost was equal to the same period last year. In terms of investment benefits, 1q20 fell by 61% from the same time, mainly because of the high correlation between the company ' s investment business and the airport ' s volume.
(c) Shanghai Airport (60009): performance is as expected and commercial floor rents are expected to be reduced by risk.
No, no, no, no, no. The company's financial statement data projections are aggregated. The airline is engaged in equity investment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.