In-depth study/Agriculture and Livestock Fisheries at the time of release
In 2015, only 265,000 (0.57%) of the country’s pig-breeding enterprises accounted for more than 500 per cent of the total, while the number of pig-breeding businesses with more than 50,000 registered was 261.
With a ratio of about 45%, the birth of a pig is only 4.85%, and there is plenty of room for further upgrading. The market share is expected to increase significantly as the productive capacity enters the release period.
With the gradual release of the company’s capacity to raise funds after its listing in 2014, the number of pigs born has risen rapidly over the past two years, rising from 1.358 million in 2013 to 648.9 in 2017, and the company’s future growth is expected to increase significantly.
The unit, in contrast to the 300-degree trend, insists on the “self-sustaining integration” route, and the cost of farming is lower across the industry. The company is now finished.
The total cost is about $11.5 per kilogram, while the total cost of other scale farming enterprises is more than $12 per kilogram. The cost of raw materials is the highest (53.37 per cent) of the main cost of public farming, with maize the highest (24.29 per cent).
The price of corn will remain low. The price of food will be low, and the company’s costs will be lower. % of the workforce is complete, and the stability of the workforce provides the basis for the company’s expansion. The company has now completed a total of three employee holding plans, which are based on the number of employees reported in 2016.
At the grass-roots level, pastoralists have ensured the stability of their basic staff by providing competitive wages.
In the short and medium term, the prices of pork are expected to continue to rebound with the season of pork consumption, while environmental regulations will continue to suppress the stock levels of live pigs, and this cycle is expected to continue.
In the long run, the pig-breeding industry has gradually expanded from a disorderly expansion to a larger scale, with herding shares as the backbone of the pig-breeding plate, expanding rapidly in the process and with their own advantages, with their share in the market expected to rise significantly.
23 times, 19 times and 18 times, with a strongly recommended rating.
The market for pig-breeding is fragmented. The country’s pig-breeding industry is dominated by bulk-breeding, with a low degree of scale.
The annual number of farms with 1-49 births amounted to 97.27 per cent, and by 2015 it still stood at 94.26 per cent. In 2015, the number of farms with 4.656 million people nationwide, of which only 265,000 (or 0.57 per cent) had more than 500 births, compared with 261 with 50,000 or more births.
While there has been some progress in large-scale farming compared to 2007, the concentration of production is still very low: scale is a fundamental trend in the development of the farm sector: 1) scale farming has a clear advantage over bulk farming. Standardized farming enterprises operate with high survival rates, low integration costs, high technological advantages, quality and supply of products.
The number of small and medium-sized farmers is guaranteed and the competitive advantage is the basis for the industry's own development. 2) Scaled-up farming is the basis for the industry's own development. The price of pork cyclical fluctuations are evident, and small and medium-sized farmers are eliminated from each cycle, and large-scale farming is more resistant, and the concentration of the industry increases further after each cycle. 3) Over the long term
The country’s farming industry will be increasingly constrained by factors such as land, environmental protection, financial resources, labour, etc. The size of the farming industry fits the country’s national context. Both in terms of its own development patterns and in terms of the policy orientation of the government, large-scale farming is a fundamental trend in the development of the industry.
In North America and Europe, pig farming has also evolved from the original scavenging, small-scale farming to scale, industrial farming. In the United States, there were millions of pig farms in the 1960’s, and by 2009 there were over 70,000, with fewer small pig farms and larger pig farms.
The number of farms with 5,000 or more farms in the U.S. at the end of 2009 is only 4.1% of the total, according to the U.S., but the number of pig stocks in the U.S. is 62% of the total, and the proportion of large-scale farming (out of 500 or more) is 98%. In 2014, only 42% of the country ' s large-scale farms are in the field, and the current figure is estimated at 45%.
Around the same time, under the 13th Five-Year Plan for the Production of Pigs, issued by the Ministry of Agriculture, it was clearly proposed to increase the proportion of farm-raising on a scale of 500 or more by 2020 to 52%.
The number of companies in the top five sectors (Winth, Shinwon, Jung, Eagle, Tian) is 2,338 million, or 4.85% of the total, and the largest share market is less than 3%, and the size of the firm continues to raise the space. In the first three quarters, the number of shares in herds was 5.24 million, with the city accounting for only 1.09% of the share in Winch.
There is still a big difference in the size of the column. Under the basic trend of large-scale farming, the combination of environmental regulations and other factors, it is expected that the biological pig farming industry will accelerate the clean-up process and that there will be considerable scope for companies to step up the scale.
After 25 years of growth, the company now has 84 fully-owned subsidiaries and one participating company, with the first full-scale closure of the country for research, feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, and commodity pig breeding as one.
The company, using a large-scale integrated farming model, is fully self-sufficient, establishing a system of food safety and protection and traceability, and has been able to monitor the entire chain of plant selection, raw material procurement, feed processing and pig breeding, thereby fully ensuring food safety. The company’s main business, pig farming and marketing, accounts for more than 99% of the revenue collected by the company.
The company is fully self-sustaining, with clear advantages in terms of quality assurance. Farm farming in the country consists mainly of scattered and large-scale farming, and in the form of “companys + farmers” and corporate subsistence.
The most important difference in self-support is whether the pig-breeding chain is carried out by outside farmers or by the company itself. In the process of scaling up the pig-breeding industry in our country, the two models of “companies plus farmers” and corporate self-support can better play a role in ensuring a stable supply of pig-breeding and a stable market for pig production on a large scale, but each has different advantages:
The DG+farmer model, which is relatively small and easy to expand; the corporate self-support model, which has greater advantages in terms of quality control, food security, disease prevention, and productivity.
56.06 billion yuan, representing a significant increase of 86.65 per cent in the same year, and given the decline in the climate in the pig industry in 2017 and the high base in 2016, the company ' s operating income continued to grow by 83.51 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017, and the company ' s growth gradually became apparent.
After the year's increase in market shares, the capacity to raise funds has been released, and the size of pig production rose rapidly in 2016 and 2017, especially since 2017, when, by the end of November, the number of pig productions in companies had increased by 145.61% over the same period last year.
There has been a slight decline in the number of pigs out of the country and a rapid increase in the share of companies out of the market. The number of pigs out of the country has remained stable since 2010, and has declined slightly in 2015 and 2016.
At a time of rapid growth in pork consumption, the consumption of pork is now stabilizing. The share of the company ' s raw pig market has doubled from 17 years of full-owned subsidiaries and assets have increased rapidly. The number of fully-owned subsidiaries increased from 4 in 2014 to 23 in 2016, while the number of fully-owned subsidiaries increased from 45 in 2017 (as of the end of November) to a reversal in 2016.
Companies have expanded significantly since 2016, accelerating the expansion of off-site plants, with affiliates selected mainly to combine land resources, price advantages for raw materials, human costs, etc. to select provinces and regions close to food-producing areas. Currently, the company has 84 wholly-owned subsidiaries, mainly in the 12 major food-producing provinces of China, China, North and Northeast.
In terms of the size of the company’s assets, by the end of September 2017, total assets amounted to $19 billion, net assets about $9.7 billion, and assets were negative. Financing became more diversified and easy to finance after listing, which strongly supported the rapid expansion of the company.
Since then, companies have been financing in a variety of ways. According to statistics, companies have been financing since 2014 in a variety of ways, such as targeted increases, medium-term bills, and super-short-term vouchers, and the pace of financing has increased markedly since 2016. Companies have not come forward to finance further by issuing bonds abroad, issuing priority shares, issuing medium-term instruments, and so on.
(iii) Productive biological assets are expected to increase significantly during the release period, and the company’s productive biological assets are rapidly increasing, providing basic security for subsequent pig production.
The production of animals and livestock, among others, is a direct reflection of the current company’s stock of pigs, which is the most important solid asset for the company, and the basis for its subsequent expansion. The changes in the company’s productive biological assets also show a 136% increase in the number of productive biological assets at the end of 2016, corresponding to a rapid increase in the size of the 17-year pig production;
The way in which the company is financed, it indirectly highlights the company’s current acceleration. We believe that the company’s productive capacity is currently in a period of release and that, with the gradual release of new capacity this year, the company’s future growth is expected to be high and its market share is expected to be high.
In addition, in the current context of pig prices, the cost advantages of corporate farming are significant, and support the firm’s continued rapid expansion in the current cycle of pigs. Thirdly, deep-farming pigs have excellent cost-control capabilities.
(i) The maintenance of the “self-sustaining integration” route, with excellent cost control, has led to a reduction in the number of farm farms in the country, mainly in the form of bulk farming and large-scale farming, mainly in the form of company-plus farmers and company-owned farming. After more than 20 years of development and accumulation, companies have maintained an integrated industrial chain of breeding, feed, breeding, and raising.
Inter-linkages transaction costs effectively avoid the impact of uneven demand fluctuations in the market for fodder, pig growing, etc., on company production, making the entire production process manageable and increasing the company ' s ability to resist market risks, resulting in significantly lower costs for company farming than for others.
Cod (including raw materials, depreciation, employee remuneration, medicines and vaccine costs, sales costs, administrative costs, financial costs, land rental costs) have a greater advantage than other large-scale farming enterprises. (ii) The cost of raw materials is the highest and is expected to decrease steadily.
The cost of raw materials is highest among the major costs of corporate farming, with 53.37 per cent of raw materials and the highest share of maize in raw materials, influenced by high stocks of maize, where prices have continued to fall this year. Although the country has policies such as fuel ethanol to digest stocks, maize prices are expected to remain low for the next 1-2 years.
The company’s costs are expected to drop steadily. Fourthly, the workforce is complete, and the stability of the workforce is laying the foundation for the expansion of the company, and as the capacity expands dramatically, the demand for the company’s personnel, especially those at the grass-roots level, is on the rise.
The company has now completed three employee holding schemes involving more than 5,000 employees and has reached the upper limit set by the CSRC, which, according to the number of staff reported in 2016, covers more than 40% of the staff.
The in-depth coverage of the shareholdings stimulates the leadership of the middle-level farm and contributes to overall management efficiency. The departure rate of core staff at the middle and senior levels is almost zero. (ii) Providing competitive wages to ensure stability at the grass-roots level
At the grass-roots level, the stability of basic workers is ensured by providing a competitive wage level at the market level. In the first half of the month, the company is more competitive than the rest of the local workforce.
v. In the near future, the industry will continue to enjoy the full benefits of the business climate: (i) the prices of pigs have recovered steadily, and the current levels of profit are still significant; the prices of pork have generally declined for 16 years, and the prices of pigs have gradually recovered.
The country’s pig farming industry has generally experienced the following swing cycles: one full cycle from 2000 to 2002, one from 2002 to 2006, one from 2006 to 2010, one from 2011 to 2014, and one from 2011 to 2014. The prices of pork have reached the peak of the current cycle in about 2015 and months, and the prices of pigs as a whole have been declining since July of this year.
The price of pork has gradually recovered steadily, at a level of $14/kg. Pig food continues to be high, and the level of self-sufficiency is still significant. Pig food is a ratio between the price of a pig and the price of corn, which is an important indicator of the level of profitability of a farmer in a pig-breeding industry.
The price levels have continued to decline, but they are still high relative to the cycles of 2010 and 2014, and the price of maize has continued to fall, which has kept the pig-food ratio high. It is generally believed that the pig-food ratio, which is around 6:1 per pig-breeding, can keep the pig-breeding ratio at around RM/t, and that the current pig-food ratio is 8.83, with subsistence-breeding farmers still at a significant level of profitability.
(ii) The prices of pigs are expected to continue to rebound when the season of consumption comes, and the pork goes into the season of traditional consumption, which is supported by cold weather and spring seasons. The annual winter to spring seasons of traditional consumption of pork, which will provide a strong support for the demand for pork, will gradually rise: 1) On the one hand, it will pass through the snow and snow.
Cheng, in turn, affects the local supply of pigs. 2) On the other hand, the cooling weather affects the demand for pork consumption. When temperatures fall back, demand for pork will increase, especially when temperatures decrease, and when demand for bacon is opened in the south, it will cause a significant increase in demand for pork consumption. 3) As spring comes, demand for pork will also increase.
As can also be seen from the 2010 - 2017 q3 quarterly production of pork, the seasonal differences in pork production are remarkable, with pork production significantly higher in the first and fourth quarters of each year than in the second and third quarters. Pig prices have increased significantly in the recent past, and expectations for the post-market rise are strong.
The average price of pigs was $15.02 per kilogram, and the price of pigs rebounded from the current round, rising by 5.40 per cent cumulatively over the past month, and by 3.23 per cent cumulatively over the past week, and rising prices of pork have increased significantly since late November. We believe that, as the weather turns cold and demand for pork is released, the expected increase in the prices of pork after the market is very strong, leading to a strong mood of pressure among the farmers and the takeover of the slaughterhouses.
The prices of raw pigs are expected to continue to rise in the short term, alerting them to the risk of returning prices after they pass the bar. Every year, the December to spring season is a season of pork consumption, and prices of pork are mostly rising during this period.
In December and January, prices increased by 4.49% and 0.70%, respectively. Eight years in December and seven years in January. We believe that, after entering December, cold air strikes, snowfalls in the north, rain rains in the south, and rising consumption, are expected to boost prices further.
(iii) The industry climate cycle is expected to continue, and companies will benefit fully from 400 monitoring districts during the month, with 34.921 million live pigs, with a 0.2 per cent decline in the ring and a 6.60 per cent decline in the same year;
Since 2013, there has been a steady decline in the number of pig stocks and the number of pig stocks, which have been declining continuously for more than four years since September 2013. The main reasons behind the continuing decline in the number of pig stocks and the number of pig stocks are twofold: one is the continuing decline in the price of pigs.
In the short and medium term, we believe that, with the growth of pork consumption, prices are expected to continue to rebound, and environmental protection is expected to continue.
Regulation, among other things, will continue to suppress pig stocks, and this cycle is expected to continue. The stock control capacity of herds is very strong, with average costs at lower levels within the industry, and the level of profitability remains significant in the current context of pig prices, with the company’s capacity being released, and the company’s performance is expected to grow at a high rate of 18 years.
Zhang is moving toward a larger scale, and the industry is increasing its concentration for the benefit of pig-breeding enterprises. The stockholdings of herbivores, which are the dragons of pig-breeding plates, are expanding rapidly in the process, with their own advantages.
The more traditional cycle becomes a growing company. 7.6 million pigs, 12 million pigs, 14 million pigs, 15 bucks per kilogram, 14 bucks per kilogram, 13.5 yuan per kilogram, 36 bucks per kilogram, 30 bucks per kilogram per year, 27 bucks per kilogram per kilogram.
19 times and 18 times, with highly recommended ratings: the prices of piglets have fallen sharply, outbreaks have occurred, the company’s productive capacity has been released below expectations, and food prices have risen significantly.
Chan Buru, Master of Technology and Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, researched light industry and listed companies. Wang Ling, Head of the Agriculture, Forestry and Livestock Fisheries Group, and Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Economy. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined civil securities in 2017. Liu, Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Economy, joined the Institute of Private Securities in 2017.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and results, seeking to be objective, impartial and conclusions that are not directed or influenced by any third party.