In the evening of 28 October, the company issued a tri-quarter report for 2017, which generated operating income of $945 million in the first three quarters.
This represents an increase of 69.40 per cent and a net profit of $230 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 40.01 per cent over the same period; three quarters of this increase in the price of lead and zinc, a significant increase in the company ' s performance, a 121.15 per cent increase in the company ' s business year and a corresponding increase in the net profit attributed to shareholders in listed companies.
66.40% performance growth is largely in line with wind’s convergence expectations. The company’s high operating income and profits are mainly attributable to higher lead zinc prices, which have been rising since 2007 and which continue to be high, while the company’s performance will continue to benefit from higher lead prices in 2010 for medium- and long-term zinc.
Compared to the trend of 300 deep, the release cycle of zinc mines is long, the release of additional capacity in 2017-2018 is still not fully sufficient to meet the global demand for zinc concentrates, the supply and demand of zinc concentrates remain tight and zinc prices will continue to be high.
The big rig works are scheduled to go into production next year, with a doubling of lead and zinc selection capacity \triangleright the dragon mine is lead and silver ore disposal in 2016 is 600,000 tons, and the price of lead and zinc will drive the company.
Performance has increased. The mine is in the process of construction of a large vertical well, which is now complete in some cases and is expected to be fully operational by October 2018, with official delivery expected to double the annual ore disposal volume of the Yulong mine, which is expected to reach approximately 1.3 million tons/year, while the prospect of future growth in metals such as copper and tin will lead to growth in corporate performance.
East An Gold Mine is operational. Future performance is achievable. One of the companies that the company is about to issue shares to purchase assets started production at the end of September. The mine is open-air and will be transferred to underground mining next year, with lower mining costs and lower mining costs; a combined recovery rate of 90 per cent can be achieved.
Silver basically offsets the cost of mining and the gold portion is profitable. In 2018, the main mining species for the Ore were gold and silver, with a reserves of 2,7663 million tons of ore and 24,304 kg of gold and metal, with an average grade of 8.79 g/t; and silver metal 208,471 kg, with an average grade of 75.4 g/t.
One of the few high-quality gold mines in the country.
2. Silver-Thai Resources (000975), Inc.
3. The advantages of lead zinc resources, the re-emerging of gold ore assets, refer to comparable companies in the field of lead or zinc (white and silver colour, industrial mining, Sunda mining, western mining) 217 square 4.
Keeping high, resource-friendly companies on the market, lead and zinc prices fell and gold ore assets failed.
Heroin, Master of Applied Finance, University of Management, Singapore, Bachelor of Arts in Material Formation and Control of Engineering, Chinese University of Technology, formerly employed in a large steel group, with civil security in 2015, conducted research in the non-ferrous metals and new materials industry, conducted in-depth research on aluminium, copper, tungsten, gold, lithium, etc., and successfully explored a number of sub-divisions The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,