The cost of circular express (600233.sz) continues to improve, and the delivery business has steadily increased.
15.7 per cent, net profit to the mother of 863 million yuan, a 7.6 per cent increase, net profit after deduction of 829 million yuan, a steady increase in the volume of Express operations and a decline in the income of single tickets: the company achieved 3,803 million pieces of business in the first half of the year, a billion yuan increase of 20.8 pct in the same year; the freight-forwarding industry collected 1,317 million yuan, a decrease of 13.6 pct in the same year.
For the first half of the year, the cost of a single ticket was $2.81, a decrease of 11.56 per cent. The breakdown is $1.3, a decrease of 6.6 per cent, and 0.74 per cent, a decrease in transport costs.
12.5%; network transit cost of 0.34 yuan, 31.5% less compared to the same time; central operating cost of 0.39, 11.3% less compared to the same time; and face-to-face cost of 0.04 dollars. Overall, competition in the express delivery sector is still strong, and public revenue on single tickets has declined, but it has benefited from the effective implementation of the company’s cost-control measures.
The cost of a single ticket has improved significantly, with a single ticket of $0.038, a slight decrease of $0.01 for the same year, and an increase of $ 0.36 pct. The company has reduced the management rate by 0.1 pc to 3.95% from the same time by adjusting the structure, volume, level of automation, etc.
Increased investment in R & D, increased market access for sales personnel, and debtable interest expenditures Continued investment in core resources to enhance integrated competitiveness: sustained investment by companies in the first half of the year and improvement of core resources such as transit centres, automation equipment, and energy systems.
This represents a significant increase in the efficiency and stability of network-wide transit operations by 21 more units than at the end of 18 years. Transport links: increased ratio of bilateral transport vehicles and more efficient use of transport vehicles.
In addition, performance projections: the express delivery sector continues to grow at a high rate owing to the outbreak of demand for three or four lines of urban and rural network acquisition. Companies have been pushing hard in recent years to build down efficiency and core competitiveness.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.