24h1 continues to record losses, and it is hoped that the year will turn into a gain and gain for China's national airline: operational data show that passenger traffic is 2024h1, domestic, international and regional passengers.
In the same period in 2019, Rho Gangnam was 103.61 per cent; net return profit was achieved - $2782 million - net profit from non-repatriation - Ningqi
2024h1, with the recovery of demand in the industry, the company’s earnings have risen further from year to year, at a revenue level of 121.75% for the same period in 2019. At the income end, 2024h1, the company realized operating income □ Ningxiuqi_yj@chinastock.com.cn
In an effort to revive the boost, the company's share as a leader in the fleet was significantly superior, and the same revenue ratio grew further, continuing to rise over the same period in 2019. 2024h1, the growth in the volume of corporate business combined with the rise in oil prices, and the cost of corporate operations increased on a par with the same time.
We believe that the next half of the year will be accompanied by a further optimization of the company’s daily aircraft utilization rate, with lower R & D costs ($200 million) and financial costs ($3,443 million).
The impact of price fluctuations, with the company ' s exchange gains and losses of $360 million in the first half of the year, recorded a net loss on exchange. On 30 January, the group operated 915 aircraft. Of this total, 2024h1 companies introduced 16 aircraft, predominantly out of the 700, and withdrew from the a330-200, a320 and b737 series, with a further new model.
In the old year, the fleet structure was continuously optimized, and the investment proposal: the actual performance of the company and its previous commitment to producing the present report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, clearly and accurately reflects its research views. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
There is a long-term focus on transport research, with a solid foundation for research and industry. This report is provided to its customers by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.