China National Airlines is our national flag airline, mainly in international, international aviation.
Regular and irregular domestic air passenger, cargo, mail, and baggage transportation billions of dollars, down from $4,938 million in losses incurred during the same period last year.
The net loss on deductions to the parent is $1.713 billion and $1.727 billion, respectively, for operations; aircraft maintenance; inter-air agents; ground services and air couriers related to main battalion operations;
Tax exemptions; retail sales on board; aviation contingency insurance of billions of yuan, an increase of 31.85 per cent over the same period, passenger transport capacity, an increase of 33.38 per cent over the same year, and passenger occupancy rates, an increase in the same rate of increase Insurance sales agents: import and export operations.
Dollars. As can be seen, both domestic and international routes show an increase in prices, with international shipping lines experiencing a significant increase in transport capacity, resulting in a larger decline in passenger-kilometre revenues. Ask scavenging oil costs $0.293, a 5.3 per cent decrease in the same amount, but unit fuel costs are $0.158, the same amount.
8.79 hours, resulting in a decrease of 18.0 per cent in the depreciation cost of the company unit ask; higher than domestic shipping rates for the company unit ask landing and landing costs; and a slightly lower level of profit for the company than expected owing to the increase in the cost of oil and the decline in revenue from passenger kilometres.
In the second half of the year, the pressure on the supply side has to continue to subside: in the first half of the year, the company’s aircraft brought in 16 aircraft, dropped out 6 and increased by only 10.
With 48 planned to be introduced throughout the year, 14 to be withdrawn, and 34 to be added, this year’s company’s net increase in aircraft was mainly in the second half of the year. As a result of weaker aviation demand and the build-up of the fleet as a result of lower economic growth, the public administration still has overstretched pressure on the supply side in the short term, and needs to continue digesting in line with the resumption of international flights.
China has the highest number of international routes, with greater profitability in the recovery of the industry, and we maintain the “Push China Air” (601111.sh): the drop in prices has led to a low-season performance, waiting for better demand, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of the financial boom in the East, China State Air (60111.sh): The drop in prices has led to low-season performance, waiting for better demand, the source of the financial boom in the East.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, eight years of investment research experience, 2015-2018, who worked in the Open Securities Development Researcher’s own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, China National Air (60111.sh): The downturn in prices has led to low-season performance, waiting for demand to improve.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.