In mid-2024, China Air (601111.sh) reported an assessment of the low-season earnings and continued improvement in operations Incident: China Air issued its mid-term report for 2024. In the first half of 2024, the company realized operating income.
In the second quarter, corporate revenue grew and losses increased. 24q2 companies achieved business income of $39.5 billion, compared to +14.2 per cent in the same period in 2019, compared to +20.4 per cent in the same period; the corresponding net return was +108 million, and the Māori rate was still relatively high, with a significant decrease in the financial cost rate.
The passenger rate has recovered significantly, and the international regional traffic has recovered to 80% in the same period in 2019. \triangleright shows that 24q2 companies ask, rpk and the ratio have reached 13.1%, +26.9%, respectively.
79.0%, compared to +8.55pt, a difference of 1.97pc from 2019, with a marked narrowing of the gap in the number of seats. By region, 24q2 companies have a national line, international + regional line ask, with 5.1% respectively, and a more balanced distribution of internal and external transport, with a sharp increase in the number of seats compared to last year, compared to 2019.
In the same period, there was a certain gap, but the gap was much narrower. Less season fares were reduced, unit gains were reduced, unit costs were slightly higher.
The profits were significantly reduced, and the future profit repair bombs were over 33 per cent, mainly because oil prices were still high and the average cost of aviation kerosene in 24q2 increased by 8.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In terms of fleet introduction and utilization, there is no loss in the FSA, and the future performance elasticity period is expected to be as high as 915 by the end of the first half of 2024, with an average age of 9.64.
This included 746 narrow-body machines, 138 broad-body machines, 27 feeders and 4 official aircraft, and this time it was reported that the company was planning a net increase of 34, 34, 64 flyers in 2024-2026.
A net increase of 12 aircraft was recorded in January-July. 24h1 aircraft utilized 8.79 cindasecuritiesco.ltd Kim Dynasty A127 West Avenue in Beijing City West Side.
Good, look at the company's future profits improving and adjust its rating to “growth.” Risk factors: demand for travel is not as high as expected, international routes are not returning as expected, and oil prices are rising significantly.
In the major areas of transport, transportation, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, the new wealth-earning components of 2021 and 2022 have not been, have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.