Autonomously controlled plc, robotics, industrial software, new advances in national production.
On September 20, 20, 20, 20, 2024, Bo-Sin released a series of fully owned plc3 and t4 products, from operating systems to running software to programming environments, with more than t4 performances several times ahead of the German mainstream major plc. According to the recent official Chinese Wet News News, China's Bo-Wu has re-emphasized the treasure.
The letter seeks to strengthen key core technology clearances, replace imports with “strangular” products, plan for autonomous innovation in such priority areas as large-scale plc research and development, industrial robotics and smartai, and encourage full participation in the plc national production extension, further expand product application and improve the capacity of the steel industry to replace the process.
• Accelerating the global layout of robotics, making a breakthrough in high load high performance-driven systems. On November 5, 2024, the 7th China International Import Expo (ciie) of the Bointo Turing Robots was launched, and the "Amblitic Smart Two-Arbs" developed by the Turing Robotics became one of the bright spots.
From the integration of robotic systems to the autonomous R & D of the robotic body, the more than 40 years of robotic research and development experience of the Italian subsidiary r. r.robotica, founded in 1978 in Turing, in collaboration with the Turing Research and Development Center, has been promoting joint R & D, accelerating the nationalization of (extra)reloaded industrial robots, driving them high loads of energy.
• Cooperation agreement with the East Sea blue sails for the creation of alternative poles for the petrochemical industry.
The BP software recently signed a cooperation agreement with Ningbodong Sea Blue sails Technology Ltd. (CICI), which marks the official entry of the BP software product into the Central petrochemical core application.
The UFOI Internet platform and related components include ihyperdb real-time databases, etc.
In 2024, the East Sea blue sails were selected using the Treasure Letter project.
Performance multiple times ahead - company information update report ihyperdb real-time database product, currently online and system operating steady.
It's bright, and the O2 Māori ratio is up a lot.