Treasure software (600845.sh) 3-quarter performance pressure, idc and plc business progressable
In the first three quarters of the year, the company earned 9,757 million yuan (+10.64 per cent), the net profit of the mother, 1,930 million yuan (+3.16 per cent), and the net profit of the non-mother, 1.885 billion yuan (+4.70 per cent).
In September of 24, the company successfully released the core components of the autonomous industrial control system - the fully owned and controlled plc3 and t4 series of products. The Skywalk plc products ranged from operating systems to operating software, to programming environments.
It has a high degree of reliability, stability and flexibility, and is widely applied to the self-motivation of industries. It is an important breakthrough in the area of industrial control, where companies are investing continuously in the plc sector, where there are currently nearly 400 full-time research and development staff.
The master control module is now the largest demonstration of a national production control system in the country. As products are successfully validated in a variety of complex processes, such as bumpers, processing lines, national substitution is expected to accelerate.
The company has accepted 60 mwit orders, set aside 60 mwit and guaranteed short-term delivery.
The winning project is about 75% of the total size of the plan. This is the Treasure Software (600845.sh) - 2024 - Quarterly Report Review - Revenue Growth Reverse.
The goal is to use green renewable energy power to achieve 100% renewable energy power by 2030. The idc business will return to the growth pace by copying the advantages of Shanghai Treasure Cloud management, resources, and so on.
Treasure software (600845.sh) - single-q3 profits grew by more than 31%, maintaining a high-quality output.
There is a large national production replacement space, and idc once again won the big list, and future performance is expected to accelerate by maintaining “the positive company's revenue of $9,757 million (+10.64 per cent) in the first three quarters of the year and a net return of $1.93 billion (+3.16 per cent) to the mother, and figure 2: the company's operating income and rate of increase in the single season (in billions, per cent)
Investment proposals: maintain a "better than the big city" rating. Due to the pressure of the downstream steel industry, repair profit forecasts, pre-emption space, and re-election of the idc business, future performance is expected to accelerate, maintaining the "better than the big city" author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author