• Large, nationally scarce plc enterprises, from 0-1 to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Large-scale plc industrial software is critical in the field of industrial control, our large plc market share has long been cut off by foreign capital, and the large plc competition barrier is mainly “core process algorithms + customer certification”. After almost 10 years of heavy and sedimentation, the company formed more than 200 core process algorithms and officially launched its own national product in July 2021.
plc, which opened the door to the replacement of large plc national production, is now gradually entering a high-speed development period in large plc cities with a rate of zero to one, while large plcs are expected to open up the growth ceiling by deepening the layout of automated products such as the three-power control system for catching hands. We expect the company ' s net profit to return to its mother in 2023-2025, respectively.
• Self-researching industrial robots are gradually being deployed, and robots are being developed like fire.
The service model boo (build-own-operate), raas (robots, services), etc., is designed to create an open and shared robotic eco-circle that connects to the industrial chain on and off the robots. The company ' s robotic products are in the field of metallurgy.
By the end of 2026, we will have deployed over 10,000 sets of robotics provided by the Treasure software. The company is expected to complete its research from machine hardware to software, and expand the robots to a multi-industry level.
For many years, the company has focused on the Autonomous Research and Development Industry Internet Platforms, such as Denxin3platt and ai mid-stage, Xai suites, and has actively promoted the development of a large steel-ai model, laying the foundation for intelligent development. The company is the leading city of idc in the country, where the supply and demand patterns of idc continue to improve, while the development of idc is on the rise, and idc is expected to improve.
The idc development is below expectations; and the reorganisation of the Treasure M&As is below expectations. China’s scarce, large-scale plc+robot +ai arithmetic companies lead the way.
1.1. At the heart of the large plc of national production, the "Six Ones" build a new industrialization +ai leader. The Treasurestone software strategy focuses on "Automated + Robotic +ai model + informatization + Industrial Internet +aidc" six major new industrialization +ai digital economic growth track, which is China's scarce national industrialization +ai calculator.
It's a rare enterprise that has made a breakthrough in large-scale plc industrial software. The Bo-Sin software is a listed software company in China that controls, controls and controls shares in the Bo-Sing stock. It has a deep intellectual gene, and the company continues to grow and expand along the lines of top-down, soft-down, new industrial +ai-led enterprises.
Automated + robotic +ai model + informatization + industrial Internet +aidc, especially the depth of automation and digitalization, is the strategic direction of future corporate priorities.
We believe that there is a long-term potential for bovine software, or the emergence of an alternative to national production. From automation to information, companies have moved into the idc industry, while deepening the industrial Internet, i.e., the Internet, i.e., the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, the Internet, and so on.
Large models, robotics, aidc layouts, leading firms in the digital economy era: (1) In automation: the firm Automated Software and Hardware (AVS) industry is a scarce domestic enterprise that produces large-scale plc automated industrial software products, and the currently scarce domestic and global industrial software giants are at the top of the ladder.
In 2021, the company planned the development of a national production scada software distributed throughout the metallurgical industry and developed a pilot application. At present, the company has developed self-research of the process industry production control software, scada, using as an opportunity the Telestyre 2 Steel Control Centre project:
(2) With regard to robotics: the company has continued to promote the development of the Robot Cloud Platform “Boro Clouds”, exploring service models such as boo (build-own-operate-operate), raas (robots or services) aimed at creating an open shared robotic biosphere, connecting robotics up and down the industrial chain, and expanding to other industrial areas with products related to metallurgy.
In gold, the whole process, multi-programming process, covering various units such as furnaces, steel making, casting, heat swings, cold swings, among which the bottling robots include the Bolo standard, robotics, cloud platforms, connectivity, etc., is a complex: (3) in the big one model: the BMW Group emphasizes the need to vigorously promote the large artificial intelligence model of the BMW software.
Redefinition of manufacturing industries such as steel, the group company will provide greater resources and security, and help the company to do better and more. For the future, the bovine software will go a long way toward large data-based industries like steel and chemicals.
As of May 2023, the platform included industrial ecology (eplat), industrial interconnection (iplat), big industrial data (xdata), artificial intelligence (xai), application development (xdev) packages five, 22 components, 126 modules and 38.39 million lines of autonomous code:
(5) In terms of informatization: company products include bes, bi, wms, mom, etc., companies have been ranked first in recent years in the ranking of domestic firms, and in addition to being used in the steel industry, they have gradually expanded to include the biological, pharmaceutical and other industries;
(6) With regard to aaidc: The generation model, represented bychatgpt, has triggered a new wave of heat, and one is expected to lead to an upgrade of idc to aidc. The company is a core city with a uniquely competitive edge.
Figure 2: Bosin software is the leader of the new industrial +ai digital economy in the country.
Industrial Internet, autonomous R & D industry interconnectivity.
Keep pushing the robot clouds, and the BMW Group is emphasizing the size of the plc, the 3rd power control system.
The platform "Boloyan" is the platform of the network, the largest single area.
To push the Treasure Letter software for mes, erp, bi, summation, scada, etc.;
xln3plat; 2022 Big Treasure Cloudidc; Development, Exploration of Practice
Large models of artificial intelligence heavy wms, mom, etc.; boo (build-own-)
New definition of steel and other manufacturing stations, artificial intelligence hubs, operation), raas (machines)
It's a rare introduction in the country.
4.4kw/Mechanical Power Mode, in which the bot includes the bott.
For the future, Bosun-Soft-Systems, Robot-Herto-Standard "Standing" platform;
It's the lead in the steel industry. It's going to have a giant, a cloud platform, a connection.
In the industrial field, there's a big push, access, and so on, and it's a combination of a kind of automated cloud.
And it's been applied to a number of things, working together to build smart calculations, into big data.
1.2. The product structure continues to be optimized and profitability is increasing by 17.27%. The growth in corporate performance benefits from the rapid growth of such services as automation, computerization, and the industrial Internet, as well as from the expansion and uplifting of the Bounty Windc cabinet.
From 2016 onwards, benefiting from the warmth of the steel industry, the restructuring of the BMW merger, etc., the company's traditional business has been growing faster, with a future transformation of billions of tons of BMW, and the company's strategy of “Automated+Infochemical+Industrial Internet+ai Large Model + Robotics” and its ongoing home country in the field of high-end automation.
As a substitute for a breakthrough, corporate smart manufacturing operations are expected to grow at a high rate in the long run; the total revenue from services outsourcing (mainly idc, which is expected to account for future robotic services) has been maintained at 20-30 per cent since 2017 and is expected to rise steadily in the future as the business of Aidc and robotic raas continues to develop.
The company ' s Māori ratio and profitability have continued to increase, and in the future Māori intelligence manufacturing is expected to increase as the company develops its high-level Māori-rate business, with high-end plc products at its core; in the long term, Māori has been restructured and optimized, with high Māori automation and information-based business as a proportion of the business;
The rate rose from 41.75 per cent in 2017 to 48.44 per cent in 2023 h1, mainly as a result of the operation of idc. Figure 6: Sustained growth in corporate Māori rates and profitability 1.3. Marketized incentives to fully activate employee motivation
As an excellent company, the management team is experienced and flexible, and the internal appraisal system is market-based, with a number of market-based incentive programmes, the company implemented two equity incentives in 2017 and 2020, the company released its Third Restrictive Stock Plan (draft) on 29 December 2022, and three incentive coverage scenarios.
The contours, which cover company management, technical cadres, business cadres, etc., highlight the firm confidence of corporate management in the absence of long-term development, while also promising to motivate staff to fully release the company’s dynamism.
On 19 January 2023, the company issued a circular granting restricted shares to the incentive audience of 857 persons, including directors of the company, senior managers, middle management, core technology, business, etc.
Table 2: Restricted stocks awarded under this plan for the first time and the reserved limited stock release arrangement, with annual performance for the three fiscal years during which the release period was granted, will be lifted in three instalments within the next thirty-six months
In addition to the performance indicators in the following table, the board of directors may adjust the corresponding performance appraisals according to the relevant internal appraisal indicators in China.
Table 3: Unscrewed performance conditions for sex stocks Table 3: Unscrewed performance appraisals for restricted stocks for the first time under this plan and reserved awards
High-end automated self-research is the direction of the company's focus. With the introduction of the large-scale plc industrial software product of Treasure Software, it means that the company has the strength to become a national high-end automated self-research leader.
Automated industrial software is at the core, continuously expanding the boundaries of automated products, actively developing automated three-power systems (plc control system plus electrical transmission control system plus instrument control system), scada industrial software, robotics (platc developed autonomously with treasures), with control systems for large dcs (dcs=plc+scada)
The ability to integrate, the company is gradually entering a period of high-speed growth from 0 to 1 in the large plc national production penetration rate, and is not expected to grow into a domestic high-end automated whole-sector chain. Figure 7: Four major growth logics of corporate automation
We think there are four core growth logics for companies in the direction of high-end automation: (1) Growth logic 1: stock-country substitution + new industrialization incremental demand.
In the future, for energy-intensive process enterprises, the urgency of automation upgrades/intelligent manufacturing adaptations and the number of processes and related hardware equipment involved have resulted in a significant annual investment in capital spending to automate and upgrade the plant's production lines (hard inputs), which are dominated by foreign firms, and in the future.
Nationally produced alternative space: (2) Growth logic 2: product sequence expansion. The company owns large-scale plc products and plans to produce fully self-researched medium-sized plc products with high-school end plc lines, and deepens automated three-power systems (plc).
Control systems + electrical transmission control systems + instrument control systems, scada industrial software, robots (plc developed autonomously with treasures), etc. with the ability to expand to dcs (dcs=plc+scada) and dcs control systems:
(3) Growth logic 3: Industry expansion. Automation products tend to be standardized, productized, reusable, high-level, scale-based, etc., with companies replacing the steel industry with national production, while at the same time vigorously promoting self-researching of the national production of automated products such as medium-sized plc in various industries, with full potential for expanding the industry to grow;
(4) Growth logic 4: Māori increase. The high level of Māori for large-scale automated products such as plc, along with the volume of self-research automated products, is expected to lead to a sustained increase in corporate overall profitability in the long term. 2.1. New industrialization era, with a high replacement space for the national production of the three power systems with the plc at its core.
The country has focused many times on the promotion of new industrialization. We are the only country in the world with all the industrial sectors in the United Nations Industrial Classifications. We have 41 major industrial groups, 207 medium industrial groups, 666 industrial small groups. Our industry added 4.6 per cent to the total value of the year 2023 and the manufacturing sector for 14 consecutive years.
At the top of the world, the promotion of new industrialization is an urgent need to build the competitive advantage of large countries, and the promotion of new industrialization requires a focus on science, technology and innovation, sustained and increased investment in research and development, and breakthroughs in key high-tech areas.
At the level of automation of industrial controls: the promotion of national self-research of high-end industrial and hardware such as plc/dcs/scada is a central direction, and plc/dcs are the “brain” of industrial automation, and the promotion of “industrial self-research” is urgent; (2) at the level of the industrial Internet: the development of communication technologies provides bottom-level network support for new industrialization, while at the same time providing support for new industrialization
New industrialization is expected to increase the demand for communications equipment/devices such as industrial switches, industrial routers, modules, sensors, etc.; industrial Internet platforms are bridges to inform, automate, analyse and process big data in conjunction with ai, digital twins, etc., and contribute to a significant intellectualization of manufacturing; (3) at the level of industrial informatization:
The demand for management industrial software is expected to increase. 2.1.1, Large plc: High Entry Threshold, “Technology + Client Certification” is a core barrier.
It is a new generation of industrial control devices based on the introduction of microelectronics, computer technology, automated control technology and communications technology, designed to replace relays, implement logic, time-counting, and so on, and to create flexible programming control systems.
The functions of simulation volume operations, Pid functions, communications functions and more reliable industrial jamming technologies have been added and are widely applied in various areas of industrial production.plc can be understood simply as a computer used in a given industrial environment with a variety of good performances.
The hardware structure of plc is essentially the same as that of a computer, with cpu, i/o modules, power modules, floor panels, exteriors and communication network equipment, using programmed storage units for logical operations, sequence control, time counting and calculation, and controlling industrial production of various types through numerical, simulated input-output instructions
Process. Plc is used in the industrial field with a variety of scenarios, a wide range of adaptations, and the advantages of reliability, high resistance to interference, and simple programming, as compared to the common computer.
_ (1) Small plc: in general, i/o node less than 256 is small plc, small size, low price, mainly used for small equipment to achieve a single function; (2) medium plc:i/o node between 256 and 2048, with initial communication functions and
Simulation volume functions, with a relatively rich command system, capable of applying to large control systems or multi-organic systems; (3) large plc: i/o nodes above 2048 are large plc. Both can be superior in hardware and software, have strong communication and processing capabilities, mainly in large distributed control systems
In structural form, plc is usually divided into boxes and modules and has been developed on this basis: (1) boxes of body plc: which refers to the integration of cpu, power source, i/o modules and storage units into a box with small, highly integrated features, mainly for small plcs;
(2) Modular plc: packaging the units into stand-alone modules, performing the corresponding functions through assembly between modules, with better flexibility and a greater variety of functions, mainly applied to medium and large plc; (3) Collapse plc: combining the characteristics of the first two, packaging the parts into modules and folding them into modules with the same
The “Technology Barrier + Customer Barrier + Financial Barrier + Product Exclusion Barriers” together construct large higher plc industry barriers, the most central of which is core process algorithms + customer certification. Small plc technology difficulties
While domestic firms have achieved small-scale national substitution in the area of small plc, large plc, before the introduction of large plc products in Treasure Software, the market share was monopolized by foreign firms, and domestic firms were never able to make a substantial breakthrough or substitute for large plcs:
(1) Core process algorithms: large plci/o points more than 2048 and high customer requirements for large plc stability, and large plc should also have good network/group capabilities, which are reflected in good compatibility and ease of use of interfaces, which ultimately allow plc to be connected to the surrounding equipment (entry equipment,
(a) A stable and efficient network, which constitutes a good plc eco-environment, so that large plcs are highly demanding for models, algorithms, software programming, databases, etc.; (b) client certification: large plc clients are predominantly energy-intensive, large-process industry enterprises, and process
Industry consists mainly of metallurgical, petrochemical, chemical, etc., with typical characteristics such as process length, multi-procession, inter-process customs, complex and multiplicity of hardware equipment involved, high requirements for process stability and inter-process synergies, low tolerance of the overall process, higher value of single-engineering, process operators
The combination of household qualifications/technology/post-sales requirements for intelligent manufacturing providers increases the downstream costs of plc, combined with the cost of prior inputs, plc ecology, after-sale services, user usage habits, etc. Client migration costs increase customer (especially large) stickyness, resulting in high-volume plc customers.
High sex, large downstream plc customers do not change plc suppliers easily. 2.1.2, new industrialization, large- and medium-sized plc national production replacements are urgent. The domestic plc market is characterized by two characteristics: the domestic plc market is dominated by foreign capital and local brands.
The market share is low; second, most indigenous products are dominated by small plcs, while the medium-sized plc continues to rely on foreign brands: (1) in the large plc area: domestic markets continue to be dominated by foreign brands, Europe, such as Siemens, Schneider and others, are more competitive in their industries, thanks to years of experience and R & D advantages, and these Europes are also more competitive.
Old-fashioned manufacturers have formed a more visible brand advantage and market advantage in our country. They own almost all of the country’s large plc market, and BS software is now scarce in the country’s large autonomous plc (2) in the small and medium-sized plc area: the Japanese brand, represented by Mitsubishi, Omron, is a strong leader.
Advantages: products are mainly applied to small control systems, machine beds and oem equipment; the local brand of plc, which is represented by Sasakawa technology, Sichuan technology, and IEC, is also active, opening up the domestic small plc market based on such advantages as product customization, cost, service and response time, continuing to advance to the medium and large plc market and increasing market occupation.
Our plc market as a whole has been growing steadily. By type of product, large and medium plc and small plc each account for about half of the market share. At the supply end, overseas firms account for the bulk of the market share, the national replacement plc for 49.8 per cent and the small plc for 50.2 per cent.
In 2020-2021, Siemens had a market share of 48 per cent and 49 per cent, with the remaining share concentrated in the hands of foreign companies such as Omron, Mitsubishi power machines, Keynes, Rockwell, and in small and medium-sized markets, in 2020-2021, Siemens had a market share of 37 per cent and 37 per cent, and domestic enterprises had a share in the transfer of technology, and in the use of high-speed electricity.
After the twenty-first century, our plc industry, which has gradually entered a phase of national production substitution, is in a catch-up phase. Small plc product technology is largely at the same level as international manufacturers, but small and medium-sized product autonomous R & D capabilities are generally low.
After a series of policies to support the development of plc, which was introduced gradually, and which began at the end of the twentieth century, the twenty-first century was accompanied by advances in computer technology, automated technology, and telecommunications technology. On the one hand, the threshold of plc research and development has been lowered, and on the other hand, the investment and development of our capital has been reduced.
But the country currently lacks the core R & D capabilities of the medium-sized plc, small-scale small-scale enterprises with weak innovation capabilities and imitation of overseas plcs.
Large indigenous firms, despite having sufficient financial and market resources, are constrained by their subsequent disadvantages, and lack of sustained and long-term input into domestic branding. Figure 14: The domestic production process of domestic industrial software products
2.2. Treasure software large plc: The technology is strong and clouded plc is expected to catch up 2.2.1, why could the Treasure software launch large plc? The company was founded on automation + informatization, with a deep industrial software gene and a "soft" power.
Huge. After almost 10 years of accumulation and deposition, the Treasure News software has launched large-scale plc products and has received State support, including: 2012 Specialized for the Development of Critical Technology in Smart Manufacturing by the CSD and the Ministry of Technology and Communications, 2014 Specialized for the Development of Major Technical Equipment in Shanghai, 2017 First Break in Rolling Steel Control System, etc.:
Year (for the development of critical technologies for intelligent manufacturing); year (for testing in the system); (3) project validation 2016-2020: 2016 (for single rack verification), 2017 (for processing line validation),
Figure 15: Treasure letter software, 10 years after sedimentation to roll out large-scale plc products
2010: School Enterprise Cooperation • 2013: Design pre-research • 2016: single-airframe validation
:: 2011: technical validation • 2018: coupling machine validation: Figure 16: Treasurestone software plc research and development process received interest and support from government departments
The core threshold for large plc is core process algorithms + client certification, the legacy software is backed up by the Treasure Group, natural possession of test scenes, more than 200 core process algorithms, and the high plc threshold for the steel metallurgical industry, which provides a solid basis for subsequent industry expansion:
(1) Large plc threshold: For large plc, it is important to find, in addition to technical difficulties, a very good partner to provide a continuous hardware design validation, which refers not only to speed, but more to overcoming disruptions to the system caused by changes in the external environment such as dust, pressure, corrosivity, etc.
Large plcs are mature products, it's important to have customers willing to take on new businesses, large plc markets in the country, mostly in the hands of Euro-American companies like Siemens and Schneider, the plc industry is relatively mature, the average business is not willing to change plc easily because of its business stability, and for Treasure, the BMW is the product of Treasure plc.
A natural customer for the development of the goods, proven by a 10-year test, has created a unique competitive power of the Treasure, and the company, with its accumulation of nearly 20 years, has developed over 200 core process algorithms that can provide users with a set of solutions that compare it with one of the major overseas plants, plc, which has a significant advantage in flexibility;
(2) The high plc threshold for the steel metallurgical sector: in all industries, the plc for accuracy, stability and, in the case of the Treasure, the ability to do the plc for the steel metallurgy sector means the ability to expand across industries.
Figure 17: Treasure software plc control system has formed more than 200 core process algorithms.
The company’s large plc has a strong hardware and software platform and an open system architecture, with deep integration of process software and bottom systems, promising to break the foreign price monopoly and reduce product upgrades resulting in (1) a powerful hardware and software platform: supporting six processors in parallel: the fastest single command implementation time is less than
1ns; station-to-station communications with a high speed of 2.1 gbps; robust real-time operating systems guaranteeing a maximum scanning cycle of up to 200 Us; high-integral hardware configuration tools; support of cfc, sfc, st, id, il, fbd in six programming languages; (2) open system architecture: fully open system architecture, easily scalable structure; high performance
Communications protocol to meet Hmi HF refresher requirements; support profibus-dp, mod is not an on-site bus agreement such as-rtu: flexible customised industry control algorithm module library: server inherited from opc-ua achieves cross-platform numbers
The company plans to launch cloud plc, the so-called cloud plc, in 2023, to build plc on the industrial Internet platform, so that debugging monitoring is done entirely through remote platforms. The advantage of cloud plc is: (1) more.
Quicker product development: (2) shorter deployment time: (3) large-scale custom production: (4) higher system availability.
Figure 19: Treasure software plc R & D planning layout 2.2.3. Comprehensive self-research scada products. Continuous promotion of the autonomy of industrial and controlled products. Scada technology is the bottom key technology of the Ministry of Information and Technology for the release of the national industrial Internet, industrial automating nuclear
The heart system, 95 per cent of which uses scada, is one of the last key communications technologies to connect digitally, while self-research scada helps companies to advance to higher ends of dcs, and self-research scada is a business development requirement: (1) to increase market ownership of national production scada products; (2)
Addressing inconsistencies in the interface between domestic products; (3) tackling the challenge of non-opening foreign product agreements to achieve full self-research; and (4) breaking the foreign scada-plc tie-up marketing model and reducing costs.
Image: (2) Incidental alarm: multiple alarm rules, operational monitoring: (3) emergency response: self-defined rulebook, automatic application of alarm response measures; (4) production monitoring: aggregation of field data and status to achieve centralized monitoring.
The company has developed the process industry production control software scada as an opportunity. In terms of background trends, the entire process of the world’s best equipped, most stainless steel-producing steel mills is to be upgraded as a whole.
Level-I systems are entirely developed and produced in intouch, wincc. The project has multiple challenges: (1) complex field equipment involving 251 sets of equipment, more than 400,000 signal points; (2) wide plant area: 20 self-contained operating rooms, 41 operating spaces; and (3) heavy historical burden: implemented 20 years ago by foreign agents, with no internal details available.
The system "Black Box" is not interconnectable with multi-smoking chimney systems such as wincc, intouch, and Osteam Union. Based on the P.S.B.I.Industry Internet Iiplat package, a whole system has been set up, from data collection to real-time production manipulation, to factory cluster control, to data silos, Internet interconnectivity, and all 41 positions in the Too-Steel 2-Steel entire process have been picked up.
Figure 20: Treasure software drives the autonomous development of scada using the Treasure 2 steel centre project as an opportunity to achieve the autonomous development of process industry production control software
Easy to use. Break-through second-class redundancy switch technology.
It's done with the industrial giants, it's supported by 100 milliseconds of data brushes, and it's massively enhanced.
Full functionality for the product, new, refreshed faster than abroad, long-range upgrades and
The remote debugging technology supports the home-grown operating system and the project.
We'll break through the browser-based drawings, finish the steel-based industrial drawings, and preload the front-loading fast switch.
Support for Treasure autonomous R & D plc and mainstream plc products 2.3, 4 core growth logic: deep automated product layout with large plc at its core
2.3.1, incremental + stock replacement logic: Double carbon + national production substitution, new demand + old product replacement + industry expansion. In the new carbon + energy-consuming process enterprises, automation upgrades/intellectual manufacturing modifications are more urgent and involve a large number of process links and associated hardware equipment and are therefore invested annually.
Capital spending to automate and intelligently upgrade the factory's production lines (hard inputs), which is largely foreign-owned, with a large future national production alternative space: (1) incremental demand: in an era of double carbon + new industrialization, process-based industries represented by the steel industry “have
The need + the ability to invest heavily in capital-costing smart manufacturing, and the two-carbon policy promotes low-carbon transformation in the process industry Upgraded and automated, efficient energy-efficient industrial and regulatory products become “necessary options” for capital spending in the process industry, with the hope of generating significant incremental demand each year:
After 30 years, we are expected to begin a new stock replacement cycle, while small and medium-sized nuclei in the country can be replaced by more brands, which can be supplied by enterprises represented by Sasakawa technology, Sichuan technology, and IEC, which have long been monopolized by foreign companies, Treasure Software.
As currently scarce domestic firms that can provide large nuclei of nuclei, they are expected to take the lead in a wave of stock replacements. Pluc products are more stable, assuming an average replacement cycle of about 10 years, and it seems almost likely to be domestic at the present time.
The plc market stock is the sum of the domestic plc market increases for 2013-2022. According to the Chinese-Asian Economic Intelligence Network, it is assumed that, while the replacement of controlled products is influenced by a number of factors, there will be no significant fluctuations, assuming that the annual replacement of plc is 10 per cent of the inventory space, the annual replacement value of the plc market is higher than the annual replacement value of the plc market.
$13 billion, taking into account the expansion of new plants and changes in old plants, and the larger market space for the market in the future for the plc market. According to the data measured at the large plc launch in 2021, taking into account the market capacity of the plc control system _ (plc+ control system), the total investment in the SWF control system alone would be nearly $20 billion, or the total.
The total investment in the metallurgical sector control system is about 200 billion yuan. Of the nearly $20 billion in the BMW control system, including 3 billion in iron, 2 billion in steel, 2 billion in heat, 1 billion in heat, 6 billion in cold, 3 billion in hardline material, 1.5 billion in public support, and 1.5 billion in new materials, we've measured concretely, for example, with hot and cold rollers.
Process: (1) Thermal roller line: billions of yuan with tmeic hot roller (heating furnaces + rough + curry + transport chain + fine) (2) Cold roller line: for example, hetachi cold roller line (acid shampoo + roller + line + zinc plating + fine): plc control system is priced at around 150 million dollars, and the BMW has 40 cold roller lines totalling about 6 billion yuan.
2.3.2. Product sequence expansion logic: from large plc to tri-power systems to automated whole-industry chains. From product sequence expansion, companies have expanded from large plc to automated three-power systems (plc control system + electrical transmission control system + instrument control system), from large plc to medium plc, and from large to large.
The ability of type plc control systems to expand to large dcs control systems, from large plcs to automated whole-sector chains, thus opening up growing space: (1) from large plc to “Automated Three Power Systems”: “Three Power Systems” are mainly produced
The three automated control systems are made up of “three power systems”, which are essential components of modern large-scale steel rollers and metallurgical equipment, and account for a large proportion of automated capital expenditure, with companies having the capacity to self-research large plc control systems.
This allows the ability to expand into automated three-power systems, which in the future are expected to open up a wide range of growth opportunities for companies by replacing national production with an automated three-power system centred on plc: (2) sinking from large plc to medium plc: large plc entry barriers are highest, large plc strikes
gram means that the company already has the capacity to expand to medium plc, that medium plc requires a high degree of channel capacity, and that future companies are expected to steadily move forward with the development of channels to open up the medium plc market further; (3) expansion to large dcs control systems: Treasure letter software as a currently large plc enterprise.
With its own scada capacity and many years of industrial field experience, it is expected that the plc control system will further expand the dcs control system and gradually shape its own product capacity for the dcs control system; _(4) with a large plc at the core of the automated product line: plc as the control hub for the industrial site,
A major role in automated production lines, especially the large-scale plc industry barriers, requires a great deal of automated technology to break through. Bosin software is centred on large plc automated industrial software, active extension of machines (plc, spin-in, scada industrial software, etc.) and continues to be part of the network.
On the 20th of this year, Bo-Wu launched the launch of the Ten-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O.
Induction Program Report and video-signed Robotic Implementation Framework Cooperation Agreement with Bosin, Ma Steel Group, Tai Gang. By the end of 2026, BMW will have achieved more than 10,000 robots, industrial machines, and special robots in manufacturing units.
It is designed to create an open, shared robotic equipment eco-coop, connect the robots to the upper and lower-middle industrial chains, and expand to other industrial areas. The Bosin software continues to fight by promoting the full scale and industrialization of the country’s own self-researching high-end control systems.
The sharpening of the delivery capacity of fully automated products and the upgrading of brand premiums along with the expansion of the product matrix will increase their profitability in terms of both value levels and Māori ratios.
plc and dcs are in the same industrial control category and, although there are differences in product patterns, application scenarios and downstream industries, there is some overlap of functions from an application point of view, which can be understood simply as approximating the “dcs=plc+scada”, where the boundaries between large plc and dcs are becoming increasingly blurred and present.
Some convergence trends have enabled large plc enterprises to have the ability to go to the dcs layout: _ (1) From the point of view of product form and application, the plc is a container consisting of components such as cpu, memory, i/o interfaces and power sources, and dcs is a network control system, including functions such as monitoring/group network configuration.
Software and web-based subjects that are located in industrial sites. Usually, plc is installed on industrial sites and is responsible for controlling the execution of the actions; dcs is operated mainly by the operators in the central control room, where signals are collected through the network of dcs, which is processed and displayed graphically on the screen, most importantly on the screen.
Control and operation by the operator of the central control room: (2) From a downstream industry perspective, plc is widely applied throughout the manufacturing industry, and in automated sections involving on-site control and recovery of handy-actions, it is more necessary to operate with plc: dcs is mainly large-scale
Control and design, so few applications are applied in discrete industries, mainly process-based industries, such as petrochemicals, chemicals and iron-smelting and steel-smelting scenarios: (3) from a functional point of view ... although the core function of dcs is overall industrial site control ...
It also involves the execution of a number of actions, so it can be understood from a functionally simple perspective as “dcs=scada+plc.” In addition, with the extensive application of large plcs and the uninterrupted growth of large plc communications capabilities, the large plc now has an increasing connectivity capability, while the end-of-pipe execution of dcs is possible.
Power is also growing, and the boundaries between large plcs and dcs are beginning to become blurred, with some convergence in figure 27: dcs structural chart, figure 26: product map of plc
Data from China ' s White Paper on Industrial Software Development, China ' s China Economic Intelligence Network, China ' s Industrial Control Network, China ' s Commercial Intelligence Network, etc., with a market size of 16.6 billion yuan/12 billion yuan in 2022, we assume that the value of the control nodes relative to the value of the peripheral equipment is 1:10, and we expect 2023-2027 in the context of intelligent manufacturing trends and the emergence of new industries such as new energy sources.
Large, as the number of in-depth industrial control nodes in the automation process will increase significantly, plc and dcs are expected to rise further downstream demand and value levels as core control components in industrial sites, contributing to maintaining a high industry climate over a longer period of time.
Figure 29: Size and acceleration of the domestic market for dcs (billion yuan) Figure 28: Size and acceleration of the domestic market for plc (billion yuan) Figure 30: Spatial measurement of our plc control system and dcs and control system (billion yuan)
2.3.3. Industry expansion logic: Expanding from steel to metallurgy to large industries with high growth potential, we understand four things about corporate growth across industries: (1) process enterprises have high intellectual manufacturing requirements, high investment, and only automated stock control in the steel metallurgy sector.
Systems replacement space amounts to hundreds of billions of dollars, so we think that even without industry expansion in the short term, companies already have high-growth ceilings based on their central position and competitive power in steel metallurgy; (2) companies continue to enrich their product matrix, and have long achieved cross-industry expansion, and corporate products are now available.
In sectors other than metallurgy, which have been expanded to include medicine, colour, energy, electricity, chemicals, agriculture, civil aviation, a solid foundation has been established: (3) As corporate products expand from information to automation, their standardization has gradually increased and will continue to grow in the future.
With the establishment of corporate channels partners, the ability of firms to scale up production and diffusion of their products will be further enhanced, and corporate products will be promoted for cross-sector marketing: (4) Companies are the scarce domestic alternatives to large-scale plc industrial software, produced in the country
In the face of the tide of substitution, corporate products have a strong value for money compared to the industrial giants abroad, and demand from various industries will continue to rise, thereby increasing the penetration of corporate products across industries. Automatic products are standardized, productized, and characterized by higher levels of reuse and larger scale effects.
The company replaced the iron and steel industry with national production, while at the same time vigorously promoting the development of automated products such as medium-sized plc in all sectors, such as metallurgy, ports, electricity, etc., with full potential for growth in the corporate sector. (1) On 30 January 2023, the company released a message to the public on the Weibo public that the Boon software had received from Young Indonesia.
In Indonesia, the unspoiled steel cooling project is the only modern multi-processed advanced production line in the world, creating a new record of the size of the stainless steel production line, including hot acid flammation, five successive sculpters, cool acid flammation, flattling of the whole cooling process, total production of the year.
To 700,000 tons. More than twice as many as the conventional chiller team leader, the whole system is more complex, and because of the length of the production line, there are higher requirements for equipment operating stability, failure speed, etc. Treasure software is smart enough to use integrated technologies such as informatics, industrial Internet, automation, etc.
The project has tailored its chain of command to enable it to perform mobile, basic automation, process management, smart equipment design, supply, integration, and debugging functions. The company’s intelligent manufacturing business opens up a new and growing space for the company, and once again attests to the company’s global competition as a country’s scarce high-end industrial software & intelligent manufacturing enterprise.
(2) On 14 March 2023, the company issued a circular authorizing the Board of Directors to co-finance, with Dandong Eastern Surveillance and Control Company Ltd. (“Oriental Surveillance”) the establishment of Shanghai Bosin Mining Intelligence Ltd. (tentatively 10,000 yuan, with the company contributing $82.5 million, or 55 per cent: Eastern Surveillance provided $67.5 million, or 45 per cent of the total.
Smartness will focus primarily on intelligent mining operations, the dehumanization and dehumanization of mines, the significant increase in the level of safety of mineral production, the achievement of efficient and high-quality production, and helping clients to move from “labour-intensive” to “technology-intensive” and ultimately to a fully digitized transformation of enterprises.
(3) On August 10, 2023, according to the Bosin software public number, the Bosin software fully-owned company Wuhan Harbour Di Electric Co. Ltd. and Guangdong Yongtung Heavy Heavy Co. Ltd. formally signed the project on the no-manufacturing of the Guangdong Yid Port Steel Bank, which, upon completion of the project, will become the first unmanned automated storage area in South China.
Founded in 1999 and acquired in 2021 by Treasurehouse Software, it is a wholly owned subsidiary of the company.Wuhan Harbour ' s operations cover electrical control systems, low voltage distribution, power engineering master contracts, and includes the Department of Electricity Control and Distribution and Engineering, with an annual output of almost $1 billion.
Electrical products and services are distributed to various industries, such as the underpass, shipbuilding, railways, shielding, construction, metallurgical, hydro, electricity, mining, environmental protection, building materials, petrochemicals, marine engineering, etc. With the support and assistance of the company's Smart Equipment Department, the Guangdong Yide Port Steel Bank has been rendered unmanageable.
We believe that the signing of the project is not only a market breakthrough, but also a market breakthrough, in collaboration with the company and the port of Wuhan.
Corporate automation operations provide a solid foundation for industry expansion. 2.3.4. The Māori uplifting logic: Automated products are more standardized, and Māori are more standardized.
The level of Māori is expected to be high, which is expected to lead to a significant increase in corporate profitability as a whole. By contrast, the Māori rate for small and medium-sized plc products in Hitchon technology, and in a high-level of roughly 50-60% in a fast-tracked electrical system has been maintained, with a steady upward trend and a low level of small- and medium-sized plc barriers to competition and a poor pattern of competition.
Large-scale plc competition barriers are high and stable, and we assume that profitability will be higher than that of small- and medium-sized plc. cnc, industrial visuals, sports control cards, etc.
2.4. Via Siemens: The global industrial giant push-eda strategy, and the digitalization of the camp continues to grow, and we can see that Siemens, as a global industrial intelligence-manufacturing giant, has been displacing its non-core operations in recent years to inform, automate, and industrial Internet.
In the future, the deeper integration of automation and digitization will be enhanced, the intellectual development of self-research automated products and the development of automation will be strongly promoted: the Westgate product matrix covers high/medium/low pressure.
Multi-products such as frequency transformers, large/medium/small plc&dcs, server systems and controllers: (2) aggressive industrial Internet platforms: Siemens launched the industrial goods networking platform Mindsphere in 2016, which, in addition to clouding the iot data at the bottom of the production line, drives industrial software for Siemens manufacturing.
To cover the platform and deepen the integration of industrial software with automation. The clouding of future automation is a trend, and Siemens' industrial Internet platform is a solid foundation for carrying automated cloudization; (3) Industrial software product systems are constantly being enriched: Siemens is continuously replenished through self-research + M & As.
Industry software product lines, deep-card intelligence manufacturing whole-of-industry chains; (4) promotion of automation and digital depth integration: Siemens, led by the eda strategy, further integration of the organizational structure of automated and digitized operations and continuous upgrading of the Siemens industry to provide smart manufacturing solutions
In general, Siemens' growth and development are of value to our intelligent manufacturing enterprises, and we can get (1) Apocalypse 1: For intelligent manufacturing enterprises, the continuous enrichment of the product matrix, along automation, industry, the Internet, and the deep layout of the information-based whole-industry chain, helps to enhance the overall competitiveness of the enterprise;
(2) Apocalypse 2: Automated track development is wide-ranging, deep-farming, automating and digital integration will open the ceiling for intelligent manufacturing enterprises to grow.
Apocalypse 1: For an intelligent manufacturing enterprise, the product matrix is continuously enriched along automation.
Industrial Internet, information-based whole-of-the- chain depth, industrial Internet layout, helping to raise corporate competition at all levels.
Platform Mindsphere Apocalypse 2: Automated track development space, Deep Farm Automated track, advanced automation and number
The integration of words will open up intelligent manufacturing enterprises, promote automation and digitization, and grow ceilings.
Deeper integration of Siemens with non-core operations, and the eda strategy with clear directions for the future. After 2000, Siemens began shifting the strategic focus to industrial software operations, with the gradual removal of microelectronics, mobile phones, and home power.
Non-core operations such as services, automobile operations, and electrical operations focused on industrial automation and the development of digital business plates. Siemens' gross operating income and net profits fluctuated over the last two decades, mainly as a result of multiple factors such as stripping of non-core operations, fluctuations in core Chinese sector operations and exchange rate fluctuations, resulting in Siemens' total harvest in 2023.
77,769 million euros, or 8.05 per cent more than the previous year, and 7,949 million euros in net profits, or 114 per cent more than the same year. Siemens will be guided in the future by the eda strategy, which is to move from electrification to automation to digitalization, further integrating the organizational structure of automated and digital operations, and enhancing automation and numbers.
Digital operations are growing in scale, driving the Siemens industrial transformation process. Siemens increased their revenue from €9,956 million to €21,919 million in fiscal year 2015-2023, with the total revenue rising from 13.16% to €21,919 million.
28.18 per cent became the second largest operating block in Siemens. Digitalization, at the heart of industry at 4.0, is expected to become the focus of the next phase of growth in Siemens, on the one hand, and to further consolidate Siemens ' position as global industrial leader through integration with the depth of automated operations, on the other hand, by enhancing Siemens ' ability to deliver integrated solutions.
In terms of regional orders and receipts, Siemens showed a downward trend in China’s new orders and receipts. In 2023, Siemens achieved new orders in China amounting to €8798 million, a 19 per cent decline compared to the previous year, and Siemens received €3,367 million, a 2 per cent decline compared to the same period in China.
As firms rise, we judge that the market share of national producers is expected to rise gradually.3 The Itoborough Clouds platform, where self-researching industrial robots are phased out 3.1, industrial robot development is supported by the State and the potential for growth is clouded.
3.1.1 The potential for industrial robots in our country is high, and there is a great potential for national production to replace them. Robots are intelligent machines that can work autonomously or semi-autonomously.
(i) Industrial robots: auto-controlled, reprogrammable, multi-purpose operators, often in industrial automation; (ii) service robots: they can be broken down into home robots, commercial robots; they are used in the home environment to meet the needs of users; commercial robots are used in the public domain to provide general services;
(3) Special robots: for use in the field of specialization as an alternative to, and in support of, human tasks, the user needs the hands. Industrial robots are programmed robotic systems capable of performing various industrial tasks automatically. By the definition of iso-8373-2012, industrial robots are defined as auto-controlled, reprogrammable, capable of being programmed in three or more ways.
More axes are programmed and capable of fulfilling the process steps required by humans on fixed or mobile platforms, including, but not limited to, dry manufacturing, testing, packaging, and assembly.
Industrial robots were born in the United States, with technological breakthroughs in Japan, and our industrial robots were in rapid development. The first industrial robot, unitate, was made in 1962 by an American company, unitation, and was put into practice in the area of general automobiles. After the Second World War, Japan, Germany, and Japan and Germany had a shortage of labour in the 1960s.
In 1980, the Japanese industrial robots made a breakthrough in a number of technologies (e.g. exchange power drives, microprocessors, etc.) and were the world’s leading producers. In the 1990’s, the strong performance of the German-Korean manufacturing industry led to the development of industrial robots.
“World Factories”, industrial robots, driven by policies, production needs, etc., have developed rapidly. Figure 40: The history of industrial robot development. 1962, when the first industrial robot came into existence in the United States, mastered the core.
In 1967, Kawasaki Heavy Industries introduced U.S. industrial robotics to fill the labour gap created by the rapid growth of the gdp in Japan, and the labor force.
In 1980, Japanese industrial robotic technology went beyond the United States. • In 2011, the Obama administration built on advanced manufacturing programs.
In 2003, the cost of industrial robots in the United States fell to the 1990s.
One in four, economics is becoming more and more evident; while rubber, biopharmaceuticals, booms, Japanese industrial robots are entering the “final glory.” Non-car industry, such as semiconductors, is growing demand for industrial robots.
In 1990, thanks to the positive expansion of the German automobile industry, Germany • In 2008, the Korean government promulgated "The development of smart robots and the continuing high demand for robots." Automobiles are industrial robotics.
The Promotion of Universality Act, which promotes industrial robots in industries with the highest rates of subprime loan crises.
After the Asian financial crisis, the growth of the Korean industrial robot market stabilized. Japan’s “Robots Kingdom”
Japan, Germany, Korea, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Since 2013, governments have put in place intensive industrial robots to support China ' s participation in wto, and a large amount of foreign capital has been invested in Chinese investment plants, along with subsidies, domestic industrial robots in 2013-2018.
The construction of modern plants and large production orders have led to a rapid growth of 37.3% of the cagr workforce, the demand for industrial robots.
In 2010, domestic manufacturing moved from a labour-intensive to a technologically sophisticated one, with high-intensity boosters in the automobile, 3c industries.
The country attaches great importance to the development of the robotics industry, and in recent years the government has issued a series of relevant documents to support the robotic industry. To support and regulate the healthy development of our robotics industry, policies have been put in place at the central and local levels.
With the implementation of five safeguards, the robotic industry has entered a new phase of development. In January 2023, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued a document on the implementation of the Robot Plus application programme, which proposes to include the manufacturing industry.
In the area of economic development, and in the area of social livelihood, governments have also been active in the development of robotics. National policies have contributed significantly to the development of service robots.
The Shanghai Three-Year Action Plan for Quality Development in Manufacturing (2023-2025), released in June of that year, proposed to accelerate the development of human robotic innovation, the deployment of smart robot terminal brands, the acceleration of the use of conventional manufacturing corporate robots, and the attainment of a density of 360 industrial robots per 10,000 people in 2025.
Our industrial robots have a high level of maintenance and are growing faster. In 2021, our industrial robots grew faster than the global market. According to the Chinese Industrial Research Institute and International Machines, the annual compound growth rate was 3.65%. I was driven by a combination of domestic policy intensity and growing market maturity.
The country’s industrial robot market grew faster in size, with $8.7 billion in 2022 and a compound increase of 13.59% in 2017-2022, higher than the global level. With the expansion of downstream demand markets, industrial robot development is expected to continue well, and according to ifr, the country’s industrial robot market is expected to grow in 2023.
In comparison with countries like Korea, Singapore, and Japan, our industrial robotics installation capacity is much larger. According to the International Robot Federation (ifr) 2023 World Robotics Report, in 2022, our robotics installation grew by 5% to 2903,000 units, representing 52% of the global installation, an increase in the share of industrial robots.
The annual World Robotic Report shows that the global average of manufacturing robotic density increased to 141 robots per 10,000 workers in 2021, and that our continent is the fifth largest in the world with 322 industrial robotics per 10,000 workers, the first time that my continent has more industrial robotic density than the United States. Korea has 1,000 industrial machines per 10,000 workers in 2021.
In contrast to the fact that the development of industrial robots in our continent has greater potential, the potential labour force in manufacturing is insufficient in the long term, the cost of the population is gradually rising, and the price of robots is on a downward trend, and the price of “machines for human beings” is becoming more visible:
(1) Manufacturing demand is strong and labour supply is inadequate: in a “carbon neutral” context, the demand for new energy sectors, such as photovoltaics, lithium, etc., continues to flourish, and the demand for automobiles, semiconductors, and industry in general continues to stagnate.
According to the National Statistical Office, the average number of workers in manufacturing fell from 87.11 million to 65.5 million between 2015 and 2020. By age structure, the ageing trend was significant, with the share of the manufacturing labour force under 30 falling to 21.4% in 2019, while the proportion of the population over 45 years of age rose.
In terms of the remuneration structure, the employer ' s unit costs have been rising, with the average wage of manufacturing workers in the municipal corporate sector rising from year to year in 2008-2019, at an average compound growth rate of 12.53 per cent; (2) higher human costs and a downward trend in the price of robotics: the average price of imports of industrial robots in the country in recent years
In the long run, the acquisition and operation costs of industrial robots are gradually closer to the cost of labour, while robots play a positive role in improving the efficiency and safety of industrial production, which is more economical than manual labour, using industrial robots to organize production activities.
Industrial robotics can be replaced by industrial robots. In 2022, the industrial robot industry was more than 30%, the industrial robot industry was more than 45%, the industrial robot industry was more than 60%, the industrial robot industry as a whole was more concentrated, and overseas firms continued to dominate the industrial robot market.
Figure 48: Competition ladders in the industrial robot industry in China 3.1.2 Trends in industrial robotics: platforming, intelligence, softening
Trends I: Platforming is the future direction of industrial robotics. Industrial robotics platforming refers to the integration and interconnection of industrial machines, sensors, control systems, data analysis, etc. into a single platform. Platforming requires hardware, software standardization and interoperability of robotics and their accessories, and application solutions.
In the case of the Bounty software, for example, the Bolon platform is the core driver and digital base of the 10,000 Polo robots. Industrial robots work in poor environments, complex network conditions, and have greater difficulty in collecting stable data.
Industrial robot on-site maintenance is expensive and it is difficult to meet the requirements for efficient failure response. The Treasurestone software is based on the U.S.A.T.A.T.A., which creates the Borow Cloud platform for autonomous research and development, the safe and reliable access of industrial robots to the iplat object network component, the efficient collection of state data, the digital modelling of live robots based on physical models and the management of the entire life cycle.
In terms of user benefits, smart predictions reduce unplanned downtime by 15% and remote ota by 20% of robot maintenance costs. Trend two: Emerging technologies promote the intellectualization of industrial robots.
(1) Upgrade from a single perception to a global perception: a large number of applications of robotic-specific sensors, such as six-dimensional sensors, laser radars, three-dimensional visual sensors, make robots more fully aware of the surrounding environment: (2) Upgrade from sensory intelligence to cognitive intelligence: for example, based on in-depth learning systems that train robotics.
On October 27, 2023, the world's top robots launched bostondynamics showed a new study on the network, developing a talking guide dog based on a combination of chhatgpt, spot and other ai models.
Text, voice alerts to talk to humans and provide visual question-and-answer functions that analyse the images taken by the camera and automatically generate image descriptions;
Humans and robots come together to perform a beautiful and coordinated dance; (4) upgrade from fence operations to human aircraft collaboration: Farnuc has launched a new 10-kilo load co-consignment robotics, shares workspaces with workers, and provides fine for small parts handling, assembly, etc.
Simultaneous, flexible, and safe human collaboration programmes. The high safety, flexibility, collaboration, etc. of collusive robots has greatly attracted manufacturing firms to introduce collusive robots into production lines to achieve more intelligent, flexible, industrial robot intelligence driven by internal intelligence and external intelligence:
(i) External intelligence: data collection analysis of multiple dimensions and scenes, mainly through outer equipment; intellectual decision-making leading to the execution of industrial robots; (ii) internal intelligence: monitoring of the operation of core parts and industrial robots, based on their own performance
In the light of this trend, industrial robots should continuously optimize motor control techniques, control systems, promote product performance and enhance the perception of the robotic body.
Trends III: Smart + platformed industrial robots will provide strong support for flexible production. Soft production is the ability of production lines to adapt and adapt quickly to market demand and product changes, smart + platformed industrial robots will help enterprises to make soft production, improve production efficiency and product quality.
People will be more autonomous and self-adapted, adapted to mandate requirements and environmental changes, optimized work strategies, automated and intelligent production; have a higher degree of programming and flexibility that allows rapid adaptation and adaptation to the needs of different tasks, diversified and individualized production; and move towards multifunctional and modular design.
Switch and expand multiple functions by adapting to different work needs through alternative and combinationd modules; increase focus on collaboration with human staff and sharing of workspaces, achieve closer human cooperation and increase production of robots (irb5,500 flexpainter) in figure 53:abb
3.2. Building a Polo robot complex, robotic development like fire 3.2.1, building a robotic cloud platform, contributing to the arrival of Polo.
On that day, Bo-wu held the launch of the 10,000-Pa-Bo-Bo-Bo-Bo-Bo-Bo-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O.
At the end of the year, BMW will achieve more than 10,000 robots, industrial robots and special robots in the manufacturing unit, the currency approach, and hold on to Shanghai Turing Idea Robotics Ltd. The Turing robots now have a product of 1 kg to 500 kg series of high-precision industrial six-axis robots, covering auto parts processing, new energy, 3c numbers.
In many mainstream industries, its Italian subsidiary, rrr, was founded in 1978 as one of the first companies in the world to develop machine tools, with high-end heavy-load robotic products as its core product. For 40 years, rrr has successfully provided European clients with over 2,000 industrial applications, covering all the functions of industrial robots.
After 14 consecutive months of full load and high-intensity field testing, the heavy-load robot product is fully compliant with the performance requirements of the steel metallurgy and the equipment manufacturing industry for high-precision heavy-load robots. With this replenishment, the company is expected to be connected to robots, industrial layouts, industrial co-opts, overcapacity, and control of the wide range of national substitutions for imported robots.
The Bosin software continues to push forward the development of the robotic cloud platform, "Booms" and explores service models such as "boo" (build-crowd-operate), "raas" (robots and services) designed to create an open-sharing robotic ecology.
To connect the robots to the industrial chain in the middle and the downstream, and to expand to other industrial sectors. At the launch of the Mooring Conference in Bo-Wu, Ho-Hung-ming announced the launch of the Bo-Yun platform and the “Boo-House” and then the 2050-hot roller robotjet (the first to be launched in 1998).
The bottling robots cover the entire process, multi-programming process in the field of metallurgy, and cover units such as high furnaces, steel, combs, heat rolls, cold rolls, steel bars, etc. The company continues to promote the application and practice of robotic products, and the production line.
Informatization, fully automated operation, successfully developed and matured to use high furnaces for slurry, steel slag robots, bundled robots, zinc pot-drawling robots, model moving robots, labeled robots, moving agv robots, figure 55: Bounty robots are full of them.
The Polo Cloud platform is the core driver and digital base of 10,000 Bolo. Industrial robots work in poor environments, complex web conditions, and have greater difficulty in collecting stable data, and industrial robots maintain high costs in situ, making it difficult to meet the requirements for efficient failure response.
The iplat-net component completes the safe and reliable access of industrial robots, the efficient acquisition of state data, the digital modelling of live robots based on model models, and the management of the whole life cycle. In terms of user benefits, smart predictions decrease by 15% of unplanned shutdowns, and remote ota reduces robot maintenance costs by 20%.
Figure 56: The Polo Clouds platform is a core driver and new digital base of 10,000 Paros, 3.2.2, with a full variety of robots, making new breakthroughs.
For many years, the Bosin robots have been constantly exploring and continuously helping to advance intelligence in the field of pre-alert robotic applications, and are advanced in the field of pre-alert technology. The traditional furnaces require a number of collaborative efforts, combined with manual openings, manual removal of masonry and replacement of drill poles, and operators must wear heavy protective gear.
This outdated operating model is no longer sufficient to meet the development needs of the modernization of enterprises, not only with low automation, poor on-site operating environments, and repeated workloads.