The feed breakdown continued to grow, the raw pig business grew steadily, the net profit from non-repatriation was 2.54 billion yuan, a decline of 11.9 per cent in the same year, the business income of 2024q1 was achieved at 40 million tons of production, and the feed breakdown was sustained.
The company has completed the strategic layout of 40 million tons of feed capacity, with the core objective of making full use of the competitive advantages acquired in terms of product competitiveness, R & D capabilities, and technology services systems to improve production capacity.
Twenty-four dollars. By category, the off-the-shelf sales amounted to 5,240,000 tons, a 2 per cent increase over the previous year. Of this, special sales increased by 13 per cent over the same period, the general-water sales were influenced by the low prevalence of the general-water fish, and sales fell by 9 per cent over the same period.
In 2023, over 11.3 million tons, or a 13 per cent increase, were sold out of poultry. Through diversified cooperation, the public administration established intensive cooperation with large-scale farming plants and a dragon farming company.
To accelerate the convergence of professional capacities up and down the industrial chain, and to effectively increase the utilization, sales and profitability of poultry production; in 2023, the amount of pork outgrower sales was 5.79 million tons, a 17 per cent increase compared to the same year, and companies started building groups and systems of pig food services, marketing with family farms and sizes that have the advantage of farming,
The model of cooperation in services has grown and product and brand power has grown; the company ' s anti-sugar production and market expansion have been implemented in an orderly manner, with a 70% increase in sales in 2023. Moreover, the ocean model has moved to the international market, with the company ' s overseas feed sales of 1.71 million tons in 2023, up from the same rate.
The q2 feed business has improved significantly, and pig farming is robust.
2024q1, company forage sales of approximately 4.85 million tons, an increase of 10 per cent over the same period, with a 10 per cent increase in sales of water products, a slight decrease in sales of pigs and a 16 per cent increase in sales of poultry; and I, 2. The annual quarterly report of the China Group (002311).
A review of the negative growth in the volume of feed sales, pig farming 110-120, a 30 per cent increase in the ton net profit should be directly related to such factors as the decline in raw material prices, the recovery of poultry profits, and the apparent increase in the volume of special water sales faster than that of popular water.
2. Quarterly Review of the Big Sea Group (002311): Quantified growth in pig production, about $250 million in revenue to support q1 pig farming operations, steady growth in feed sales, loss of pig production operations
In 2023, the company produced about 4.6 million pigs, an increase of about 43.8% compared to the previous year, and the company managed to manage the risks of its operations and the losses of its operations were manageable. The company continued to focus on the creation of its own pig system, the system evolved, and the development and scale advantages of the feed end were added, and the costs of integrated farming were clear.
(b) In addition, during the period of overcapacity in the industry, companies worked hard to identify and promote “outsourcing pigs, companies and companies”
The business model of family farms, locking in profits, hedge risks, as team professional skills increase, and as the model moves to Sordie, the pattern of light assets, low risk, and robust pig farming becomes clearer. 2024q1, the company produces about 1.3 million pigs, and the prices of pigs are low and the industry is losing.
In this case, the production of pig-breeding operations is profitable by means of a condom. This percentage point. The company has a good feed package, a clear product, a solid core competitor, a feed business that continues to grow steadily through the cycle, and a healthy growth of pig-breeding operations, waiting for the price of pigs to rise.
Epidemics; persistently low livestock prices; high prices of raw materials; use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively; data and information used in this report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.