There has been a significant increase in the profitability of aquaculture, performance of 2401, the Big Sea Group (002311.sz) Xie Chi Yu
Billion dollars, +10.89 per cent, of which feed, sale of agricultural products, trade in raw materials, contribution of microecological agents, land-based thinking, 23 years of steady growth in corporate revenue and 2401 high performance.
Due to the low prices of pigs, the company farm business suffered a loss, and during the same 22 years it achieved a better yield, a double-digit increase in the feed main sector, and a greater increase in the profitability of aquaculture. 23 years of company feed sales, 2440.23 million tons, compared with 12.71 per cent, further increased the market share; 1.8 million tons were spent in domestic farming.
Most of the benefits are from product structural optimization (with specials, average sales of water + 13%, - 9%), technological shifts, etc.; as a result of changes in corporate marketing strategies and other changes, 2401 has turned to positive growth.
In addition to this, the company’s overseas feed sales have increased by 1.71 million tons, compared to +24%.
Profit growth is higher than sales growth; companies gradually move their own model to the international market, and overseas sales and profit margins are imaginative. 23 years of pig production + 44% of the year, and farm production is slightly more profitable. 23 years of company farming (pigs, pigs, pigs).
In the area of pig farming, the company has produced 4.6 million pigs in 23 years, a ratio of +43.75%. The department focuses on the development of its own pig system, the accumulation of feed research and development and the advantages of scale, and the integration of farm production costs and production.
Capability indicators (26% higher annual growth in fertility and 97.5% higher in fertility) have improved significantly, and the overall loss is manageable. Given the expectation of higher prices, the company’s ability to produce pigs is expected to improve profitably. In aquaculture, 23 years of corporate aquaculture (mainly raw fish, prawns, etc.)
The main reason for the loss in raw fish farming business was the significant growth in livestock production in the previous years and the slow de-evaluation of stocks, which resulted in low prices for the entire 23 years.
(002311.sz): The q2 income continues to grow and the Māori ratio improves.
Investment proposals: The company is the leading company in the feed industry, collecting products, research and development, serving as one, and the feed product itself is committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.