Sinji Mountain Evidence, SEAG (002311.sz) Feed processing
The company's fundamentals are expected to go back into a recovery cycle.
The company’s share of the feed business increased further in 2023. According to the Chinese Association of Feed Industry, total national industrial feed production increased by 6.6% in 2023, with pig feed increasing by 24.4 million tons (including 1.8 million tons of domestic livestock consumption), compared to 13% in 2023.
The market share was further increased by 22.6 million tons, an increase of 23,600 tons in the same year. A breakdown of the species shows a gradual recovery in the company's aqueous feed business. In 2023, sales of company specials (high-end inflated fish and shrimp crabs) increased by 13 per cent; and hydrates (general inflated fish and particulates)
The company, starting in the second half of 2023, quickly adjusted its marketing strategy, invested key market resources, and provided strong support to high-quality customers and farmers, improved sales of potable water, which turned into positive growth in the first quarter of 2024. In addition, it benefited from aquaculture feed.
There has been a significant increase in the profitability of the company ' s aqueous feed, as a result of the constant transformation of product structure optimization (special water as a percentage of upgrading) and technological advantages.
In 2023, the company became operational, and the number of new varieties of domestic aquaculture has increased to six, and seedlings have been developed in conjunction with feed products, creating a combination of product strength. Meanwhile, the company has been investing in aquatic seedlings in countries like Viet Nam, Indonesia, etc.
In 2023, the company realized an operating income of 1.1 billion yuan, an increase of about 5% compared to the previous year.
The company produced about 4.6 million pigs in 2023, an increase of about 44% in the same year. The company produced pigs in 2023, with good results in breeding, fertility, etc.
In aquaculture, the company's main farm species are raw fish and special shrimp products, which generated about $1.4 billion in operating income during the reporting period. The company's industrial shrimp farming is steadily advancing, and team expertise is increasing.
The business model is gradually being confirmed. In the future, the company’s farm business will sell less \triangleright than expected, the price volatility of raw materials, such as fish powder and corn beans, at the risk of controlling and controlling the size of the investment.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.