Sea Grand Group (002311.sz): Forage business, 29 April 2024.
The event: the company published its annual report 2023 and its quarterly report 2024, which it collected throughout the year 2023.
q1 achieved business income of $23,172 million, yoy-0.80 per cent, net profit of the mother of $861 million and yoy111 per cent.
The company has achieved production in priority aquaculture areas throughout the country.
The fall in corporate income of q1 is mainly due to a sharp fall in the price of bulk feed and a subsequent fall in the price of feed sales. The company’s profitability has risen steadily, with a 24q1 Māori sales rate, net interest rates Debt payments and cross-equity presentations:
Farming costs continue to be optimized, with light assets plus lock profits operating well. In pig farming, the company has been producing 4.6 million pigs for 23 years, team specialization continues to improve, and livestock indicators are being optimized and nurtured.
The annual yield at the end of the 52-week stock price range rose by 26 per cent, and the survival rate at the fertility side increased to more than 97.5 per cent; the company stomped on the operating model of “outsourcing pig, company + family farm, locking in profits, hedge risk”, with the model.
In aquaculture, there is a steady increase in corporate stock/salea shares and in the pattern and specialization of shrimp farming, which is limited to low prices in the raw fish market, throughout the year.
In our view, the core cost advantage of a company ' s multi-dimensional construction will continue to protect the company ' s main feed business.
The company’s profit forecasts and investment ratings: we think that the company’s main feed business has grown steadily during the reporting period, and that it has grown steadily.
Quantified performance is a drag on performance, and the city is expected to improve gradually, and the long-term development trend is expected to improve.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Big China Group (002311.sz): Forage operations, the performance of q1 has increased significantly in the sub-sectors of Xianxyz-month, feed-motion, pet food, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.