Neptune's high-growth year began with a strong focus on the company, the smart-flying creature, the smart-flying creature, and the event of 300122.
Three-quarterly reports were released, with companies earning $769 million in business income in the first three quarters, and $280 million in non-net profits, an increase of 7951.12 per cent over the previous three quarters.
During the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved operating income of $769 million, representing an increase of 181.46 per cent in comparison with the previous three quarters, and a net profit of $285 million, representing an increase of 4118.66 per cent in relation to the previous three quarters of the year; net profit of $280 million was deducted, Niezhen was reborn after the seedling incident (net profit of $32.52 million in 16 years), and the production and sales business was comprehensive.
Recovering, growth comes mainly from the sale of the company ' s 3-supreme ac-hib, and, as the first year of the sale of the 3-supplies, the sales of the 3s are far from reaching their peak and are expected to be sold in the future at around a billion dollars.
The outbreak of growth is only the starting point, and the high rate of growth in the next few years will continue without taking into account the preventive microcards in the Department's current R & D pipeline and the forthcoming approval of the proxy five-value rotational disease.
Quarterly reports maintain a high rate of growth, with a strong interest in the company's future release, the first four-priced hpv has been cleared, and the signing of a supplementary extension agreement highlights the company's failure to report in Quantico (300122): high performance.
(1) The first four-priced hpv vaccine has recently completed its import clearance and has begun to issue a request for approval for the advance evaluation of the Chi Fei Bios (300122) report: please report in progress.
"Integration Review of the Twilight Bios (300122): Agent hpv provides that the approval will be completed in about 60 working days, and we expect the company to be finally approved and share the 100 billion blue sea market in the future" 05.23.
The four-priced Hpv vaccine can be marketed in December of this year, at least early next year, so 18 years must be a full year of Hpv vaccine sales. The four-priced Hpv vaccine pre-marketing is also progressing steadily.
Four provinces (direct city of Chongqing and Heilongjiang) have won the bid. Other provinces have submitted or are preparing to submit tender information in accordance with the progress of the bid process in each province. The successful filing and issuance of the first Hpv vaccine will also facilitate the bidding process in individual provinces.
On 2 September, the company signed a Supply, Distribution and Co-Exprofiling Agreement with Mercado to supplement the financial and intellectual growth of the East.
Twissman (300122): The launch of the New Year of Rebirth and High Growth, with a strong look at the signing of the Hpv contract, shows that the company's expectations for future Hpv sales are good, and that the company's performance will increase significantly as the exclusive agent's Hpv vaccine is marketed.
According to the National Statistical Office, in 2015, the number of women in the 20-45 age group is about 280 million, and the current price of Gatar's three needles is around $2,400, with a potential market size of about 140 billion assuming a 20% vaccination rate in the future. Given the country's huge market space, we expect sales to reach around $3 billion in the first year, which will make a huge contribution to company performance.
The company has recently obtained a clinical batch of “15-priced pneumonia combined vaccine” and has been authorized to conduct clinical trials. Infants and young children are in a critical situation of pneumococcal infection, and according to WHO, 1.6 million people worldwide die each year from pneumococcal infections, 460,000 of whom are infants and young children; about 1.74 million per year in the country.
Children suffer from severe pneumococcal infections, of which 30,000 die (equivalent to 1 child every 17 minutes).
In this case, Ji Fei chose the top 15 serotypes in Asia, which are better suited for vaccination. The company is expected to complete clinical trials within two to three years, when marketing will be another major species to protect the company’s continued high-speed growth.
4. A strong expectation of a five-priced rotation on the market, heavy weight product prevention microcalculation of the late clinical end of microcarda, company-developed pipelines and multiple diagnostic reagents in nodules at the end of clinical iii or declared production stage: 1) pre-clinic iii, which is expected to be replaced by price advantages in the future by the current methods used in the market for gamma jammers; 2) prevention
Microcard is at the end of the clinical iii period and is expected to declare production during the year, with great potential for the market. The number of cases of tuberculosis in the country is second in the category of A and B infectious diseases, and in some areas there are even 20% of the population with germs, with a prevalence rate of almost 5%. In the current market, when BCG prevention is ineffective, it is expected to be strong. 3) The agent’s five-priced virus vaccine is expected to be on the market.
Incidents. Rotary viruses are the primary cause of severe acute gastrointestinal inflammation among infants and young children. Every year, about 10 million infants and young children are affected by cyclic infections and gastrointestinal inflammation, about a quarter of children under the age of two, are the leading cause of severe diarrhoea among infants and young children. We expect that once the five-priced mellow virus is on the market, we will quickly take over the market on the basis of an immuno-price advantage, based on the current sales of single-priced mellows in Lanzhou (15 years on the basis of an authorization).
And $107, which will continue to give companies a “highly recommended” rating. Looking at the company’s future development, 17 years will be the beginning of an explosive growth in corporate performance, and preventing future sales of heavy-pound products such as microcards will open up further room for company growth, while future growth in corporate performance will be sustained.
The source of the financial boom in the East. The sale of the triple seedlings was lower than expected; the sale of the HPv vaccine was lower than expected; the impact of industrial events on the source of the financial boom in the East.
Ji Fei Bian (300122): The New Year of Rebirth and High Growth was launched, with a strong interest in the future growth of the company, the financial and intellectual growth of the East, the head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of portfolio research experience, three years of pharmaceutical industry work experience.
B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Economics, and King's Business School, Beijing University. Previous positions in Galactic Stock Company, China, and the People's Research Assistant, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Xiamen University, and formerly in Tianxian Pharmaceutical Group, Inc., December 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.