The four-priced hpv is fast-tracked and continues to be strong, looking at the company's future sexual growth, smart-flying creatures.
On November 9, the company's exclusive agent, Mossadon's four-priced Hpv vaccine, was awarded the Qualifying Certificate for Biological Products, issued by the National Directorate for the Supervision of Food Medicines.
The four-priced hpv vaccine was approved by the National Directorate of Food Supervision on 22nd September, and the first product was approved by the Customs of Imported Medicines on 18th September.
Then it is sent to the China Central Court of Justice for approval, which, according to the general provisions of the Biological Distribution Regulations, will be issued for approximately 60 working days, only less than two months, which is much more than expected by the market.
It is expected that the company will move quickly to the market. The company has now won the bid in six provinces, including Henan, Yunnan, Chongqing, and Heilongjiang, while several others are in the publicity phase.
The company's performance grew at a high rate in the first three quarters, and the company's production and sales after the vaccine incident.
The launch of the high-growth year, a strong look at the future of the company, a sign of the official launch of the year, a strong look at the future of the company.
We believe that the eruption of growth after the valley is only the starting point, and that the high rate of growth in the coming years will continue without taking into account the precautionary microcards in the company's current R & D pipeline and the forthcoming approval of the "Increment in the Wi-Fi Biologicals" (300122):
"Inspection of the event of the wise-flying creature (300122): agent hpv 2, hpv has a potentially large market for vaccines, re-signing a supplementary agreement to show the company's confidence in the future.
The number of women in the age group is about 280 million, and the current price of the Ghatar three needles is around $240 billion. Given the country’s huge market space, we expect to earn about $3 billion in the first year of sales, which will make a huge contribution to the company’s performance.
On September 2nd, the company's financial and intellectual growth in the East (300122): a four-priced hpv was issued quickly and continues to be a strong indicator of the company's future sexual growth.
The supplementary agreement on supply, distribution and co-extension agreements was signed with Meshadong on the basis of the original agreement, which further clarified the procurement duration and quantity of the four-priced hpv: in June 2017-2021, the base procurement volume was $542 million, 1,372 million, $1,784 million and $2,230 million, respectively, representing a significant increase in volume and an extension of the firm ' s exact procurement period.
Hpv sales are expected to increase company performance significantly further as the exclusive agent's Hpv vaccine is marketed.3 Five-priced rotations are expected to be strong, heavy weight products are prevented from the clinical tailings of the microcalca haveda, companies are well developed and many of the products are in clinical ii end or declared production stage: 1) diagnostic reagents in nodules,
Prior to the iii phase of the clinical process, it is expected to replace the current use of gamma disruptors in the market with a price advantage; (2) prevention microcards are at the end of the clinical iii period and production is expected to be declared during the year, with great market potential. The number of cases of tuberculosis in the country is second in the category of A and B infectious diseases, with 20% of the population in certain areas, with a prevalence rate close to 5%.
In February of this year, the priority review process was launched, with approvals in 17 years being an approximate event. Rotavirus is the leading cause of severe acute gastrointestinal inflammation among infants and young children. Every year, about 10 million infants and young children are infected with cycling virus and intestinal inflammation, about a quarter of all children under 2 years of age, which is the leading cause of severe diarrhoea among infants and young children.
Once the Hmong is on the market, it will quickly take over the market based on an immuno-price advantage, and based on the current sales of the single-priced rota virus in Lanzhou (US$1.75 billion in 15 years based on the volume of the batches), sales are expected to reach at least 1 billion in size. And $107, which will continue to give companies a “highly recommended” rating.
Year-on-year, and future prevention of the marketing of heavy-pound products, such as microcards, will open up further room for company growth, while future growth in company performance will be lower than expected, Hpv vaccine sales will be lower than expected, industry events will influence Eastern financial booms.
East financial and intellectual sources, Ji Fei Bian (300122): Super-expected quick issuance of a four-price hpv, which continues to be a strong indicator of the company's future sexual growth, head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of portfolio research experience, three years of pharmaceutical industry work experience.
B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Economics, and King's Business School, Beijing University. Previous positions in Galactic Stock Company, China, and the People's Research Assistant, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Xiamen University, and formerly in Tianxian Pharmaceutical Group, Inc., December 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.