Ac-hib 3G sales meet expectations. o3 companies collect, return their net profits, deduct their net profits at 324 million, 113 million, 111 million.
With the exception of company sales of type II seedlings back on track, performance has increased significantly. The sale of the ac-hib vaccine portfolio has increased steadily, to over 1.5 million, with an estimated annual sales rate of 4 million, contributing more than $800 million and a profit of $400 million.
After the recovery of \triangleright, the company stepped up its outreach efforts. To benefit from the increase in revenue, the sales and management cost rates decreased significantly from last year. Accounts payable increased by 454.06 per cent, mainly for imported agent products purchased during the period and increased payments due to suppliers.
As a result, the resumption of sales has also contributed to a significant increase of 1518.64 per cent in cash flow for business activities. The Hpv vaccine has been placed on the market, and the Hpv vaccine, which has been developed with a heavy weight product of piped production, is in the process of being issued in bulk.
In the provinces of Jiangxi and Sichuan, the promotion is progressing well; on 2 September, the company and the city of Mossadong signed; in addition, the 15-priced combination of pneumococcal vaccine was clinically approved, as compared to the 23-priced multi-sugar and 13-priced combination of seedlings, with advantages applicable to younger children and serotypes suitable for the country's population, and is expected to provide greater performance elasticity in the future.
Biannual evaluation of the smart-flying organisms (300122): performance in line with expectations and growth in the expansion of core products
The sale of the ac-hib triple seedlings was lower than expected: Hpv vaccine sales were lower than expected.
In-depth report by Ji Fei Bian (300122): The whole industry chain, heavy-pound products for the future. Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.