Three-quarterly reports maintain a high rate of growth, with a strong interest in the company's future.
After the 16-year Shandong vaccine incident, zhangjy@dxzq.net.cn stagnated the company ' s sales operations and performed at a low level, earning $6,761,300 in the first three quarters of 16 years, while the company ' s announcement projected a surplus in the first three quarters.
The full recovery of operations was mainly due to the sale of the company ' s triple seedlings, ac-hib, and, in the first year of sale as a triple seedling, the sales peak was far from being reached, with a projected future sales volume of around 10 million (about 4 million in 17 years).
A strong look at the future of the company, and we believe that the eruption of growth after the valley is only the beginning, and that the high growth will continue in the coming years, without taking into account the preventive microcards in the pipeline that the company is currently developing and the forthcoming approval of the proxy five-priced virus vaccine, we anticipate.
Marketed sales will further open up room for companies to grow. Quite a few comments in WikiLeaks (300122): high performance 2, heavy weighting of products in R & D pipelines, 15-priced pneumoconiosis received clinical batches.
The company has recently received a clinical batch entitled "A 15-price combination of pneumonia vaccine", and has been authorized to conduct a clinical process.
Tests. Infants and young children are in a critical situation of pneumococcal infection. WHO estimates that every year the world is finally approved to share 100 billion blue sea markets in the future. 05.23 1.6 million people die of pneumococcal infection, 460,000 of them infants and young children; every year in our country.
Some 1.74 million children are suffering from severe pneumococcal infections, of which 30,000 die (equivalent to 1 child every 17 minutes). 23 valent pneumoccal multi-sugar vaccine and 13 valent pneumococcal combination vaccine are currently on the market and only 23 valent pneumoccal vaccine.
For infants over two years of age, and for a shorter period of protection. The 13 price can be used as a child under two years of age, for a long time, but mainly for 13 advantage types that have been developed in Europe and the United States, with an advantage sero-type coverage in Asia being lower than in Europe and America.
Ji-fik chose the top 15 serotypes of the Asian region to be better suited for vaccination. The company is expected to complete clinical trials within 2-3 years, when marketing will be another major species.
East's financial and intellectual boom, Ji Fei Bian (300122): Keeping up with high growth for the third quarter, strongly watching the company's future development and protecting the company's continued rapid growth.
The first four-priced Hpv vaccine has recently completed its import clearance and will allow for a request for approval. According to the Biological Products Distribution Management Scheme, the issuance of clearances by the Central Inspection Agency will be completed in about 60 working days, and we expect companies to be able to market the four-priced Hpv vaccine as soon as possible in December this year.
At least early next year, 18 years must be a full year for Hpv vaccines. The sales of Hpv vaccines at the four-priced level have been steadily increasing, with four provinces in Henan, Yunnan, Chongqing, Heilongjiang (direct city) winning the bid. Other provinces have submitted or are preparing to submit tender information in line with the progress of the provinces. The successful filing and issuance of the first Hpv vaccines will also help individual provinces in the bidding process.
Around the dollar, the potential market size is about 140 billion if the next 20% vaccination rate is assumed. Given the country’s huge market space, we expect sales to reach about $3 billion in the first year, which will make a huge contribution to the company’s performance.
The company has extensive research and development pipelines and many of the products are in clinical ii end or declared production stage: 1) diagnostic reagents in nodules, prior to which the iii phase of clinical treatment is under way and which are expected to replace the gamma disruptor detection methods currently in use in the market with price advantages; 2) Prevention micro-cards are in clinical ii end and production is expected to be declared during the year, with great market potential.
Two, or even 20%, of the germic population in some areas, with a prevalence rate of almost 5%. The current market uses BCG, with a low level of prevention, with a billion grades. 3) Proximity five-priced metrovirus vaccine is expected to be highly available. Priority review process in February this year, with an approximate rate of approval in 17 years. Rotavirus is the primary cause of severe acute gastrointestinal infestation among infants and young children. About 10 million infants are infected with metrovirus every year.
Gastrointestinal inflammation, which accounts for about one fourth of infants under the age of two, is the leading cause of severe diarrhoea among infants and young children. We expect that once the five-priced mellow virus virus is on the market, it will quickly take over the market with an immuno-price advantage, and that, based on the current sales of the single-priced mellow virus in Lanzhou (1.75 billion yuan in 15 years on the basis of an approved volume), sales are also expected to reach a level of 1 billion.
And $1.07 to continue to give companies a “highly recommended” rating. And look at the company’s future development, 17 years will be the initial year of an upsurge in corporate performance, and future marketing of heavy-pound products like microcards will open up further opportunities for company growth.
The source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the smart-flying creature (300122): maintaining a high rate of growth in the third quarter, with a strong interest in the future of the company.
Head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of portfolio research experience and three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. First team chief researcher in the crystal ball in 2016, seventh core member in the new wealth team in 2015, third core member in the crystal ball team in 2015. Master of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics at Beijing University, and Master of Economics at Kings Business College in three years.
Research assistant, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Xiamen, formerly employed in Tianxien Pharmaceuticals Group Inc.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.