On 28 November, the company and American Health jointly announced the signing of an agreement to establish a national network of adult vaccination clinics and to promote the allocation and operation of cervical cancer vaccines in specialized medical centres, including qualification clearance, quality control and control.
In the short term: Jatarius has a high degree of convergence with the medically examined population, but the medical examination channels are used for the clearance of vaccinations for the second type of disease.
The company's agent's Hpv 4-priced Hpv vaccine is for people aged 20-45, and this group is also the main client group in the health check-up business. The high overlap of the client population helps the company to help the Hpv epidemic with the advantages of the American health check-up business (cancer screening), brand efficiency, precision data, super-flow entry, etc.
However, now that the Year is not qualified for type II vaccinations, the two sides will use their respective resources to help them apply for type II vaccination qualifications from local authorities and set up adult vaccination clinics.
Long term: The layout of the company's adult vaccines and diagnostic reagents is expected to open up a medical examination outside the path to control the disease \triangleright 4-priced hpv vaccine, which has been in progress since its approval, and the first needle was administered on November 13th in Chongqing.
Year Health plans to set up an adult vaccination clinic at a medical examination centre under the flag for the Hpv vaccination service, opening up new marketing channels for the Hpv vaccine.
Rapid release is expected to be achieved by means of a medical examination, and sales costs have increased slightly, without changing the profit forecast for Katarina, which, based on the current winning price of the Hpv vaccine of about $800, is expected to be in the range of $120-150.
As a result, the company’s projected sales costs are transferred to the health of the United States Year, which will be distributed directly to the United States Year’s inoculation sites. The company’s projected Hpv seedlings of 4.5 million, 6 million, 7.5 million between 2018 and 2020 will contribute 540 million, 720 million and 900 million dollars.
The company’s collaboration with America’s health has had remarkable synergies, opening up new channels for the distribution of Hpv vaccines, which are expected to be 23 x in the future, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
The sales of Hpv vaccines are below expectations in the industry-wide chain, with heavy-pound products for the future.
The vaccine has been approved for certification and is expected to be reported in the near future:
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.