On October 22, 2017, the company announced operating income of 2017q1-3 to reach $769 million, which is a year-on-year increase.
Three-quarterly report sales meet expectations, and three-quarterly reports are expected to support 400 million net profits throughout the year. Benefiting from the revival of the vaccine industry and the release of company products, three-quarterly reports continue to record high growth rates.
According to our calculations, the Ac-hib triple seedlings of the Twissman 201.7q1-3 are sold at about 2.8 million and, at the current rate of delivery, we expect the sale of the three seedlings to be sold at 4 million left and right throughout the year. According to the data from the China and China Bureau, the batch of the company ' s Triple seed product 201.7q1-3 is issued at over 3.38 million.
Together with previous sales and batch data projections, the company currently has more than 3 million stock of 3-to-20% of the stock, which supports the annual profits of 400 million on a sustainable basis. Waiting for a four-priced Hpv in 2018 and a five-priced virus vaccine is expected to be approved in 2017.
The month is in the process of being issued, and the market is expected to be marketed early in 2018. We measure the average age of the Hpv vaccine at a four-price rate of nearly 65 million, assuming a penetration rate of 7 to 10%, and the sales peak can reach a net profit of 100 million. In addition, the company's agent, Moshalton, has entered the market in December 2016.
Priority review sequences are expected to be approved in 2017. Only the first generation of single-priced hrv live vaccines produced in Lanzhou is currently on the market, with an estimated sales value of 1.3 billion. Moshalton's oral five-priced rotavirus.
The research and development of multiple heavy-pound varieties, such as 15-priced pneumonia combined with vaccines, the company's research and development of pipeline reserves, the injection of cow branch bacterium (preventive) and diagnostic reagents in the nodules have entered the clinical stage of the iii phase, with a market space of over 1 billion Fawds and Songné dysentery combining.
The combination of home pneumonia and vaccines (a Pfizer that sells more than $6 billion globally, better suited to Asians, and is expected to be more than 5 billion varieties) is a clinical batch of heavy products. The rich research product continues to grow, and the strong marketing team of the company’s companies are expected to sustain its medium- and long-term growth.
Wide evidence Helium-Wind evidence Helium-Intelligent (300122)- in-depth reports - powerful marketing networks with multiple heavy-pound varieties, wide evidence Helium-Verification Report - research and development innovations to stimulate the industry
Development, heavy-pound vaccine triggering the 10 billion market - 2017.07.19 address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City