Deepening variety restructuring and increasing research and development of high-end products \triangleright remarks: stable sales and increased R & D inputs
\triangleright 1 sales equal, with a small drop in exports. In 2024, the company sold 18,89 million tons of steel, compared to
The research assistant Fancheng spent 1.885 billion yuan, an increase of 88 million yuan, and a reduction of 157 million yuan in the ring. The core point for the future is to deepen the diversification of varieties and increase the development of high-end products.
\triangleright 1. Tsingt steel (000708.sz) 3-quarter 2024 reporting points deepen variety restructuring and high end products shape resilience. In 2024, the company held tight on the bearings, the new one.
Q: q3 performance is under pressure, product structure is continuously optimized, industry development opportunities such as 2024/Energy automobiles are being actively adapted, priority branded product bearing steel sales are 6% higher than in the same year; energy steel sales are at an all-time high.
Ten thousand tons, with an annual plan of 103 per cent, an increase of 10 per cent from the same year. Two-high and one-high products have re-created and increased research and development on key technologies, targeting cutting-edge technologies. Companies have focused on the development of large-scale wind power, high iron, aeronautical, 3d printing, robotics, etc., with bearing steel, gear steel, high-temperature alloys, special stainless steel, super-high.
In mid-2023, Sino-Chinese steel (000708.sz) reported an export volume of luxurious litres, q2 performance resilience, strong steel, corrosion resistant tubes, antibacterial tubes, high-end products such as seawork tubes, and “deep ground”
Special equipment such as “Deep Ocean”, “Electricity”, “Major engineering”, critical steel materials needed in the area of national strategy.
Materials such as straight-line guidance tracks, pullers, etc., have been delivered in bulk. Profit predictions and investment proposals: higher-end company sales increase, industrial layout optimized, we anticipate \triangleright
\triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.