The global titanium industry is the leading industry, with the cost advantage passing through the industry cycle.
$10505231001 for global titanium industry chain integration with 1.51 million tonnes of titanium powder production/year, and 80,000 tonnes of sponge titanium production/year, the largest titanium powder and titanium production in the world
Producers, and also the world’s third largest producer of titanium powder, China’s first-largest chlorinated method. The company forms a full-scale titanium mine, titanium powder, titanium or titanium derivatives by providing its own raw materials such as titanium ore or sulphate or sulphate, as well as extended titanium or derivatives.
Links, strong integration advantages, and a strong ability to travel through the industry cycle. The most powerful moats of the industry’s lowest-cost construction companies, which in recent years have managed to access titanium through the acquisition and acquisition of upstream titanium mining companies and extended downstream products.
The entire metal chain, the construction of vertically integrated production models, the construction of peer-to-peer pits to protect the river at the cost of rivals. The company's upstream titanium-rich mines produce 1.72 million tons of annual capacity, all of which are produced as raw materials for downstream production, and the industry.
At the same time, as the company's titanium mineral expands to about 2.5 million tons in 2025, and the company's strategic collaboration with Sichuan Resources Group, the company's strategic collaboration with Sichuan Resources Group is still guaranteed.
The company's titanium self-sufficiency rate is rising, and titanium powder costs are expected to go further.
The average annual corporate red rate is 72% and the lowest rate is over 55%; the company is at the bottom of the cycle, the bottom of the profit pool plus the bottom of the valuation, while at the same time there is a substantial increase in the price of the titanium powder industry, which has been in general deficit in the industry for more than two years.
At the bottom of the cycle, companies still get a solid cycle bottom profit based on cost advantages, while capital markets kill the bottom of the valuation, giving markets a rare three-fold bottom investment opportunity. In 2025, companies will double their own titanium concentrates from 2023.
Over the next two years, some 250,000 tons of un digested titanium powder production will continue to contribute to the growth of the company’s future performance. The company’s main industry, titanium powder, has recovered, while the new energy materials business has steadily increased.
Economic downside risks; risk of high volatility in product prices; project construction less than expected.
In 2016, the company acquired a dragon platinum group, and in 2021 it changed its name to a two-wheel-drive development model of expansion and endogenous growth.
The company developed several cutting-edge technologies, such as synthetic gold diamonds, sulphur chloride coupling and the green economy model.
Production, management, self-constructed high-quality products covering titanium, zirconium, zirconium, iron and thallium as the few suppliers of titanium powder with both sulphate and chlorination processes in the industry, group-run titanium powder production of 1.51 million tonnes/year, the world's largest producer of titanium sulphate, the world's third largest and China's first-largest chlorination method titanium.
The company will continue to upgrade titanium mineral and titanium powder. The company has made breakthroughs in titanium resource development, new energy battery materials, intellectual manufacturing, circular economy. The company now has phosphate iron production capacity of 100,000 tons/year, and phosphate lithium production.
50,000 tonnes/year, graphite with an extremely productive capacity of 25,000 tonnes/year, and graphite with a productive capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year. The stock structure of the company controlled by the company’s stockholders is stable and smooth. According to the company announcement, 26.25% of the shares held by the company’s former chairman and the firm owner, Mr. Xu Gang, will be inherited by her daughter, Ms. Xu Jin, and her minor son, respectively, by 20.95/5.30%.
Before his son reached the age of 18, the full rights of his son’s shares were exercised on her behalf, with Ms. Xu’s combined share holding 26.25% voting rights. The voting rights of the company had not changed significantly before the succession, and the equity structure remained stable.
“Project construction” and “Match-and-Speech” are two-wheel drives, with titanium powder contributing the main performances. The increased capacity of titanium powder, sponge titanium, phosphate iron production, and increasing capacity use have led to sustained growth in corporate income.
The company’s overall Māori ratio rose from 18.13% in 2014 to 18.13% for titanium powder, higher prices for iron concentrates, higher sales of titanium powder, and improved company Māori rates and profit margins. The company’s current rates are reasonable, and asset-liability rates are expected to fall.
The titanium powder industry: optimized supply structure, export pull demand, promising future entry into the supply-demand balance The chemical name of titanium powder is titanium dioxide and the molecular formula is tio2, known for its excellent white pigment performance.
The substance displays high refraction rates, the desired particle range distribution, and excellent shielding and coloring power. Compared to many other inorganic paints, titanium powder has the advantages of high stability, non-toxicity, and cost-effectiveness, which have led to widespread application in a wide range of fields, such as paint, plastics, paper, printed ink, rubber, etc.
At the crystal structure level, titanium dioxide is presented in three different types of crystallized forms: sharp titanium mine (thin titanium type), gold redstone (goldite type) and titanium tabletite mine (slate titanium type). The sharp titanium ore type and gold redstone type are often used as white paints because of their high refraction rate, which can efficiently disperse visible light and form a protective layer on the attached surface to slow colour degradation.
They are usually classified as pigments-grade titanium powder. In particular, the titanium powder is better chemically stable and more photoglytic than the titanium mine, with better cover and tolerance, higher end product patterns, mainly for advanced indoor coatings, high-resilient outdoor coatings, plastics, paints, photovoltaic materials.
Damaged performance is widely used in interior decorative coatings, wear-resistant coatings, and paper-making. The non-paint grade titanium titanium powder is used mainly in specific areas such as dry titanium, welding, titanium metal extraction, and photovoltaic materials.
The main use of titanium powder in the structure of demand at the Geological Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chinese securities, is in paint manufacturing, which accounts for 58% of the total downstream demand. In the area of paint, the demand for building paint dominates, accounting for 23.78% of the demand.
The demand for industrial paints and car paints is not negligible, accounting for 9.28% and 8.12%, respectively. Categorized by absolute economies, titanium powder is a small segment of the economy, but its use is related to the national economy.
The price volatility of titanium powder is due to changes in the activity of its downstream industrial chain. In recent years, the land-chain landscape associated with titanium powder has been less than expected, leading to an overall downward trend in the consumption of titanium powder.
The apparent consumption of titanium powder increased by 31% on a year-on-year basis, and the price of titanium powder in China showed a shock after it hit bottom in 2023, with a high global concentration of titanium powder. The global total capacity of titanium powder was about 9.8 million tons.
At present, the six leading manufacturers of the global titanium industry include the Longing Group, Chemours, Tenor (including its acquisition of Kost), Connors, Vanator, and Central Titanite, which account for about 52% of global capacity. Of these, the Longingoon Group is the world’s leading producer of 1.51 million tons of annual capacity, accounting for about 52% of global capacity.
In terms of new capacity, China is the main growth point, while the capacity of overseas manufacturers is shrinking. According to the United States Geological Survey, in 2000, China’s titanium powder production was only 450,000 tons, or about 1% of global capacity.
In 2022, China’s titanium powder production increased to 5 million tons, surpassing, for the first time, its combined overseas capacity (4.4 million tons), bringing China’s share of global capacity to about 53%. Over the course of these two decades, China has grown from a latecomer in a titanium industry to a leader in the industry.
In the international market, titanium powder production abroad has been more than 4 million tons since 2000, but in recent years there has been a lack of willingness to upgrade and obsolete technology and equipment, making it difficult to deal effectively with environmental pollution problems. At the same time, these capacities are subject to strict environmental policies and significant environmental stress.
Countries like Mexico, the United Kingdom, and Australia, with the exception of Mexico, which is a developed country, have relatively high labour costs. Together with recent years of global economic downturns, geopolitical energy crises, and tensions in Europe, they have contributed to the gradual exit of overseas production from the market.
In March of the same year, Komum also decided to shut down his 76,000 tons of titanium powder production, located in Japan’s four-day city. With China’s new production failure, it is expected that overseas production capacity will accelerate and China’s dominance in the global titanium industry will be further consolidated.
Domestic production is still planned, but the increase is limited in the future. In 2023, the country produced about 5.89 million tons of titanium powder, which is expected to grow by 700,000 tons per year in 2024 and 840,000 tons in 2025. While there are now more planned new capacity in industry, most of the new capacity has been added after more than two years of industry down-cycles, especially in the current industry, where there is a general loss.
After being stranded or even withdrawn, some businesses are facing a loss-or-loss-of-product situation. National policy has tightened the new titanium powder sulphate project, which currently accounts for 69% and 62% of the new capacity in two years, and the sulphate line may be transformed or suspended due to cost and environmental policy implications, so there are many gaps in the new capacity.
As a result, it can be expected that the pace of new production of titanium powder will slow when the indicators of stock in the industry are exhausted. Domestic titanium production patterns show a “too much more than one.”
This is followed by the Chinese titanium, with a share of 9%. Apart from that, none of the other manufacturers have a market share of more than 5%. Industry cr5 has reached 46.29%, but there is a large number of small-scale producers with an annual output of less than 100,000 tonnes, and the presence of small-scale producers provides the opportunity for the top to expand market share through mergers and acquisitions.
The titanium line, with the phase-out of less than 20,000 tons, is expected to gradually release 6.89 per cent of the production capacity, with the industrial head-to-headization effect of 2.2, on the demand side: improved domestic demand, exports into new growth poles, positive growth for five consecutive months since the beginning of the year, with our plastic production declining by 42.01 million tons in July.
The down-stream industry of titanium powder is gradually emerging from a depression that is expected to lead to an improvement in the demand for titanium powder. The paint industry is also turning around, with the price index (ppi) for industrial products from our paint industry falling in August 2023, ending its 19-month-long unilateral downswing since the end of 2021 and gradually recovering in the following month.
In July 2024, the coating pi returned to 97.4, indicating that the country ' s paint demand was gradually warming, that companies ' pricing capacity was rising, that market confidence was regaining, that there had been a slight improvement in the area of new construction and sales, and that the housing market was likely to recover. According to July 2024, China ' s housing stock in 2024.
The cumulative completion of investment in real estate development was RMB 6.09 trillion, a 10% decline in the same year, a sharper decline than the previous half-year decline. The housing start-up fell by 23.2% per year, sales by 18.6% per year, and the decline was small. After two years of adjustment, the housing affordability of the residents has risen significantly.
For residents, the pressure to buy a home relative to their income has been significantly reduced. Specifically, in cities at all levels, there has been a limited decline in first-line housing prices after 2021, and in two or three or four-line cities, the rate is declining at an accelerated rate.
Figure 26: Income ratio of housing in 100 cities nationwide Figure 27: Changes in income ratio of urban housing by class (%) New real estate policy or domestic demand recovery. 17 May 2024, People’s Bank of China, General Director of State Financial Supervision
The Bureau co-authored a number of housing buyouts, including the adjustment of interest rates on mortgages, the lowering of interest rates on public funds, and the lowering of the down payment rate. Under the New Deal, the down payment rate for the first/two housing units was reduced from 20/30% to 15/25%, and the down payment rate for the first home has been reduced to its lowest level in history.
Local state firms acquire stock houses for sale or rental-type secure housing. Other home-purchase support measures, such as a year-on-year reduction in lpr’s interest rate on loans and a lower interest rate on the public reserve, are expected to stimulate real estate consumption.
Emerging-market economies are becoming new growth poles of titanium powder consumption. Since 2022, China’s main export destination countries have maintained steady economic growth, despite the multiple factors that have affected economic growth in overseas countries, such as the epidemic, geopolitical tensions, and the global economic downturn, which have led to a similar decline in the consumption of titanium overseas.
China’s exports of titanium are mainly directed to emerging economies such as India, Brazil, Turkey, Viet Nam, and Indonesia, which have strong potential for economic growth. In 2023, China’s eight major export destination countries, with the exception of South Korea, which grew by 1.36 per cent, and Brazil by 2.91 per cent, which grew by more than 3 per cent.
In the case of India, China’s largest exporter of titanium powder, the country’s gdp has grown faster than the world’s percentage points in the past decade, and the gap is growing year by year. The booming economies of emerging economies have led to large amounts of construction and increased demand for products such as paint and paint.
These factors together contribute to the growth of titanium powder consumption. According to statistics, the size of the titanium powder market in India in 2023 was approximately 2.46 million metric tons, with a projected compound growth rate of 4.06% between 2024 and 2029, the market is in the long term, and in 2022, thanks to strong demand from emerging economies abroad, the volume of titanium powder exports has increased significantly, showing a new trend.
In 2023, the titanium powder market recovered as a whole, the export price rose, and our share of exports increased steadily. In 2023, our average monthly exports of titanium powder amounted to 137,000 tons, an increase of almost 20,000 tons. In 2024, our exports of titanium powder remained stable.
Although global consumption of titanium is weak, the main exporters of titanium powder are emerging economies with economic growth. These economies have strong economic growth and large margins of growth, partly offset by global consumption failure to match our titanium powder.
In 2023, the EU, India, and Brazil launched anti-dumping investigations against titanium powder from China, which together affected our titanium exports by 37.58%. On 13 June, the EU issued a temporary tariff on titanium powder from China.
Preliminary opinion: 39.7% tariff on the Song Group and its subordinates; 14.4% tax on the titanium industry (medium and nuclear titanium); 35% duty on cooperative list companies; 39.7% duty on other companies. On July 13, the EU announced the results of its initial titanium powder cut-off, which remains the same. The domestic titanium powder industry is now actively responding.
We export about 260,000 tons of titanium powder annually to the European Union, accounting for about 15.62% of our titanium powder exports and a larger share of exports. And with more titanium powder production in the European Union region, there is a low level of pressure to launch anti-dumping investigations against titanium powder in China.
By contrast, India and Brazil have had relatively little pressure on anti-dumping checks because of low domestic titanium powder production and high dependence on China’s imports of titanium powder. China’s titanium powder industry has already come up against anti-dumping investigations.
In 2016, industry and industry successfully countered anti-dumping investigations from the Republic of Korea, with cutting-edge experience in safeguarding legitimate industrial interests and responding to anti-dumping investigations. These successes are expected to help China’s titanium powder industry respond to this anti-dumping investigation.
In August, the titanium powder industry was in the traditional end of the season, with a stock of 22,680,000 tons in the titanium powder weekly market on August 16, a small increase of 0.11 million tons compared to the previous cycle. Sub-season demand, combined with the imposition of EU anti-dumping duties, affected exports, reduced overall market demand, and increased pressure on suppliers to export.
The titanium powder industry has maintained a trend of small bases since its peak in 2022. However, the industry, which has been steadily clearing stocks since its peak in 2022, is still at relatively low levels, the accumulation of stocks has slowed, and it is expected that the titanium powder industry will gradually return to a balance of supply and demand.
On the price side, the price side, influenced by changes in internal and external demand, was depressed. In late month, titanium prices were difficult to maintain, and the leading firms took the lead in making price adjustments, and the manufacturers followed down on August 15 with titanium.
The price was $15150 per ton, a decline of about $900 compared to the beginning of 2024, and a continuing low-bit shock. The current price of titanium powder was no longer able to support the industry’s normal profits, with an average gross profit of $3 per ton in June, hovering on the margins of the gross profit loss. In early July, the industry’s average cost line hit the average price line, and the industry’s average gross profit fell to —400 yuan per ton, further.
The average gross profit fell to $568 per ton in August, reaching its lowest level in recent years. At the firm level, the rate of gross Maori in the industry’s titanium powder plate has declined from year to year.
The titanium industry has moved back to the bottom of the cycle, both in terms of product prices and business performance, and the market’s bottom signal is emerging. The industry’s down seasons are expected to bring prices to a bottom.
In May and June, the average price fell considerably, and after July the situation gradually improved, with prices warming after September. In 2024,7 better than the historical average, the fall in August was further narrowed to -0.02%.
Based on the absolute valuation, the titanium powder index pe (ttm) was 16.56 times higher on 16 August, at a historical split of 14.74%, close to the historical pre-price increase. Taking into account the fixed assets of titanium powder enterprises, upstream distribution areas, extraction plants, and large quantities of production equipment, the valuation was analysed using the pb (lf) method.
The industry’s overall net rate is estimated to be 1.47 times higher, at the historical 0% divide, and has been at the lowest level in history since 2018. Based on the prevailing situation in the titanium powder market, it is expected that the titanium powder market will undergo a gradual shift from supply over supply to demand over supply to demand over the next five years.
3. titanium powder operations: full-scale production of 3.1. Upstream titanium mines, which capture scarce resources, are concentrated in the world. titanium metals are present in nature mainly in the form of titanium ore and gold ore, with titanium in them.
Mines are the main source of titanium extraction, which accounts for about 90% of world titanium mineral consumption. Global titanium resources are rich but unevenly distributed, with more than 2 billion tons of titanium deposits of all types, with the highest proportion of titanium deposits, mainly in Asia, Oceania and Europe, and red diamonds, mainly in Oceania and Asia. According to usgs, global titanium resources are concentrated in China, Australia, and China.
Overall, Australia and India both have larger reserves of titanium ore and gold ore, which dominate the resources. China has the world’s largest deposits of titanium ore, but there are virtually no such reserves.
Global titanium deposits have fallen since they peaked in 2019. According to usgs, from 2012 to 2019, a large number of titanium pulses and mines have been found and detected worldwide, peaked at 940 million tons in 2019, followed by a significant slowdown, and titanium deposits have been maintained at around 740 million tons for nearly four years.
Our supply of titanium has continued to tighten, and our consumption has steadily increased. Over the past three years, the volume of titanium and the rate of start-up has declined year by year, from 9.25 million tons in 2021 to about 8.5 million tons, and the rate of start-up in 2023 is only 71%.
In contrast to the low rate of start-up, there has been a steady increase in the consumption of titanium concentrates, which, according to the data of the Moor of Begawa, amounted to about 7.05 million tons of titanium concentrate in 2022 and 72.4 million tons in 2023, respectively, and has emerged from the decline in 2021, which transcends the nature of scarce resources. It is important that titanium concentrates remain high.
With the subsequent tightening of domestic titanium supply, the gap between the production and demand ends has gradually narrowed, and titanium prices have tended to stabilize, with high and narrow fluctuations between $2,000 and $2,100. The domestic titanium market is expected to remain in a state of balance between supply and demand, and the high price of titanium is expected to continue.
The company has long been working to integrate industrial chains involving upstream titanium ore mining, titanium ore processing, high titanium slag smelting and synthetic redstone production, midstream titanium powder production and other by-product production, and downstream, and an efficient development model driven by expansion and endogenous growth through the acquisition of the Sichuan Dragon and Yunnan metallurgies.
In 2023, the company increased its titanium concentrates by 147.45 million tons. The company now uses its titanium concentrates entirely for downstream titanium production, and the raw materials are growing at a rate consistent with the volume of titanium concentrate.
On 2 August 2024, the company announced that it had recently signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with Sichuan Resources. Under the agreement, the parties would select, produce, trade, share in, and select the iron mine.
In November 2023, Sichuan Resource Group affiliates competed for the right to mining in Sichuan Saltside County, Red Gear South, which is controlled by neighbouring companies. This collaboration is intended to enable companies to contribute to the development of the Red Gnan with technical and production experience.
In this collaboration, companies will continue to contribute scarce resources upstream, leading to an increase in the self-supply of their products. 3.2, titanium powder, the world’s leader, the best sales of products, both within and outside the country, and anti-dumping effects.
In 2023, the company was able to produce 1.51 million tons of titanium powder, ranking it as the world-wide and China-based titanium powder, with 15% and 25% of the market share. Given China’s share of global titanium powder production, which is more than 50%, China has established a dominant industry, the company has a significant presence in the global titanium powder industry.
Figure 52: Status of the corporate industry Figure 53: Structure of corporate titanium powder sales in 2023 (%)
In 2023, the company sold 1158.9 million tons of titanium powder, representing 56.47% of the total sales in the central overseas market. Emerging economies abroad are growing rapidly, with large market space, and are in the direction of the growth of our titanium industry.
In this EU anti-dumping investigation of titanium powder from China, the Group products were singled out for 39.7%. But according to a public company meeting, the total volume of titanium powder exported by companies to EU countries in 2023 was limited.
The EU countries have a limited share of corporate titanium powder sales, so that temporary tariffs imposed will not seriously affect the company’s overall production and business planning. Over 100 countries have the capacity to adjust their production capacity for the EU to other countries to ensure the sale of the company’s products. In order to mitigate the adverse effects of EU anti-dumping investigations,
The company has also developed three response measures, such as offshore construction plants, the restructuring of the industrial chain, and the development of intermediate products, while the company is actively organizing defences with lawyers and industry associations.
At present, titanium powder is prepared with two dominant processes: sulphate and chlorination. The titanium powder production process is a common method of production, based mainly on titanium ore, which is sourized through sulphate, followed by a series of complex processes, such as hydrolysis, burning, disassembly, separation, etc., which eventually separates the solid fluids from the powder product. The sulphate process is me.
The country has a long history of applications, technological maturity and relatively simple equipment, but its shortcomings are also evident, such as high environmental pollution, high emissions and high energy consumption. Sulphur can produce titanium powder of two types: sharp titanium and gold-carbide, but because of the low rate of conversion of sharp titanium to gold-type titanium in the production process, it produces titanium powder of sulphate.
Whiteness and light stability are somewhat less stable than chlorination. By contrast, chlorinated titanium powder production is a relatively new technology, which is highly appreciated by its simple, productive, and less polluting nature. Chlorinated is less commonly used in our country. Chlorinated is mainly based on titanium-rich materials such as natural gold, man-made diamonds, high titanium slags, etc.
The process of oxidation, reprocessing, etc. produces titanium powder. The chlorination process produces titanium powder of high quality, especially in terms of whiteness, masking power, dispersion, and because of its high degree of continuous automation. Energy consumption is relatively low.
According to the Institute of Prospective Industries, in 2022, our titanium powder preparation process was dominated by sulfuric acid, and the legal titanium chlorination system accounted for about 13%, well below the world level of 44%. The titanium powder industry is still the world’s third largest producer of titanium in China, producing titanium chloride in 2023.
38.74 million tons. In 2023, the company ' s share of titanium powder for chlorination was 32.5%, a significant leader in the domestic industry, and a much higher share than near world parity. Higher chlorination was more productive than demonstrated by the company. Cost control was naturally more competitive in pollution control than domestic counterparts using sulphate. Moreover, it was more environmentally friendly in the meso-European industry.
The idea is that supercompatible companies can adjust to the inertia of overseas consumption, and that large-volume chlorinated titanium is expected to help companies maintain an advantage in competition abroad. Technology convergence policy, with no restrictions on expansion.
Since the launch of the Product Guidance Directory (2010 edition), the Government and industry associations have issued documents supporting the construction of new chlorinated titanium powder production lines, strict control of new sulphate production lines, and demand for the gradual removal of highly contaminated titanium powder production. In addition to expanding the chlorinated titanium powder, the company is also forward-looking in the introduction of a new worker for the production of titanium powder for the co-production of parathion titanium.
Art, which effectively controls pollution and depletion in the production of titanium sulphate. According to the Industrial Structural Adjustment Directory (2024 edition), published at the end of 2023, production lines using the cogeneration process are not among the limits on titanium powder production.
Environmental policy limitations. Companies have been able to combine chlorination to produce fine, high-end products and sulfuric acid with low 3.4, vertically integrated production to create the only industry with the lowest cost of industry-wide connectivity. Companies have in recent years acquired and invested in upstream titanium mining enterprises and downstream production.
The company’s upstream titanium mine produces 1.72 million tons per year, all of which are produced as raw materials for downstream products. This makes the company’s material production cost significantly lower than that of its peers.
In August 2023, the industry recorded a single ton profit of 425, the average selling price of titanium powder was $15,534.
The good cost-guarding river allows the company to maintain a considerable margin of profit in the loss of the industry, and the help company has smoothed through the industry cycle. The cost estimate assumes a 15-year depreciation period for the sulphate-type titanium powder device.
The total cost of a single ton of titanium titanium powder is estimated at $13257 if the market price is calculated. The company has a number of mines in Sichuan, Clouds, South and has extensive mining rights around the world and is now self-supporting 52% of the titanium concentrate needed for the project.
The cost of some titanium concentrate is only for mining, mining, mining, transportation, management, etc., totalling approximately $450/t. If the company provides its own portion of titanium concentrate and sulphuric acid, based on the local reality of the project, the cost of the powder is approximately $10538/t.
The overseas titanium industry is losing its competitive advantage, except for the part 2.3, which states that the overseas titanium industry is subject to environmental policies, old equipment, etc., which leads to the withdrawal of capacity, as well as the gradual loss of competitive advantage and rising costs.
Cormew, as the leader of the former titanium industry, had for many years taken the lead in titanium powder production, with a significant competitive advantage in cost. In 2019, Cormew had already produced 1.25 million tons of titanium powder, all of which were chlorinated.
The cost per bit is only about 9,600 tons, 4907 dollars lower than Tenor, and Cormús as a whole is the best cost-control firm outside the Longing Group. But the series of black swan events that began in 2021 has increased the world’s human, raw materials, energy, etc., dramatically every year. In 2023, the cost per ton rose to $14,584 per ton, and Teno or benefited from the scale of the expansion.
The company’s costs also rose slightly after 2021, but fell back to about $10,500 in 2023, keeping them in the lead. The overseas titanium billing charge, which led to a contraction of overall capacity, was reduced in 2023.
Mu/Tenor is down by $4046/1587, and in the same year, with 1.51 million tons of capacity to rise above Corme, the world’s titanium powder dragons. This represents a loss of absolute advantage in cost and scale, absolute dominance in international competition, and a contraction in overall overseas capacity.
In May 2024, a temporary closure was announced on the grounds of inadequate water supply. In addition, overseas producers such as Pan-Energy, Ishihara, and Connors have announced a reduction programme in production in recent years. In fact, overseas titanium mills have a high incidence of environmental protection.
New materials and mining operations: promising gains 4.1. Sponge titanium: demand prospects are high and air use is high.
Metal titanium is an important intermediate product in the chain of titanium. Sea titanium, as a base material for titanium, titanium powder, and other titanium components, has a wide range of applications because of its unique features.
Good physico-chemical properties, such as high surface size, low density, good permeability and sorbent, have important applications in aerospace, chemical, medical, and environmental applications. In aerospace, sponge titanium can be used to manufacture light, high-intensity structural elements; in chemical fields, it can be used as a catalyst carrier or adsorption; and in medical areas, sponge titanium.
At present, the consumption of sponge-related titanium is growing at a very high rate. According to the Mobil, in 2023, we spent 208,000 tons of sponge titanium and a 26% increase in consumption in 2024.
Only 18% of titanium material is used in aerospace, well below the world average of 46%. As countries invest more in aerospace industries, it is expected that high-end titanium metal products will be used more in space and that sponge consumption will increase further.
The production of titanium rose from about 190,000 tons in 2020 to 324,000 tons in 2024, with the rate of start-up rising to over 80%. This was accompanied by an expansion of domestic production capacity, with a sharp reduction in domestic import dependence on sponge titanium, which was concentrated in high-quality sponge titanium. Before 2023, the country was highly import-dependent, with imports peaking at 13,835,000 tons in 2021, and then falling.
Only 134 tons of sponge titanium were imported, while 5,800 tons were exported, signalling China ' s shift from dependence on imports to exporting countries, from zero tons per month of sponge titanium imports and 3051 tons of exports.
Since 2019 and 2020, when strategic acquisitions were made to the new titanium industry and the titanium assets of the Kimchuan Group Limited, the company has successfully built the two main production bases of titanium in the South and titanium in the Gansu countries through asset consolidation and packaging. At present, the titanium production capacity of the two major bases is 50,000 tons and 30,000 tons, respectively.
The company has become the world’s largest producer of sponge titanium. The company’s current sponge titanium production process is widely recognized as the Kralla process, which is highly pure and physical in nature through chlorination, precision, purity and reduction, conversion of titanium-rich materials into sponge-like titanium, and subsequent acquisition of sponge titanium through solidification and further purity.
Capability and chemical stability are widely applied in a variety of fields, such as aerospace, chemical, medical and environmental protection. As the company’s capacity continues to grow and its technology is optimized, its sponge titanium operations are expected to take a more prominent place in the global market.
According to the Federation, in the first half of April 2024, the retail penetration rate of new domestic energy vehicles was 50%. In the third week of May 2024 (13-19), the risk rate for new domestic energy vehicles was 168,000, and for the first time, the penetration rate for new energy terminals was 50%, 50.2%, exceeding the fuel vehicle.
At a disadvantage, however, this trend suggests that new energy vehicles are becoming more and more acceptable in the domestic market and are becoming the consumer’s preferred option. Further penetration of new energy vehicles will lead to higher demand for power cells.
Lithium phosphate batteries are now operating in our power cells, with four programmes: lithium phosphate, trinity material, lithium manganese acid, lithium titanium titanium acid, respectively, with 64.88 per cent and 35.03 per cent of the remaining three programmes, respectively, with a combined ratio of no more than 0.1 per cent, of which lithium phosphate batteries have good thermal stability, high temperature and safety features.
By contrast, the high energy density and high work voltage of three-dollar material cells provide a longer range for the same battery capacity, which is used mainly by hybrid models with a smaller battery capacity. In the run-up to the development of our electric vehicles, there is limited coverage of chargers, rechargers, and low charging efficiency, among other things, resulting in consumers.
And, as our electric vehicle support facilities continue to improve and technologically overlap, pure electricity, and car-style refilling difficulties have become the past, phosphate lithium batteries are beginning to outload the triple-material battery. It is expected that in the future, pure electric vehicles will be the mainstream of the road, and phosphate lithium batteries, which are better suited to the pure electric vehicle, will be much more suitable.
The company acquired 100% of Henan's new carbon materials in 2021, and then took advantage of the technological accumulation and human advantage of the new carbon materials to quickly bridge the perception gap and cross-border access to the new energy sector.
Building on the successful experience of titanium powder, the company actively explores projects to integrate whole-sector chains into lithium electric materials, to develop titanium industries in conjunction with the lithium electric industry, and to build models for efficient integration between the two industries. The company makes full use of the chlorinated titanium powder and sulfuric acid formula.
Sodium produces and reacts to the production of iron phosphate, which is an important source for new energy cells. Iron phosphate can be used for the production of lithium ion phosphate as a key pre-drilling source (e.g. lithium hydroxide, lithium ionium 2003 or lithium salt).
Several new materials projects are on the ground, and it has been estimated that self-supplied raw materials will result in a single-ton price differential of $510 for the company ' s phosphate project. 4.3. Iron ore: side industries contribute a steady profit
Iron ore prices have remained high for a long time. Iron ore prices have been growing at a low season in August, during which the policy window has been folded, demand has been depressed, and iron ore market prices have remained at $650-750 per ton, port stocks have increased, and demand is expected to improve after the weather has cooled, leading to a steady increase in iron ore production in our country, which reached 83,871.06 million tons in 2023, but imports of iron ore continue to take over.
In 2023, our iron ore imports amounted to 1,790.597 million tons, with 42% of the iron ore produced and imported, respectively, contributing to the company’s steady profits. Our titanium resources are dominated by titanium mines, which are associated with titanium, a geological feature that determines that the mining of titanium will be accompanied by large quantities of iron ore.
The company has steadily increased its iron ore production. The company has sold all the surplus iron ore to the outside world, while meeting its production needs, thereby maximizing the use of its resources and improving its economic efficiency. In 2023, the company produced 42.40 million iron ore, with a competitive advantage of the company: the industrial chain, cost, technology and efficiency.
The company is the only company in China that has a titanium powder production that cuts through the titanium chain, acquires upstream high-quality mineral resources and deep processing capacity, and downstream products that cuts through the titanium chain. Upstream, the company has scarce resources through mergers and acquisitions.
In the production chain, companies use home-grown titanium ore ore and extra-purchase titanium ore to produce titanium sulphate powder, titanium-rich (including high titanium slags, synthetic gold red stones) and raw iron, titanium-rich materials are further processed to produce titanium tetrachloride, titanium sponge or titanium chloride.
Most can be used for follow-up processes. In the downstream direction, new products such as corporate graphite, iron phosphate, lithium phosphate, lithium ion batteries, etc., are being used properly to extend the company’s industrial chain. 5.2. Lowest cost in industry
The company now produces a significantly lower cost of titanium powder than its domestic and international counterparts, and has an advantage in international competition. The company is the country’s largest chlorinator, titanium powder, and masters the synthetic gold-redstone technology, which is expected to help the company fully roll the titanium powder.
Finally, companies have powerful titanium resource control capabilities that are distinct from their peers, and companies are expected to increase their own supply of raw materials further. 5.3, horizontal coupling with green economy models, technology is far ahead.
The Group's original model of "sulfur chloride coupling green economy" has resulted in a breakthrough integration of traditional sulfuric acid with the forward chlorination of two titanium powders, and the successful application of joint cleaner production technologies for sulfur iron titanium. This innovative process can transform the sulfuric acid, waste acid in titanium powder production, into synthetic gold red stone, which is used as a raw material for the production of chlorinated titanium powder.
The by-product of the production of sulphate in synthetic gold sulphate is also used effectively to produce products such as iron phosphate. This not only solves the problem of the treatment of waste by-products in the sulphate process, but also leads to the reduction of waste, while providing raw materials to companies, effectively reducing environmental and raw material costs.
The "Cryming Green Economy" model has been successful in achieving a synthesynthetic synthesizing synthesical synths that are less expensive than natural smite, and has been heavily invested in research and development, focusing on talent, and leading industries. Companies have seen talent as the most important strategic resource for corporate development, with macro- and global planning for the introduction, cooperation, development, attraction and use of talent over the years.
R & D costs remain at around 4%, long-term leaders. And, thanks to the company’s excellent profitability, the company has a large R & D team. In 2023, the company’s R & D staff numbered 2,228, several times more than its counterparts.
Twenty-five industry standards have been developed and revised to be a truly leading industry enterprise. In addition, in order to create and improve long-term corporate incentives to attract and retain talented people, companies are actively promoting stock buyback schemes for new employee holding schemes or equity incentives, which are expected to be $120 million.
Technology development has accumulated a range of studies, including the chlorination process for titanium powder optimization, the mineral selection process, the use of titanium powder for high-performance ink, and artificial graphite.
5.4 With a red-rate and industry leader, the value of investment highlights the fact that companies have maintained a high rate of interest payments over the years. In keeping with the development perspective of “ere symbioticism”, companies have taken social responsibility seriously and shared the benefits with investors while pursuing their own development. From 2017 to date, companies have insisted that they receive more than half of their annual income.
titanium powder business: the company is the global titanium powder tap, the yield-scale effect and the self-supply of the main raw material titanium mine titanium business titanium business: in 2024, with 80,000 tons of production, the company became the world ' s titanium flagship, pre-empting industry, and we expect the titanium business to grow at $3.1 billion 3.2 billion/34 billion per year from 2024 to 2026, respectively.
Iron phosphate (lithium): We expect phosphate (lithium) operations to collect $1.1 billion between 2024 and 2026, respectively, of economic downside risk; risk of high volatility in product prices; failure to build projects; initiation of environmental policy; introduction by the Chemical Group
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.