:: Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) incident: 17 July, satellite chemistry release of semi-annual 2023 performance to achieve operating income
Division bulletin discloses that satellite chemistry is intended to enter into a ship-lease agreement with the sinogas on raw materials for the α-vinyl hydrocarbons integrated use project (millions of shares) for the transport of 6 ships for a 15-year lease, with a total rental rate of 17
The cost of raw materials continues to fall, the second quarter performance ring has increased significantly, company prices compared to the 300-deep trend, the cost of ethane has fallen further, and pdh prices have improved. The price of 23q2 ethane has fallen since last year ' s high.
At the end of the raw material, the price of propane dropped significantly in the light season, with a 21.7% ring ratio, and a profit gain of c3pdh improved, with a price difference of 23q2 +266.70%. The cost-side improvement is gradually reflected in the second and third quarters, the replenishment cycle is coming, and downstream demand is starting to improve. 23q2, ethylene, polypropene price differential ring ratio
The improvement is clear, with the ring ratio +103.86%/+43.26% respectively, and we believe that with the golden silver 10 replenishment cycle, c2/c3 needs are expected to continue to be repaired. In addition, both the acrylic industry chain and the green new chemical materials project contribute in quantitative terms.
Source cost advantage + development high input double-wheel drive, α-vinyl hydrocarbons integrated use of high-end new materials production Opening the growth space of the industrial park project 17 June, satellite chemistry announcement, α-vinyl hydrocarbons integrated use of high-end new materials industrial park project
The contract with the Park Management Board, the total investment of about $25.7 billion in the project, and the ability of the company to produce it will be doubled once it is completed, further enhancing the advantage of the platform. The project has a package of 500,000 tonnes of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons and 600,000 tonnes of poe devices, as well as polyethylenes (methanes), polyα-vinyl hydrocarbons, and ultra-high points.
Domestic supply deficiencies, such as vinyl ethylene, have increased significantly over the first and second phases of the product, and the profit center will increase further. This announcement will further guarantee the stability of the α-vinyl hydrocarbon integrated use project by locking in 6 ethane ships, signalling the success of the project.
With regard to the precautionary principle, this α-olefin integrated use project is not considered for the time being. This is an increase in the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of this report, the data and information used in this report are derived from publicly available information on the market, the accuracy or completeness of such information is not assured by me, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.