Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 12 September, satellite chemistry announcement, proposed cash for full-source subsidiaries in the form of petrochemicals.
The acquisition of satellite holdings and the investment of Quanquan Won held 70 per cent and 30 per cent each of the new materials in Jiangsujia, the satellite holdings were satellite chemical parent companies, and Quaing Queen Won had a significant advantage in the cost of producing hydrogen from the Hppo method of entering into the stock of listed companies, with a further refinement of the product matrix of c3.
The main assets of KANO are 1 set of 400,000 tonnes of devices and 350,000 tonnes of hp devices built in the course of the year.
The following phase II projects include, according to publicly available data, one 400,000 tonnes of devices, three 450,000 tonnes of Hp, one 260,000 tonnes of acrylic devices, sar, synthetic ammonia, glycol acid, and the like, step 3.
The purchase, on the one hand, has been able to streamline the management lines of the group and the listed company, and, on the other hand, has enriched the product matrix of the listed company, c3, by adding items such as hppo and acrylate, which can be easily adapted to market fluctuations.
The Hppo technology is a green process that, beyond safety and environmental protection, takes full advantage of the company's petrochemical self-produced hydrogen gas advantage and achieves a reduction efficiency objective, and recently, the market price for cyanide in China has been set at R$10,000/tonne at a monthly ring of 16%.
As the internal and external environment improves and demand warms during the seasons, the market is becoming more dynamic, with companies having greater profitability elasticity for domestic acrylic acid and acrylate taps. At the same time, the price differentials for c2 and c3 downstream products remain at the bottom of history, and demand is expected to recover in the long run.
See, the company ' s combined α-olefin use of the project ' s capacity to produce more than doubled, further enhancing its platforming advantages. (1) Risks associated with price fluctuations for raw materials and major products; 1.2 quarter performance loops increase significantly, with high end new materials
(ii) safe production risks;
(iv) The project is not as fast as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.