Satellite chemistry (002648.sz) Pilot technology in alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons is validated, and KARO is acquired to improve the industrial chain layout.
Company announcement: 17 September 2023, company α-vinyl hydrocarbons "Technology development for high-purity 1-octylene test"
On 12 September 2023, the full-fledged satellite chemical company, Linyun Harbour, proposed to buy 100 per cent of the new Quantities held by the satellite holdings and the investment of Kun Won in cash. The Quantico material will become Liyun Harbour's CCM perspective: 1) The company's 1-Cinylene market has great potential for application and international leadership, filling the technology gap in the country, and accelerating the realization of the company's orientation.
The transformation and upgrading of the company for new low-carbon chemical technologies (2) allows the company to acquire new and attractive materials, both to reduce linkages with controlling shareholders, avoid potential peer competition, and to promote corporate strategic planning as a whole, and to improve the structure of the company ' s c3 industrial chain products; 3) to maintain the company ' s international leadership in thioacene technology to fill the technology gap in the country
The company has created new catalysts, developed new polymer processes, and used autonomously designed equipment to achieve a high selection of 1-octane and cogeneration of 1-hexene; has achieved a long-cycle operation of a stable production and response system of high purity 1-octane.
1-octane is an important chemical material, mainly used as a polyethylene polymeric monomer for linear low-density polyethylene (lldpe), high-density polyethylene (hdpe), medium-density polyethylene tubes, plasticizers, active agents, etc., where the production of linear low-density polyethylene (lldpe) using 1-octane is more integrated and market development is promising.
Japan’s Mitsubishi chemistry, Russia’s Nizhnekamensk petrochemicals, Korea’s lig chemistry, South Africa’s Sasol, Britain’s Shell chemistry, US Dow chemistry, and US Chevron Phillips chemicals are our main suppliers of 1-octane. In recent years, the level of 1-octane national production has continued to rise against the backdrop of growing market demand for high-molecular materials in the country and domestic firms breaking through key technologies.
Poe is an important raw material for the production of poe, and the company is now actively developing it. Poe has a high technical barrier to production, has a small number of production firms around the world, and the market is dominated by a small number of US-Japanese companies, such as Tao ' s chemistry, Exxonmbil, Sani chemistry, and sk. Poe ' s applications are still relatively low in domestic automobiles, plastic manufacturing, and Poe has considerable potential for development in the Chinese market.
The membrane is almost the dominant option for the two-provincial component, and many of the owners of the two-probate power plants have designated the poe film at the tender stage, so that the future photovoltaic area will be an important force for pulling Poe’s needs.
The KANO project, which plans to build a chain of high-performance materials such as Hppo, acrylic, bs devices and acetylamide, produces 900,000 tonnes per year of raw material processing and production of high-performance materials downstream, has built up 3 450,000 tonnes/year hp devices, 1 400,000 tonnes/yearpo devices, 220kv total drops, high torches, and ancillary storage and public utility facilities.
The process of production, compared to production processes and devices, reduces the production of sewage by 70 to 80%, consumption by 35%, safety and stability. This trade will help to reduce linkages between controlling shareholders and listed companies, avoid potential future competition, and promote corporate corporate strategic planning to improve the structure of the corporate c3 chain of industrial products, while creating corporate epoxypropanes and cyclics.
The two products complement each other, extending the industrial chain of downstream epoxy derivatives high-end chemicals and maintaining firm corporate growth. The recent overall price of epoxy propane has gone up, with prices in Shandong estimated at 9650-9750 yuan per ton as at 15 September, an increase of 2.38 per cent compared to the beginning of the month; the market price in East China is about 8,800-9850 yuan per ton, an increase of 2.34 per cent compared to the beginning of the month.
Inner devices are stopped and repaired, and the load is reduced to a new low in the second half of the year, with a minimum daily start of 63%; the demand side: “Kyoto 10” is coming, and there is a relatively good demand for supplies downstream. Overall, there is a certain mix of supply and demand for epoxy, and it is expected that the shock will continue for some time to come.
α-FOA research and development has not progressed as expected; there is uncertainty about the acquisition project; there is a risk of falling product prices, etc. Satellite chemistry (002648.sz)-q2 performance ring significantly improved, industry climate repair period - 2023-07-18 Satellite chemistry (002648.sz) - new material at high end of layout, steadily increasing competitiveness - 2023-06-19
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject