O2 performance loops up, code high-end new material growth satellite chemistry (002648.sz)
A 6.4 per cent increase in the same year; a 34.1 per cent decrease in the same year in the realization of a net return of $1.84 billion, with a partial improvement in price and a narrow loss in the conversion of stock, and a q2 upturn in the company's performance ratio
In the first half of 2023, the company ' s main raw material, ethane and propane, suffered a sharp fall in its price focus due to the decline in international crude oil and natural gas prices. Of this, the average price of q2 ethane was $156.2 per ton, a decline of 64.0 per cent, a decline of 15.4 per cent, and a decrease of $539 per ton, a decline of 34.2 per cent, a decline in the price of the ring.
Two main reasons for the improvement in the company ' s single-quarter profit margin were considered to be the following: first, the improvement in the price differential for some major products, such as Hdpe, polypropylene q2 price differentials, which increased by 11.1 per cent and 61.5 per cent, respectively, due to the easing of raw material content; and second, the marked drop in the price of q2ethane.
Slow, raw material conversion losses are narrower than q1. As steady growth policies continue to work, we see an improvement in the climate cycle that has accelerated the economic recovery process.
The vehicle has been successful and well-functioning, promoting the integrated use of high-value-added products by ethylene.
Acrylic acid-propyl ester industrial chain closed; Kajing base is accelerating the promotion of 260,000 tons of high-molecular milk.
The gradual release of the above-mentioned projects will result in a low public price q3 performance pressure and deeper industrial chain protection.
The Division contributes to the growth of performance, while also strengthening the advantages of corporate industrial chain integration.
(002648.sz)c3 c2 contributed to a total of 2021 high performance, with a strong industrial chain advantage, 1,000 tonnes/year α-vinyl hydrocarbons industrial test unit operating successfully, and α-vinyl hydrocarbons and petrochemicals of the chemical industry satellite [Galactic Chemical].
In addition, the company plans to invest about $25.7 billion in new α-folates in the city of Lilonghu, using a combination of high-end new materials, and evaluates the petrochemicals of the chemical industry.
The Parks Project, using the autonomously developed high carbon alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons technology, extends to the downstream layouts of poe, high end polyethylene (Multimetal) and new high end materials such as ultra-molecular polyethylene. Second, the company pdh and ethane fission ethylene devices produce large quantities of hydrogen by-products and 900,000 tonnes/year hydrogen from the pdh installations.
[Galactic Chemical Worker] to evaluate the petrochemical (002648.sz) of the chemical industry satellite _ high profit innovation in 2020, about 722,000 tonnes by-product, 2.5 tonnes/year hydrogen by-product of the ethane fission device in 2021, and about 140,000 tonnes by-product.
Hydrogen purity is high and can be used directly for hydrogen energy use. Third, the company, together with Skgc, reports in depth on the chemical industry satellite petrochemical construction, operation of 40,000 tonnes/year (one phase) and 50,000 tonnes/year (two phases) eaa installation projects;
(002648.sz) Creation of a “c2+c3” dual tap, over a period of cycle, which is now well under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2024.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.