Satellite chemistry (002648.sz) q2 performance ring significantly improved, industry climate repair time frame, basic chemicals and chemical products
In the first half of the year, companies were able to perform relatively well in the face of external pressures and challenges, particularly with significant improvements in performance since the second quarter.c Project 2 contributed to an increase in performance and high temperatures led to short-term constraints on the supply of and demand for ethane.c Project C2
According to rumours, the current price of ethane in North America deviates significantly from the trend in natural gas prices, mainly due to the increased demand for gas and electricity due to the continued high temperatures in the United States, leading to more re-inflation of ethane to natural gas, tight supply of and demand for ethane export resources, rising prices of ethane, and expected higher temperatures, ethane
Prices are expected to return to a reasonable level, leading to higher profits in the company ' s c2 industrial chain. c3 industrial chains are waiting to be repaired.C3 industry chains of polypropylene, acrylic acid, and esters, the prices of major products, have been on the decline in the first half of 2023, both as a result of falling oil prices and as a result of falling oil prices.
The recovery in macro-impact demand is slow. Prices for major products such as polypropylene, acrylic acid and esters are now at the bottom level in recent years, but stock levels are still at a high level, thus opening up future development space for new material projects in the c3 industry chain.
For the purpose of this project, the company Satellite Chemistry (002648.sz) - High-end New Materials in Layouts, with a steady increase in competitiveness.
It is expected that the new materials project will further strengthen the corporate development base and lead the company Satellite Chemistry (002648.sz) — Quarterly Performance Rings have improved significantly and demand has warmed back.
The satellite chemistry (002648.sz)-c2 project led to growth in performance, with new materials well-placed, and the company continued to achieve relatively good business performance in the face of external pressures and challenges over the six months, especially since the second quarter.
c2 Project II contributed to an increase in performance, resulting in short-term tight demand and supply of ethane due to high temperatures. Company c2 Project II began to consolidate production in June 2022, providing a significant increase in performance in the first half of 2023. In the first half of 2023, subsidiaries realized a net profit of 1,374 million dollars, an increase of 56.08 per cent.
The current price of ethane in North America deviates significantly from the trend in gas prices, mainly due to the increased demand for gas and electricity due to the continued high temperature of air in the United States, resulting in more re-inflation of ethane to natural gas, tight supply of and demand for ethane export resources, rising prices of ethane and the expected return to a reasonable level of ethane prices after high temperatures and weather conditions
The company's c2 industrial chain has increased its profitability. c3 industrial chain is in the process of being repaired. In the first half of 2023, the company's c3 industrial chain, such as polypropylene, acrylic acid and esters, was largely on the decline in the prices of products, both affected by the fall in oil prices and influenced by macros.
Demand recovery is slow. Prices for major products such as polypropylene, acrylic acid and esters have been flat at the bottom of the water in recent years, but stock levels are still high, so the c3 industry chain climate still needs some time to be repaired. Figure 4: Price trends for polypropene (M/T)
Figure 5: Price trends for acrylic acid (M/T) Figure 6: Social stocks of polypropylene (Kt) Figure 7: Social stocks of acrylic acid (Kt)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject