The semi-annual review in 2023: q2 net ring increases, alpha keywords: #product expansion#import replacement#scarce assets  Incident 1: companies released 23h1 performances to achieve business income of $20 billion, an increase of 6 per cent over the same period;
The net return profit of $1.84 billion was achieved, a 34% decrease in the same year; the net profit of $1.95 billion was realized, and the research assistant increased by 51%. The company’s performance improved by two consecutive quarters, of which q2 was withheld in one quarter.
The non-net profit ratio is equal to the ring rate, and the ring speed is double-tracked. Incident 2: The company proposes to enter into six ship charter agreements with the sinogas or its associates to meet the raw material transportation needs of the α-Fahide Project through a combination of high-end new materials and to secure items
▪ ethane reverts to a low price era and the cost advantage of ethane fission expands: 1) ethane prices tend to fall back with the end of the European energy crisis, with 22q4/23q1/23q2 US$mbethane split/tonne, which expands the cost advantage to 925 yuan/tonne relative to the cost of the cerebral oil route. 2) entering in July
After that, the price of ethane recovered slightly, with the latest price of $228 per ton (14 July), driven mainly by the increase in natural gas prices in the United States. Foreign gas stocks are now at an all-time high, with ethane/day gas ratios reaching 95% in almost a decade, and prices for ethane are still falling in the context of high premium prices.
3) In the medium and long term, higher natural gas production in the United States has led to an increase in the supply of ethane, while demand at the same time faces a shortage of domestic demand + export restrictions, and the ethane route is expected to fall over time in the context of oversupply of raw materials propane prices and pdh devices have lost their profits: the price of natural gas falls and seasonal factors
As a result, the price of propane has fallen significantly since February, with an average price of 693/540 per ton for 23q1/23q2 propane, and as of 14 July, the price of propane/Brent has fallen to almost 7%. As the price of propane has fallen significantly, the pdh device has improved significantly, according to our estimates.
Counting that since mid-March, the pdh device has largely lost, with the 23q2 industry earning an average of approximately $124 per ton.  Downstream expansion is under way, and a large number of projects are on the ground to contribute to the performance of the new green chemistry at the Yunn base.
All production units of the Material Garden Project have been completed or are nearing completion; the 800 000 tonnes of BKEL project is scheduled to be delivered by mid-23; the 260,000 tonnes of High Molecular Lactation project at Kacing Base is expected to expand further downstream acrylates to high end coatings, battery adhesives,
Development of new chemical materials such as coatings; implementation of an annual 40,000-ton eaa installation and the addition of a two-phase project plan, which is expected to lead the way towards a national substitution of eaa. A technical breakthrough in alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons and a possible future layout of high-end polyolefins: 1) company is a domestic α-vinylene collar
Satellite Chemistry (002648), Alpha-Fryers 1st Platoon. Currently, 1,000 tons of alpha-Fryers are fully operational and catalysts, product collection and quality have been achieved, with 100,000 tons of alpha-Fate.
One ladder, high-end polyolefin layouts are expected to begin construction of a 23h2 and a Poe industrialization device, which is expected to be completed by the end of the 24th year.) The company relies on the α-vinyl technology breakthrough to further the 2.5 million tonnes/year α-vinyl amalgam combined use item.
Ideas, extension of high-end polyolefin materials such as mpe, poe, po, and uhmwpe downstream.
There has been a rapid increase in demand in the area, but the supply side remains highly dependent on imports, with gas repairs such as poe, eaa, speedier growth of new materials operations, and imports of products such as mpe, pao, near 90 per cent dependency, companies, etc.
The company plans to enter into six lease agreements with sinogas or its associates to provide raw materials.
The implementation of ship resources facilitates the supply of raw materials on time and also guarantees the advancement of the α-olefin project.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: new materials can be delivered in an orderly manner, c2/c3 continues to rise.
LFA raw materials, full-scale advance to high-end polyolefins, enhanced alpha properties, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.