Business and Industry Bank (601398): Three-quarterly review in 2020 Undesirable pressure was shown to reduce profits on schedule Events: Business and Industry Bank operating income of $6,656,93 million in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 2.9 per cent; Contribution
The net profit of the company's shareholders is 22,867.5 million yuan, an increase of 9.2 per cent over the previous year, corresponding to 0.64 dollars per share.
Business and industry banks have seen a narrow profit cut in the third quarter, while asset quality pressures have become apparent, and overall performance has met expectations. As the macro-environment warms, the market’s confidence in state-owned businesses has stabilized, and the dividends are now being received.
Concerns about the scale adjustment have also weakened, and we judge that the expected improvement in the market will be ahead of improvements in financial indicators such as net interest differentials, asset quality, etc. The state-owned banks are expected to enter the valuation restoration phase after the three-quarters report.
▪ The performance of the business bank in the third quarter was generally in line with expectations, with narrow net interest differentials and a slower decline in earnings. The company ' s earnings increased by 9.15 per cent in the first three quarters and by 4.65 per cent in the third quarter. By split: 1 net price, the net interest differential may continue to fall slightly; in addition, the average balance of the company ' s interest earned in the first three quarters was relative to the average balance of the company ' s assets.
The slowdown to 2.1 per cent resulted in a 1.6 per cent increase in the single quarter net interest income combined with price factors.2 The non-interest income increased by 4.7 per cent over the previous three quarters, with fees and commissions increasing by 0.3 per cent over the same period, and operations such as payment settlements, bank cards and so on are expected to continue to be affected by the epidemic; other non-interests
As a result of the reduction in the amount paid to clients. 3 Cost revenue for the first three quarters was 0.46 pct to  less than for the same quarter, and overall growth in public and retail loans was evenly balanced. Total bank loans (excluding interest accruals) increased by 2.6% on a small basis at the end of the third quarter, at a rate equal to that of the second quarter.
Corporate loans (excluding bill discounts) and retail loans grew by 2.63 per cent and 2.89 per cent, respectively, at the beginning of the year, at an overall equal rate.
Structural deposits are gradually falling, but strong market competition for deposits remains. Three-quarters of the year, with sustained asset quality: “double-litre” in line with market expectations, and pressure on state-owned banks’ asset quality is beginning to manifest itself.
At the end of the third quarter, the negative rate ring continued up by 5 bp to 1.55 per cent, an increase of 12 bp over the beginning of the period, but this is expected in the market. In the event of a negative rate and a reduction in the credit impairment ring, a provision is made at the end of the third quarter.
By 4.5 to 190.19 per cent below the cap-rate ratio, according to the three-quarterly report, the state-owned bank reported a few comments in the middle of the ginsales year: there was a real pressure on the quality of certain assets, but the company mentioned more than that in the performance release.
The gap between term loans and non-performing loans is negative for two consecutive quarters, reflecting the firm’s more stringent perception. It is now widely expected that the asset quality risk profile of state-owned banks will be phased out in the first half of next year.
As the macro-environment improves, market concerns will weaken and are expected to begin to stabilize.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board