In general, the industry, as a major state-owned company, plays a “geese head” role in supporting the real economy, cutting costs, and the company's asset-end rate and fee-earning growth is temporarily affected, but in the medium to long term.
The industry is well-run as a state-owned company, and the retail industry has performed well, and long-term adherence to financial science and technology is beginning to bear fruit, combining the company’s current low valuation levels and maintaining a higher rating.
Non-interest income boosted the growth rate of the boom, and profits hit the bottom up by a small increase in the percentage points, mainly in terms of investment returns, which had increased 22 times in the previous three quarters. The net interest rate increased as a result of further interest differentials.
The net interest differential for business banks is between 3bp and 2.10% lower than in the first half of the year, with a smaller reduction than in the margins of the last quarter, which is what we expect. It is estimated that it is also due to the lower end-of-asset pricing under loan pricing than at the cost of debt. Loans and portfolio investment are the main drivers of growth in the size of the industry in the third quarter.
The factor is that the credit and bond investment split has increased by 2.6 per cent/3.0 per cent, the total asset ring has increased by 1.09 per cent, credit lending has remained relatively positive, maintaining historical highs at the same rate; the fast increase in bond investment is estimated to match the issuance of three quarters of local debt.
We're counting bad output in the 3rd quarter. We're measuring bad output in the 3rd quarter, with an increase of 5bp to 1.55% in the ring, mainly due to the effects of the epidemic and the firm's strict poor classification.
Further enhancement of risk prevention capabilities.
Business and industry banks publish the third quarter of 2020, with net profits equal to 9.15% in the first three quarters of 2020. Total assets of $33.47 trillion boosted the growth rate of non-interest income, and the profit boomed.
Business banks increased by 2.90% in the first three quarters of the year, up 1.65 percentage points from 1.25% in the first half of the year, a further slight increase, mainly driven by investment returns, 22 times higher in the previous three quarters, while net interest income increased at a rate estimated to have been affected by interest margins. Companies increased their net profits by 2.9% in the same period.
The net interest differential for business banks is between 3bp and 2.10% lower than in the first half of the year, a reduction from the margins of the previous quarter, which is in line with our expectations. It is estimated that it is also due to the lower end-of-asset pricing under loan pricing, which exceeds the cost of liabilities. Loans and portfolio investments are the main factor in the growth of the industry model in the third quarter, with a 2.6 per cent 3.0 per cent increase in credit and bond investment, a 1.09 per cent increase in total asset link and a 1.9 per cent increase in credit placement.
At the end of the three-month period, it is estimated that the impact of the epidemic and the firm’s strictness will continue.
The output of the taxonomy is 1.16% for the third quarter of the industry and 12bp for the next quarter. At the end of the third quarter, the company was provided with a coverage rate of 190%, the first three quarters of the business bank was picked up at a rate driven by non-interest income, and three quarters of the allowance was set to reduce the growth rate that supported the profit point upwards, but the overall rate of increase was still negative. The interest gap was higher than the downward but the drop was narrower and the account was higher, but the negative output improved.
In general, as a large State-owned industry, the Bank plays a “geese head” role in supporting the real economy and reducing the benefits, with company asset-end earnings and fee-earning growth temporarily having some impact, but in the medium to long term, the Bank operates robustly as a State-owned major business, with large retail operations outpacing the economy, leading to a deterioration in asset quality. As a pro-cyclical industry, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thereby affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy is expected to go below expectations, the quality of the bank’s assets is at risk of deterioration, thereby affecting the bank’s profitability.