Mountain Gold International (000975.sz): Mining operations, 22 October 2024.
The company is one of China's leading gold producers.
The company owns four gold mines and one lead, silver and silver, polymetal ore, the middle of which is a gold mine with a high grade in the country.
The focus has continued to rise, the efficiency of the integrated use of the company's mineral resources has steadily increased, and the multi-factor resonance has been driven by the relatively advanced state of the country's production management of the forest pavilion, which recorded a record high performance in the first three quarters of the same period.
The mining industry is currently the largest single company in the country with the largest mineral and silver deposits: as of 2024h1, the company had four gold ore and one lead zinc ore.
According to data from the China Gold Association, 2023 polymetallic mines have 15 prospecting rights in addition to mining rights, with a survey area of 175.42 square kilometres.
The Department is the sixth largest company with a high Māori rate in gold mines, with net profits of national yellow tons in 2023, 61.37 million tons of lead metal, 128.36 million tons of zinc metal and 1262 million tons of copper metal.
The company was ranked fourth among the companies listed in the gold mining market. In August 24, the company-owned subsidiary, Jilin Temple, entered into a Mining Rights Outing Contract with the Ministry of Natural Resources in Jilin Province, which gave them the right to explore the area of the gold mine in the South Fork Village of Go Pine Town, Tung County, Jilin Province.
In the next three to six months, the right to prospecting in the 1118 Highlands of lead and zinc mines in Mongolia’s Yulong Mining, a company-owned subsidiary, has been converted to mining rights, with an area of 3.4821 square kilometres, using underground mining methods and a production size of 990,000 tonnes/year.
The main minerals are silver, zinc, copper, and lead. Given that the Yulong mining site is located in the non-ferrous metal belts of the Great Hinging-Aing River, and is a world-class non-ferrous metal deposits (e.g. silver, copper, lead, zinc, gold) priority area, the search is effective.
It will further optimize the company’s mineral growth. In addition, by the end of August 24, the company had officially completed the purchase of 100% of the company’s indirect holdings and cut off the additional 127.2 tons of gold resources, and the company’s overall resources. The company’s mineral metals grew steadily and strongly: by 24q3, the company’s mineral gold production had reached 6.28 tons in the previous three quarters.
In addition, as of the year q3 company ' s share of production of the core products, silver, lead powder and zinc powder, the ratio of production to sales reached 103.7 per cent and the end of production completed the planned targets for the year.
Not to reach 122.82 tons, 7955.69 tons and 11026.01 tons, of which q3 varieties will account for annual production, respectively, of the Namibia ' s Osino project, which will start production in 2026 and form an annual production of about 5.04 tons of mineral gold.
The company’s mineral gold business continues to be optimized. The company’s mineral gold level is showing signs of sustained optimization as a result of new efficiency initiatives, such as rising gold prices, more efficient mineral production, and lower yields.
The cost of marketed mineral gold has been reduced to $142.8/g (a further decline of $156.32/g over 24q1), and the company is one of the gold enterprises with the best control over the cost of mining in the industry. In addition, the company mine has been effective in showing the optimization of the process of indicators such as the company ' s recovery rate, the rate of impoverishment, the recovery rate of smelting, and the rate of operation of the equipment.
In view of the substantial increase in efficiency of the combined use of corporate capital, it is expected that the cost of corporate output will continue to be optimized on a continuous basis.
The company’s ability to pay back and manage its mining operations was relatively strong; the company’s asset-liability rate rose to 21.08 per cent (a gold industry averaged 55.91 per cent) during the same period, and the company was the mining company with the lowest domestic asset-liability rate.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account that the traditional gold-based pure financial attribute pricing has become weak, while the commercial supply and demand attribute has clearly been strengthened, the gold financial attribute determines price elasticity and the supply and demand attribute determines price resilience. The gold supply and demand has entered a structural bias at the commodity pricing level, and prices will show a trend.
Given the fermentation of gold hedges, liquidity premiums, and exchange-rate premiums, zinc progress is less than expected, and core clients of accounts receivable are more likely to be at risk.
East Hing Securities Co. reported Mountain International (000975.sz): Mining operations continue to grow and valuation elasticity of strong growth is yet to be released.
Zhang Teng Fung Researches on Financial Derivatives, Investments, and Team Management Experiences. He was the investment manager for the East Hing Asset Management Program (cta) and the general manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Department. He received the second prize for the joint study on futures and options of the China Financial Exchange (CIFE), and the joint study on the Chinese futures.
Prizes: former contributor to Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal, registered futures lecturer at the Shanghai Futures Exchange, China Financial Period Research Assistant Introduction Xiao Park
Graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara, applied mathematics and economics, in May 2024, he took up his position as a researcher. Any part of his salary has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.