The reasons for this report are: semi-annual reviews, deep-dry heat management, the growth of new energy cars.
On August 13, 2021, the industry went up, with a high rate of growth in auto parts and components.
High performance growth is driven by the continued upturn in the new energy car market. By product, the RAC spare parts business earns $5,563 million, an increase of 27.37 per cent, compared with the same period in 2019; the RAC spare parts business earns $2,111 million, the same amount.
In the first half of the year, the company had an overall Māori rate of 27%, compared to the same period of the previous year - 0.8 pct; the Māori rate for the zero-carbon operation was the highest/lowest in the previous year:
+1.2pc, mainly due to exchange losses arising from the appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar. Sales rates, management rates, market value of the share in circulationa (billions): Deep-ploughing new energy heat management, supplying mainstream car manufacturers. Combining, pure electric power, hydrogen energy.
Basic data: On June 30, 2021, cars have raised more and more demand for air conditioning and heat management products. The company is now a Faleo, a public, a Mercedes, a BMW, a Volvo, Toyota, General, Gilly, Biadi, Upper Steam,
Globalization is conducive to cooperative development with international automobile companies. Companies have established offshore production bases in the United States, Poland, Mexico, Viet Nam, etc., to reduce transport costs and improve competitiveness.
In the second half of the year, the new energy car market is expected to continue its high profile. On the policy front, conventional fuel lines are not relaxed, and national and local policies will continue to support new energy vehicles in the long run.
The prices of the source vehicles have gradually been equal to those of the same fuel vehicle, often exceeding those of the same grade in terms of quality and compatibility, and it is expected that in the future there will be a rapid increase in the sale of new energy vehicles in well-developed large cities.
The company ' s auxiliaries, which cover most of the traditional car-making and new forces, are close to the company ' s 28th floor of ITC at 69 West Street, the city of Taiwon, and are expected to continue to grow at a high rate as the volume of new energy vehicles increases.
On August 12th, the company collected the price on the 7th floor of the intercentre.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. Car sales are below expectations; the epidemic continues; prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly. \triangleright
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.