Without fear of higher prices, heated management of the two wings of the dragons - the semi-annual report of 2021 achieved net profit return to the mother of $824 million, an increase of 28.0 per cent, net profit deduction to the late parent of $720 million, an increase of the same amount.
The net profit from the 21q2 battalion and the return to the mother is one season higher, and the increase in the price of raw materials affects the Māori rate \triangleright and net profit: the company received $4.266 billion from the 21q2 battalion, an increase of 50.5 per cent in the same year, a 25.2 per cent increase in the ring and a net return to the mother
The profit was $464 million, an increase of 7.3 per cent in the same year, and the ring growth of 28.9 per cent, mainly as a result of an upturn in the newly capable car bicycle, which resulted in a significant increase in sales and a corresponding increase in corporate sales. The Māori ratio: 21q2 Māori increased by 26.8 per cent, a decline of 2.2 pct, a decline of 0.4 pct in the same year, mainly due to: 1) the sharp increase in the price of international maritime transport; 2) the significant increase in the price of copper in aluminium.
The impact has been reduced by effective and proper transmission, and it is expected that the future Māori rate will be reasonably maintained with smoother transmission in the second half of the year \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The same-year decline of 4.06 pct, the net profit realized by the subsidiaries is $258 million, the net interest rate is 12.23 per cent, and business income is 27.51 per cent, an increase of 9.64 pct, compared with the previous-year increase. We expect that the ratio of revenue from the new cars will be close to three quarters, with rapid growth, with company clients almost covering the new forces of traditional cars and car-making, fully benefiting from the rapid growth in the volume of new cars.
In addition, the company has accumulated technology in the field of storage heat management, and has cooperated with large international clients, whose technology routes are similar to those of existing zeros and can be rapidly converted to the storage energy market.
Refrigeration Air-Conditioning Electrical Parts and Components: The penetration rate of the electro-inflation valves continues to rise, with Aveko losing an operating income of \triangleright Refrigeration Air-Conditioned Electrical Parts and Components at $5,563 million, an increase of 27.37 per cent, and Māori at 27.82 per cent.
The company will benefit fully from the increase in penetration of the electronic expansion valve, which was officially launched on 1 January. Despite the impact of the European epidemic, Avico’s operations will continue to make a profit by optimizing management and transforming the supply chain.
Research Assistant: Lee Kingbo, given the rapid increase in the sales of new energy vehicles and the increase in the penetration of integrated modules, we have increased the number of p-ttms returned to the mother in 2021-2023 by 163 times, taking into account the fact that the company is the champion of heat management and gives a “recommended” rating.
1. Tribute smart control (0025050): new energy vehicle sales for zero benefit are not as high as expected; new energy vehicle heating operations are becoming more competitive; the supply of chips is strained to affect car demand; and refrigeration will return to the lift lanes.
Unexpected business needs for refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts and components.
Tingya, a multi-year research experience in the photovoltaic industry, was employed in Solarzoom, New Age Securities, and joined in December 2020. Li Kyung Po, Shanghai Transport University Ben-sung, five years ' experience in the auto industry, was employed in the national sea securities, joined in February 2021, and was responsible mainly for new energy vehicles.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.