Conlong (3759.hk/300759.ch): The performance of 3q23 has been slightly weakened by the investment financing environment, and the corporate slowdown has been largely influenced by the lack of a significant recovery in the global investment environment and the high base for the same period last year.
In addition, the Māori rate is somewhat constrained by the impact of salary adjustments by older employees and the concentration of new staff in schools. Public • 3q23 performance is slightly weakened by the impact of global investment, Māori rates are still not recovering from income growth due to salary increases and increases in financing in the pharmaceutical sector, and Māori rates are compounded by staff salary adjustments and increases in the number of employees.
The rate of income growth has slowed down, with a combination of salary increases and a concentration of new staff during the period of recruitment.
There are projects in the company’s pipeline that have recently been handed over to fda.
Financial statement analysis and forecasting - Conlong as (3759.hk)
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate growth is not as high as expected.
An optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected — demand for project orders is weak; • Māori increases are higher than expected;
• The return on investment follows the overall equity market valuation, which has increased considerably. • The value of equity investment projects has remained stable.
An optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected — demand for project orders is weak; • Māori increases are higher than expected;
• The return on investment follows the overall equity market valuation with a significant increase. • The value of the equity investment project has remained stable. The recipients of this report, by accepting the report (including any relevant annexes), have indicated and assured their right to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to do so:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is compiled from the Group Information and other publicly available information used by the Legacy Group-Poo-Silver International Securities Company Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report should not be interpreted as a legal, tax, accounting or investment matter.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect developments that have taken place after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not invest solely on the basis of the information in this report.
Any decision or action to withdraw funds or other financial aspects. In addition to the presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The Division (collectively “Phossein International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may buy them from time to time.