Improved quality of high-speed growth assets — Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) Quarterly 2021. On October 29, 2021, the company issued a three-quarterly report with a higher than expected increase in net profit returns.
In January-September 2021, the company's gross operating income was 46.794 billion dollars, a year-on-year increase.
We attribute the company ' s 21q3 performance, the high growth in net interest income and the fact that the impairment of assets is intended to be a major driver of performance growth. The net interest income increased by 28.1 per cent over the year, mainly because of the company ' s assets.
The increase in size has been sustained, with a 7.2 per cent increase in asset impairment preparedness over the year, mainly due to poor asset quality improvements and reduced asset impairment readiness. Income tax is the main factor delaying performance, with income tax increasing by 3884.4 per cent over the same period, mainly due to higher current and deferred income tax costs for companies.
At the end of the spectrum, the balance of corporate loans increased by 17.2 per cent in the third quarter over the same period, maintaining an increase of 21h1, with no significant impulses in the discounting of instruments, suggesting that the demand for loans still exists.
This represents an increase of 11.5 per cent in the same amount and 2.8 per cent in the second quarter, and is expected to accelerate the issuance of local government debt. In terms of the end-of-debt, the absorption of deposits has increased as compared to the second quarter, and the balance of corporate deposits has increased by 9.7 per cent compared to 21H1, indicating an increase of 5 per cent compared to 21H1.
The public client base is becoming more robust, while the scale of corporate liabilities has grown faster as a result of faster asset end-of-life growth, with the balance of corporate liabilities increasing by 57 per cent over the year.
Corporate non-performing lending rates have continued to decline, the marginality of the provision coverage has risen, and the quality of the loan assets has continued to improve.1 The semi-annual evaluation of Jiangsu Bank: credit demand has risen by 0.02 pct, which has fluctuated, but remains at a low point over the years.
Investment Recommendations: Overall, the company ' s three-quarters report is over-expected, and as the company deepens its retail transformation, improves its risk controls, and future harvests may continue to increase. On the basis of the above considerations, our net profit gains from the company ' s repatriation are increasing at an accelerated rate, 2, and the In-depth Study of Jiangsu Bank: With Jiangsu Province
2021-08 - We attribute corporate performance to 21q3 and the high growth in net interest income and impairment of assets to be a major driver of growth in industry performance. Net interest income increased by 28.1 per cent over the year, mainly because the size of the company’s assets was maintained
The decline in value readiness. Income tax is the main factor delaying performance, with income tax increasing by 388.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to increased current and deferred income tax costs for the company.
In terms of financial investment, firms have increased their financial investment, with the financial balance rising by 11.5 per cent compared to the second quarter, and 2.8 pct, which is expected to be linked to the acceleration of local government debt issuance.
At the end of the debt, in terms of the absorption of deposits, companies have increased their absorption of public deposits compared to the second quarter, with the business deposit balance increasing by 9.7 per cent over the year and by 5 per cent over the 21h1, indicating a firmer base vis-à-vis the public client base, while corporate corporate liabilities have grown faster as a result of faster asset end-to-end growth, with a comparable balance of corporate liabilities.
Corporate non-performing lending rates have continued to decline, the marginality of the provision coverage has risen, and the quality of loan assets has continued to improve. 21q3, five years of high levels, and the quality of corporate assets has continued to improve. Corporate non-performing lending preponderant indicators are low. 21q3 is concerned about the loan rate of 1.27 per cent, up from 21q2
On the whole, the company’s three-quarters reports are over-expected, and as the company deepens its retail transformation and strengthens its risk controls, future collections may continue to increase. On the basis of these considerations, we have increased the net profit growth rate of the company’s return, with the company’s own research views expected. Any portion of its remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are independent of the company and the author.