Innolight (300308 CH)
Solid 1Q25 earnings w/ strong beat on margins
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB151.00
Innolight has announced 1Q25 results. Revenue was up 38% YoY and 2% QoQ
to RMB6.7bn, driven by continued global cloud capex and growing demand for
(Previous TP
RMB186.00)
400G/800G optical transceivers. NP was up 57% YoY and 12% QoQ to
Up/Downside
86.0%
RMB1.6bn, driven by growth in orders and a better margin. GPM improved to
Current Price
RMB81.19
36.7% (vs. 32.8%/35.1% in 1Q24/4Q24), significantly above BBG consensus of
China Semiconductors
31.9% despite that 1Q GPM was normally lower due to seasonality and price
adjustments. Mgmt. attributed the 1Q25 margin beat to 1) a favourable product
Lily YANG, Ph.D
mix (greater revenue contribution from 800G), 2) operation optimization, and 3)
margin improvements from overseas factories. Maintain BUY on Innolight, as
the company is a key Al beneficiary. We revise TP to RMB151 based on 21.5x
Kevin ZHANG
2025E P/E (vs. prior 27x), at par with the peers' average and reflecting rising
geopolitical uncertainties and lower sector sentiment.
Expect solid 400G/800G demand from overseas/domestic CSPs in
Jiahao Jiang
2025; 1.6T shipments to accelerate starting in 2Q. Mgmt. remains
confident in 800G sales, as overseas customers have largely transitioned
from 400G to 800G deployments. While 400G shipments declined
Stock Data
temporarily, the company noted a pickup in domestic demand, supported by
rising domestic cloud capex, driving a recovery in 400G shipments in the
coming quarters. 1.6T contribution was lower than expected in 1Q but is
forecasted to grow sequentially, per mgmt. We expect Innolight's revenue to
increase by 47% in FY25 (vs. 123% YoY in FY24), driven by continued cloud
Source: FactSet
spending on AI infrastructure.
Shareholding Structure
We project the company's GPM to stay at around 35%-36% in FY25/26E,
driven by continued 800G shipments, 1.6T ramp-up, and annual price
adjustments. The company's 1Q GPM was up 1.6ppt QoQ (vs. -3.2ppt/-
Source: Bloomberg
Share Performance
GPM to be 35.3%.
Tariff risks mitigated by offshore capacity. Mgmt. noted minimal tariff
exposure with all shipments now coming from its 70k sqm Thailand facility,
which manufactures high-end 400G/800G products and benefits from zero-
Source: FactSet
tariff treatment under the current trade rules. However, we maintain a
12-mth Price Performance
cautious stance in light of ongoing geopolitical uncertainty.
Maintain BUY with TP adjusted to RMB151. We believe Innolight's
fundamentals are intact, with revenue/NP revised up slightly by 3%/1% for
FY25. The company remains a key beneficiary of Al infrastructure
investment and enjoys growth potential from both overseas and domestic
cloud capex. New TP is based on 21.5x 2025E P/E (vs. prior 27x), which is
peers avg. The company's stock is currently trading at 11.4x 2025E P/E,
Source: FactSet
which is lower than 1SD-below historical 5-years avg. of 12.8x, undemanding
in our view. Risks: 1) future tariff uncertainty that may affect the company's
operations; 2) rising raw material costs, and 3) slower-than-expected ramp-
up speed.
Earnings Summary
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Note: Data as of 22 Apr close
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.