The year-round growth slowed, and profit growth remained relatively positive. The business boom in 2021 was a negative double drop, asset quality continued to improve, and provision coverage increased slightly.
\triangleright-13bp, the decline in the balance of non-performing loans also indicates a further clean-up of stock risks and substantial improvements in asset quality.
The balance sheet is accelerated in the fourth quarter, with significant investments or growth in non-credit-type assets. Total asset acceleration ratio in 2021 \triangleright
Non-credit-type assets were invested positively in the context of the high circulation of the representative bond market. Investment proposals: performance was generally stable, negative double drops, asset quality was further strengthened, assets were expanded or benefited from the acceleration of non-credit-type assets in the fourth quarter.
The year-round growth rate has declined, and profit growth has remained relatively positive. The performance report shows that big banks grew their operations at the same rate in 2021 -0.1 pct to 7.14 per cent, ring to 2.1 pct; under the low base effect, net profit gains increased at the same rate as net profit increases in the same year +13.5 pct to 14.73 per cent, negative double drop, asset quality continued to improve, and provision coverage slightly increased.
1.25 per cent (ring ratio-9bp), maintaining faster pressure down to the best level since 2015, negative loan balances falling year-on-year, accelerated scale-up in the fourth quarter, non-credit-type assets were released or increased significantly. Non-credit-type assets were invested positively against a background of a relative weakness in the overall asset growth ring of large banks in 2021 +2.5pct and higher issuance of bond markets represented by interest-rate debt.
Performance is generally stable, negative double drops, asset quality is further consolidated, assets are expanded, or benefits from four quarters of non-credit-type capital 21 years pb, covered for the first time, with a “precautiously recommended” rating. Macroeconomic growth is down; asset quality is at risk of deterioration; and broad credit is not as high as expected.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements The methodology and analytical logic of the findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, the findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.