Improved asset quality indicators, with concern for the growth of deposits Summary of annual report data: net profits of large banks in 2021 amounted to $43.4 billion, an increase of 14.7 per cent over the same period.
▪ Improved asset quality indicators, attention to the growth of deposits
Coverage has recovered steadily. An increased rating is given.  19 per cent increase in fees for the fourth quarter over the previous year, provision is being made to increase net profits on contributions.  4-quarter net fees for large banks have been increasing rapidly, with net charges for the entire year being higher than in the previous three quarters.
The annual non-interest income ratio rose to 26.58 per cent, an increase of 4.22 percentage points in the same year. Interest net revenue increased by 1.32 per cent on the same year-on-year basis; revenue grew by 7.14 per cent on the same year-on-year basis, slowing the increase over the previous three quarters (+9.25 per cent, yoy).
The downside of the four-quarters negative rate is evident, with greater recognition of bad public real estate, and the end-of-late 2021 bad-rate ring of big banks has improved markedly from 9bp to 1.25% below the three-quarter period, 30bp. From the regional segment of the non-performing loan balance, the share of the Pearl River Delta has risen to 23.8%;
In the industry, the increase in non-performing loans in the second half of the year is mainly in real estate and construction, and is expected to be affected by increased pressure from real estate firms.
Taking into account the restructuring of corporate credit and deposit performance, we adjusted the company ' s economic downside of 2022/2023 to the price of the market on 25 March 2022, resulting in an over-expected deterioration in asset quality; regulatory controls were over-expected.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Corporation, Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations Summary of the annual report: Big Bank net profit of $43.4 billion in 2021, an increase of 14.7 per cent over the same year, with interest net revenue of 13.2 per cent over the same year, hand in hand.
Net income from the renewal increased by 11.9 per cent over the year, operating income by 7.14 per cent over the year; cost revenue by 28.02 per cent and 1.61 percentage points higher than in 2020. Total assets grew by 9.95 per cent at the end of the year compared with the beginning of the year, total loans by 9.90 per cent compared to the beginning of the year and total deposits by 5.61 per cent.
The four-quarter net revenue of large banks has been increasing rapidly, by 19.2 per cent on a single-quarter basis, leading to an increase in the annual net revenue from fees of 1.7 to 11.9 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, mainly due to an increase of 58 per cent in the revenue from fees for financial services. The average annual growth of the highest bank card revenue was 7.14 per cent compared to the year-on-year revenue of companies, which slowed down the previous three quarters (+9.25 per cent, yoy).
In the case of optimization and an increase in the cost-income ratio, the profit before the provision was increased by 5.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but the provision decreased by 3.8 per cent, resulting in performance, and we are concerned that loan losses fell by 5.1 per cent on a year-on-year provision instead of the loan loss by 15.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and that the increase was attributable to financial investments measured at amortized cost (bond investments, asset securities and trust rights).
Shortening interest differentials, sustained improvement in end-of-debt cost rates
At the end of the liability, the overall cost rate continues to improve in the second half of the year when the cost of a marketized liability falls, but the cost of a deposit is higher than in the first half, and the cost of a deposit for a full year (2.22%) is higher than in the first half (2.20%).
Four-quarter growth rates, a slowdown in deposits throughout the year. Four-quarter growth rates in large banks, with asset size rising by 3.8 per cent over the three-quarter balance, include 4.5 per cent growth in portfolio investment and 62.9 per cent growth in peer assets, both faster than the growth in loans (+0.8 per cent, qoq), a slowdown in loan growth in the four-quarters or a combination.
The company adjusts its credit to a related issue. Business loan balances fell in the second half of the year, platform-related loans are expected to fall, finance, real estate, the water environment and public facilities have declined. At the end of the debt, the year’s increase in deposits slowed down, with an increase of 5.6 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, but the four-quarter increase in deposits improved by 1.8 per cent over the three-quarter period, while deposits increased slightly by 5.6 per cent over the year;
The downside of the four-quarters was marked by a stronger recognition of bad public real estate practices. By the end of 2021, big banks had negative rates ranging from 13 bp to 1.25 per cent lower than at the beginning of the year, and by 9 bp lower than in the three quarters, with significant quarterly improvements, which were associated with an increase in the level of bad disposal.
In the first half of the year, the negative calculator production rate was 1.68 per cent, down from 30bp in 2020; in the fourth quarter, the rate of the Pearl River Delta rose to 23.8 per cent from the regional segment of the negative loan balance; and in the second half of the year, the increase in bad loans was mainly in real estate and construction, and was expected to be affected by the increased pressure on real estate enterprises to operate.
Banks are more relevant to economic development as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development. An ambitious view of economic development affects the performance of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is over-expected. Since 2021, regulation of hidden government debt and real estate regulation has intensified, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, but if financial regulation is expected to over-market, it will affect the performance of banks’ profits.