17q1 performance met expectations and performance guidelines were reported above expectations
The net profit attributable to listed shareholders was $301 million, an increase of 51.17 per cent from the previous year, the non-required performance of shareholders in listed companies for the first quarter was in line with expectations, and the Māori ring improved.
1. 17q1 performance is in line with market expectations. (1) In its performance forecast for the first quarter of 17 years, the company states that the expected 2 performance growth is mainly due to: 1) the company ' s continuous opening of new business, new markets and significant growth in performance, while maintaining a strong market position for the products and industries in which it has a comparative advantage; 2) the company ' s continuous process optimization,
Increased investment in product R & D effectively achieved cost control and technological innovation and further increased profitability. Growth in output from large clients led to rapid growth in performance, continued expansion of product lines to enhance client service capacity.1 During the reporting period, benefits from new iPhones, macbooks, etc. from Apple releases, consumer electronics
The company buys 51% of the share in Metatech (Suzhou), 51% of the interest in Heezhou American Law as a research assistant: Hu Xiaoqiao,2 and we believe that as the main supplier of the iphone8 connector, it will benefit the iphone8 product in its entirety.
The company's introduction of new integrated components such as audio, radio frequency and the further optimization of the product line layout will provide a more complete solution for traditional large clients, significantly increase the single machine value, and will continue to enhance performance.
1. In 2016, the company launched a non-public fund-raising campaign of approximately $4,599 million, with the following projects:
Review: Performance meets market expectations, extending from connectors to enterprise-level high-speed interconnection technology upgrades, smart mobile terminal connectivity module extension, fpc-based medium plating expansion to audio frequency 20170424.
2. We believe that fund-raising projects will contribute to the horizontal expansion of corporate consumer electronics operations, the expansion of corporate connectivity capabilities, and the enhancement of companies’ combined capacity in electronic consumer blocks. Through effective integration of technology and products, companies will better provide downstream consumer electronics components, and the added value of products will increase, no.
Third, profit forecasting and investment recommendation 1, downstream market demand is not as high as expected; second, new business is not progressing as expected; and third, industry competition is increasing.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, China People’s University, head of the business college of China Petroleum University, and head of the business college of China, Ba ' a, entrepreneurship mentor of the Central National University; with nearly 10 years of experience in research in the field of tmt, China joined the NLD securities in 2016. Hu Xiaoyi, assistant in electronics research. Master’s degree in microelectronics and solid electronics from Beijing University, Bachelor of Microelectronics from Beijing University, and in 2016, China’s NLD securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.