Accuracy (002475.sz) Performance of transformational development, opening up new space for new business Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
Performance in 2016: operating income increased by 35.73 per cent to 13.762 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, net profit lighting converters and communications operations generated a significant increase in four quarters of revenue and a gradual return of profitability
In the fourth quarter, $5.346 billion was collected in single seasons, an increase of 69.5 per cent over the previous year, and in the fourth quarter single season, a net profit of $475 million, an increase of 11.7 per cent over the same period last year.
As a result of the huge accumulation of domains, the lighting converter has been significantly upgraded in the fourth quarter, and profitability has returned to normal levels. As a result of the lighting converter import, consumer electronics have grown rapidly, with rapid growth in the first quarter of the year, and new products have been produced in the second half of the year: the company predicts a profit in the first quarter of 2017.
Both the wireless chargers are expected to import a customer’s new machines in large quantities, and to see how the new business is going to be used by large clients, which is expected to be released in the third quarter of this year, and the company’s year-round performance is set to grow at a high rate. The audio-frequency module is integrated, opening up new space for development: the company has created acoustic, antenna teams.
And working with Taiwan's U.S.A., coupled with its superior processing and manufacturing capabilities, the company has emerged from the advantage of integration of the audio-frequency module, which is expected to grow well in the future not only in a client but also in a large domestic market that can expand and have a wide scope for development.
The outbreak of wireless charging is imminent, and there is much to be done: a client's new machine is expected to carry wireless charging, and companies are expected to benefit in depth from being the core provider of the launch module.a Clients are stepping up their research on wireless charging techniques and are expected to increase the rate of charging and promote further maturity of cellular wireless charging technologies.a Cell phones are not available.
Wire charging will mark the period of gold development, and in the future the cellular wireless charging ecosystem will be built up with a wireless charger launch model in cars, high irons, hotels, malls, coffee shops and many public places.
Group, the company has benefited significantly from a small number of cellular emulators. We predict that the company's wireless charger operation in 2017 is expected to exceed expectations and achieve high growth in the next three years.
Cellular antennas and base station antennas and filters will benefit deep 5g communications: with regard to antennas, companies have been deployed for many years, a team of excellence has been introduced from well-known companies around the world, and technological strength has been enhanced. Base antennas are now well under way in the development and certification of mass production, smart terminal antennas and related products.
Importing a client is expected to take a certain share of a client ' s new product in 2017. 5g Both base and terminal equipment will use array antennas, adding a large number of new microbase stations, the number of base antennas and filters is expected to increase by nearly 30 times, and the value of cellular antenna single machines is expected to increase by 10 times,a
In addition, the company has a layout on PV programs and enterprise-level interconnection solutions, which will benefit deep 5g communications. Long, the type-c product is growing rapidly, and the new business is expected to grow rapidly, maintaining the buy-in rating.
a client ' s introduction of new machines in 2017 delayed; new operations such as wireless charging, fpc, antennae, motor, etc.
Click here to enter the text. Historical recommendation and target pricing (RMK) Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise's fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.