Performance is in line with market expectations, from connectors to audio frequency - high-quality (002475) - annual report review, 2016
More recently, the annual report for 2016, profit distribution and capital fund conversion programme: 1) Capital fund transfers to all shareholders by 5 shares per 10 shares (16 years of annual report performance in line with market expectations and significant growth in revenue from consumer electronics and communications operations) have been published.
\triangleright 1 with annual performance in line with market expectations. (1) In its third quarter of 2016, the company reported that it was expected that 2016 precision components/car interconnectivity products and precision components/communication interconnections and precision components/other connectors and their
2. The growth in performance is mainly due to the sustained growth in the scale of sales, particularly in the consumption of electronics and telecommunications, which has increased by billions of yuan, or 11.72 per cent, over the same period; and the high rate of growth in the number of clients benefiting, which has led to a significant increase in the collection of consumer electronics and telecommunications products and the continuous expansion of product lines.
1. The company focuses on the development, production and marketing of connectors and has excellent front-stage engineering design development capabilities, back-stage product engineering services and intelligent manufacturing capabilities, with product applications extending from computers to consumer electronics, communications, automobiles, medical markets, etc., with customers covering well-known brands and manufacturers, both within and outside the country.
Research assistant: During the reporting period, the main recipients were smart mobile terminals, such as oppo and vivo, which were scaled up, and the consumer electronics and telecommunications interconnection product receipts increased significantly: 51 per cent of the share of the MeteTech (Sushu) was acquired.
Investment in 51 per cent of the United States and 51 per cent of the Shanghai and Shanghai shares under the umbrella of the United States of America industry, access to high-quality electronics production processes and rich customer resources in the area of voice devices and audio frequency modules; acquisition of 25 per cent of the electronics (Gian) shares (currently 100 per cent ownership) and improvement of the business layout;
3. We believe that the company ' s extension of product lines from connectors to acoustic/radio frequency devices, wireless chargers, fpc etc. around the demand of older clients for audio and radio frequency functionality integration components will lead to new profitable growth points, based on core technology and high-quality customer resources.
The core products, such as connectors, continue to expand to new clients, and traditional business will continue to grow. Quitting to projects such as connectors, audio frequency devices, and fpc, opening long-line growth space – on audio devices and audio frequency module expansion projects, smart device and fittings applications, ubtype-c
The connectivity module extension project, the enterprise-level high-speed interconnection technology upgrade project, the smart mobile terminal connectivity module expansion project, the fpc process medium plating expansion project.2 We believe that the implementation of the project will enrich the product lines of the company and achieve production.
The vertical integration of efficient expansion, a rational distribution of the output structure, product lines and processes will yield economies of scale, increase the value added of products and better meet the demand of downstream customers for products with fast-renewed components.
1 - Downstream market demand is not as high as expected; 2; new business is not as advanced as expected; 3 and competition in the industry is increasing. Jung Ping, head of the tmt group.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence.