:: Investment rating: buying (maintaining) the age of object-oriented networking and promoting the development of new high-end safety chips
With the rapid development of digitalization and technology, the market for safety chips in emerging markets, such as networked goods, 5g, cloud computing, big data, industrial networking, has expanded and, in order to meet the demands of growing markets, the construction of new high-end, safe-line chip R & D and industrialization projects can be substantially raised when completed.
High-chip algorithmic performance, high-performance computing capability, enhanced product performance and safety, and, in further enhancing company market ownership and competitiveness in high-end safe chips, ensuring technology, iccards have been gradually replacing magnet cards in recent years, becoming a trend for the future.
The secure chip stock market will also maintain a single-digit growth, and the company has replaced the European and American manufacturer as a firm's price compared to a 300-year-old trend in domestic head-suppliers, while overseas operations continue to grow at a high rate.
Although Esim will not replace Sim in the short term, in the 5g era, both consumer-level and object-networking applications have triggered a full-scale outbreak, with traditional sim cards unable to adapt to large-scale network deployments. Strategyanalytics’ latest study predicts that a smart hand supporting Esim in 2020 will be supported.
In Western Europe, the number of deliveries reached 39 million, representing 32% of the total number of smartphones in Western Europe, up from less than 20% in 2019. As a leading provider of solutions for home-grown professional esim products, the product of the Esim card under the flag of the Violet State has been sequenced and long ago.
The next generation of car systems will be used for new types of vehicles, such as hybrids, electric cars, and so on.
The control units in the vehicle system are more efficient and more functionally integrated so that they can respond in a timely manner to the perimeter communications equipment, while using a rich graphical interface to display the human interface and enhance the user’s experience. The research and development of the high-end vehicle control chip is based on the company’s deep cultivation.
Security chip technology and resource accumulation, further diversification of the market layout of the company, upgrading of the firm's core competitiveness, fostering new profit growth points and enhancing the sustainable development of the company
It's going to be a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, smart, safe chip-in-the-mart.
R & D projects fall short of expectations: macroeconomic downside: competition among peers increases.
Figure 3 Corporate IEC revenues (millions of yuan) and speed of increase
Figure 11 Sim Card Development and Comparison Figure 12 Purple Esim Card Figure 132017-2025 Global sales of Esim Card mobile phones
Figure 14 Size and forecast of China ' s car network market (millions of United States dollars) Figure 15 Size and forecast of China ' s goods network market (millions of yuan) Figure 18 Products under the flag of purple light
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.