Kyodonga (000725.sz) Electronic platinum iiii expected 24h1 net profit increase to reach 0led focus high end
1) lcd: 2024h1 benefits from major sporting events and the end of power suppliers, with the end of the phase-up peak and the release of downstream demand becoming conservative. The price of tv-type products rose significantly in March and April, and then became smaller; prices of some of the t-type products began to rise.
Large sizeing continues to be an important driving force in the growth of demand in large sizes of lcd area, with large variations in the average size of markets in different regions, and large growth opportunities in average sizes. In response to changes in demand in the industry, companies insist on “demand-based production”, flexible adjustment of crop lines to demand, and continuous optimization of product structure.)Amoled:
The penetration rate of amoled products has continued to rise, with corporate flexible amoled products growing in the first half of the year on a par; and deep-drawing and folding into high-end amoled markets, taking full advantage of the competitive advantages of companies. Faced with the growing depreciation pressure in the short term, companies will continuously upgrade their technology to match market demand and enhance the overall population.
To build the 8.6-generation amoled line, with a focus on high-end medium-sized products. The company has been deep-deep in flexible amoled for many years, building on its skills, products, etc., and its long-standing clients in major brands around the world.
The basis for cooperation, in particular long-term close cooperation on medium-sized products such as high-endit, vehicle and so on, was the construction of a foundation for a better match to the mooled production line project, which was completed in March 2024 and is expected to be produced by the end of 2026. By that time, the company would be able to synchronize international co-operation, seize high-end markets, and further strengthen its semiconductor production.
Corporate competitiveness as a whole. Corporate investment in the 8.6-generation amoled production line project, whose products will be concentrated in high-end medium-sized products, especially tpc, notebook and vehicle-borne related areas. Market size continues to rise as display panels in the various applications downstream of the oled are updated.
The laptop panel is about 6 million pieces, an increase of 19 per cent over the same year. According to dscc, by 2026, a.
In the meantime, dscc predicts an excess of US$ 2 billion in 2026 for the crop of a flat plate: a combined annual growth rate is expected for the delivery and collection of a flat screen.
Kyoto Easta: 23q4 net profit from mother-to-child increases are significant, at about 49% and 46%.
High demand, the product will gradually transition to hybrid, soft plane, and eventually to flexible folding, curvature, big curvature, and even liberal forms.
The future of the product market has a wide market perspective. Mobile phones drive the unled panel up the price of the gold securities and electricity, and the technology is moving into a new, flexible track. 19 July 2024, Kyoto.
The Orient's visualization facility was introduced in the high-rise area of the Fertilizer Station. Sight technology mainly produces flexible photo-moderated and flexible electronic devices, and works to solve problems such as the high volatility of the skyscreen, which will be used in future applications in the use of vehicles, windows, and soft electronics. In flexible product production processes, Sight has a number of industry leaders.
Core technologies, e.g. soft, low-temperature yellow light technology, flexible film boxing technology, flexible film orientation technology, and constant-pressure film compounding technology.
Easier to complement the strengths of rigid light-reducing technologies of visual science and technology by fast-tracking vehicle-borne landscapes by two-way connections Investment proposals: to promote the deployment of new technologies in a wide range of new applications, such as vehicle/mr/commercial displays, taking into account industry climate rises and optimal competition patterns, taking into account the company ' s 24h1 performance forecast data, and gradually moving from "one-way" to "one-way"
(a) The conversion of a device value creation “to the full value-creation of the whole industry chain of the screen” and the maintenance of an “enhanced-a” rating.