Kyoto Easta (000725.sz) Electronic palladium iii 24h1 performed higher than ever, with semiconductors showing continued leadership in the field
During the first half of the year, the company's business performance improved significantly, achieving business income of 93.386 billion yuan, an increase of 16.47 per cent, and a net return profit of 2,284 million yuan, an increase of 210.41 per cent. Of these, 2024q2, the corporate domain, with five major mainstream applications, remained the highest in the world, with a steady increase in the core client base.
On the one hand, the soft-agled side, the firm's grip on market opportunities, its focus on high-end demand, and the creation of multi-value goods, is the first step in keeping the product in line with the world's output.
In the first six months of 2024, more than 65 million pieces of flexible goods were delivered, up 25% more than the same year. Under the "Clusters" strategy, the company developed the "1+4+n+ecological chain" architecture while showing a sustained lead in business.
Other business plates are bright, with innovation of the Internet, mled, and smart medicine industry growing by 11 per cent, 116 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively. (3) Management: in the area of smart management, companies have always insisted on technological innovation leadership and, despite performance pressures, have maintained the intensity of R & D investment, with R & D spending in the first half of the year increasing by 11 per cent.
R & D inputs accounted for more than 6 per cent of revenue collection; moreover, the efficiency gains achieved by companies were significant, with costs (excluding R & D) falling by 4 per cent over the same period in the first half of the year.
(1) lcd: 1 Supply: Large-scale expansion of the lcd production line in the industry is coming to an end, the lcd panel product is able to slow overall growth, and semiconductors show concentration in the industry as the industry exits and closes production lines.
As a result, competition patterns in the industry continue to be optimized. With regard to the lcd sector, which is influenced by sports events and demand for supplies, the icd sector has increased to a high level in the second quarter; and with the back-up, the tv brand ends, Wang Haivey.
The resulting reduction in procurement demand and the insistence of the continental panel plant on “demand-based production” in line with market demand is expected to be lower in the lcd sector in the third quarter than in the second quarter.2 Demand: the icd terminal market warmed back in the first half of 2024, although domestic tv product promotions did not yield the desired results, there was a partial recovery in overseas end demand.
At the same time, under the pull of major sports events and terminal preparations, the demand for the supply of brand-to-end panels was released ahead of time, with the same increase in the volume of major applications in the first half of the year. Prices: 3, with the demand for brand-to-end purchases recovering in 2024.
Kyoto Easta: expected high net profit from the parent of 24h1 and full increase in the price of the lcdtv panel since February, narrow increase in the price of the lcdtv panel in May, June
High-stable, second-quarter prices outpaced the September 2023 highs. Icdtv panel prices have been pressurized recently by the early pace of some head brand purchases, the weakening of pre-dealing power, and the price of some products of the lcdit class since March.
Rising, continuing a small increase in June, and maintaining a stable price in the near future. (2) amoled: As soft aoled needs marginal improvement - Joaquin securities-electronics-Kyoto - fast, the penetration of panels in smartphones is rising and the global soft amoled panel is expected to emerge in 2024.
The volume of goods increased by the same amount, with both the volume and penetration of folded products increasing significantly. Meanwhile, global Kyoto Easta: 23q4 net profit returns are increasing significantly.
Mled is expected to increase the volume of goods delivered by amoledtpc and nb in 2024 as future e-gold securities+electronics+Kyotodong+public amoled technology upgrades. No, amoled technology will accelerate as the production capacity of 8.6 generations of amoled production lines within the industry is released.
Kyoto Easta: Follow-up on the future demand for the market in the oled, high-end penetration of medium-size applications. (3) Terminal change opportunities: current developments in the ai technology are energy-efficient for products.
It should become apparent and hopefully drive the growth of demand for end-to-end replacements, and a new cycle in the end area will be resonant with the i-innovation drive, which is key to the i-initiation. The i-technology has taken the lead in smartphones (mbl) and nb, making breakthroughs and generating momentum in the areas of automobiles, tablets (tpc), xr, etc.
In addition, most mainstream mobile phone brands have now launched a big model of ai, which is expected to grow in 2025 from a flag to a medium-end high-end product. The Division promotes the deployment of new technologies in a wide range of new applications, such as vehicle/mr/commercial displays.
The shift from “single device value creation” to “single device value creation” and the maintenance of the “uptake-a” assessment downstream demand is less than expected; the ai-led switch process is less than expected.