The panel shows a strong leader and a significant change in profitability.
\triangleright, the global semiconductor, shows a strong leader, amoled's steady growth. \triangleright, first half of 2024. \triangleright \triangleright \
The company further consolidated its position in the area of display, ranking it first in the world in terms of smartphones, tablets, laptops, monitors, and LCD displays in five major applications. Under the “Screen of Screens” development strategy, the company achieved a sustained lead in business while developing the “1+4+n+ecological chain” architecture.
Business plates are bright, with innovation in networking, mled, and smart-doctor businesses growing 11%, 116% and 14%, respectively. For soft-aold, companies focus on market opportunities, and focus on high-powered efforts.
In the first half of 2024, more than 65 million pieces of flexible aoled products were delivered, and the pattern of the lcdtv panel industry reboot with growth, and the profitability of the Kyoto East continued to improve since 2023.
With the production capacity of the supply-side Korean factory, the price-fixing power of the large global lcd panel is from the Korean factory to the 2023 annual review of the Kyoto Easta (000725.sz): the opening of a new order in the lcd industry, which shows a multiplicity of leaders around the world.
Long--2024/04/02, with the resumption of brand-end procurement needs, the price of the lcdtv panel rose across the board from February, the price of the lcdtv panel narrowed in May, the price was stable in June, and the prices of the second quarter were out of reach in September 2023
Point. In response to industry trends, the Māori ratio of 2q24 in the Tokyo East reached 17.46% and net profit from the non-repatriation of 1017 million yuan, which is a single-season high since 2q22. Recently, affected by the pace of some head brand purchases, reduced cargo dynamics, the price of the lcdtv panel was pressured, but by the industry's “demand-driven” strategy.
As a result, the company expects that the overall yield rate for the industry in the three quarters will be lower than in the two quarters, that the downward adjustment in the rate will be sufficient to mitigate the decline in the prices of the product in the three quarters, and that the company expects that the price of the product in the four quarters will have limited scope.
The ball shows the growth of the leading industry voice and leadership of the new technology, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Or the development of the new technology is less than expected; the risk of impairment of assets; the methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions; the present report is presented independently and objectively and is accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.