Half-yearly, the 1h24th Battalion collects 93.386 billion yuan (oy+16.47 per cent) and the mother earns 2,284 million yuan (yoy) in net profit.
Huhui2@guosen.com.cn lcdtv panel prices are moderate, industry profitability is gradually improving, with 2024 Māori 17.46% (Yoy+6.4 pt, qoq+3.0 pt).
The price of the 1h24lcdtv panel has gone up, showing a similar improvement in the device's Māori ratio. The company has maintained a semiconductor leading field, with five mainstream applications in the lcd area steadily ranking as the world's leading, with a steady rise in the core client ratio.
The product remains the world's largest commodity. Over the last two years, the price of the lcdtv panel has fluctuated under supply-side control strategies, and the industry is expected to move to a steady profit phase. According to witsview, the lcdtv panel is good, and the Māori rate of the 1h24 show device business has increased by 7.92 ptt to 13.91 per cent over the same period.
Leed continues to infiltrate the smartphone panel, with 1h24 producing more flexible ones than ever before. The global smartphone market is warming back and up with the release of the oled production, and the oled panel continues to penetrate low-level markets, with 1h24 global amoled smartphones selling 420 million pieces, an increase of 50.1%.
Consultancy, 64.4 million pieces of soft-led panels from 1h24, 27 per cent higher than the previous year, in second place worldwide, with companies continuously increasing the share of high-end products such as ltpo, folding, etc., and increasing the share of high-end flagship products.
According to cinnoresearch, 2024 Chinese folding screen mobile phone sales amounted to 2.62 million, an increase of 121 per cent and a penetration rate of 3.6 per cent over the same period.
Kyoto Easterna (000725.sz) - Quarterly improvements in profitability and the start of the lcd industry
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and the same rate of increase: Company operating income for the single quarter and the same rate of increase
Figure 3: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 4: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase in the same quarter, Figure 6: Single-quarter sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates of the company
Figure 5: Corporate single-quarter combined Māori rates, parent rate net interest rates, period cost rates Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future