The resource endowment's excellent growth coal core asset, the depth report of the Shaanxi coal industry (601225.sh)
Wang Chimin Research Assistant, a growing coal core asset with excellent resource endowments.
Core summary: We believe that the current market, while recognizing its superior and profitable resources, still undervalues its resources from the valuation point of view, the core competitiveness and competitive barriers to its advantages in the coal industry (601225.sh) and its inherent potential for resource integration as the leader of the West.
The potential for development, particularly in the context of the “13th Five” coal industry’s cyclical trend, is seriously underestimated, both static and dynamic, both domestically and internationally. The resource endowments provide low-cost, high-quality coal products that give companies an incomparable core competitiveness.
The company has 16.35 billion tons of coal geological reserves, 10.96 billion tons, and is ranked third among the listed companies. The company's coal resources are characterized by low ash, low sulphur, low phosphorus, high heat, etc., and are high-quality dynamics.
The company has an existing and demonstrated capacity of 10.25 million tonnes/year (6.472 million tonnes/year) and is ranked third among the listed companies. On the other hand, the mining technology is simple because of the excellence of the resource endowments.
The cost advantage is significant. The company produced only 119 ton of coal in 2017, which is significantly lower than the cost of other coals listed on the market, and the scale effect of quality resources puts the company at the front end of the industry cost curve, at a very high level of coal prices.
Strong profitability, coupled with very low cash costs, can strongly offset the risk of cyclical fluctuations. The company obtained 8 million tonnes per year of production approval for Xiaobao 1 in 17 years, scheduled to test production in the third quarter of 18 years, and Xiaobao 8 million tonnes per year) Xiaojie Research Assistant
At 4%, 8%, and around 4%, low-cost coal mining operations will continue to raise the company’s performance on coal plates. The company’s location is the province with the greatest potential in the country’s future coal-producing areas, and as the only large coal consortium in the province, it benefits significantly from the fact that other companies will not grow as well in the future.
Coal development during the 13th Five-Year Plan will further compress the east, limit the centre and northeast and optimize the west, specifically the 20171214 coal industry ' s 2018 strategy to reduce the production of Lu Xinyu coal base, to control the size of the Mon Xinyu coal base, and to promote the construction of the Xinjiang coal base in Xinjiang.
In 18 years, the coal plate will be a historic event, and in the future coal production capacity will be concentrated almost entirely in the Shinjong region, where Shanxi and Utsun remain at their current level of 1 billion tons, and the coal production capacity plan for Shaanxi Province will rise from 574 million tons in 2015 to around 650 million tons in 2020, and the company will be located in Shaanxi Province.
The Global Coal Market Supply and Demand Analysis Report will be the only province with a significant increase in production during the 13th Five-Year Period. By 2020, the company's main mining area will have produced 260 million tons of Xinbei base and 900 million tons of Xindong base.
Strategy: Long supply and demand elasticity determines market trends, focusing on Merger Reforms by State Enterprises 2017.6.26.
The future coal industry will be an important platform for the integration of coal resources in the west, with the potential for growth of other companies incomparable.
“Investment strategy in the coal industry 2017: Cho, Sindha Securities Co. Ltd., Xinghua Railways, which connects the main “south south of the North Coal”, will break through transport bottlenecks and significantly boost the public sector.
"Cindasecuritiesco.ltd is over-expected and demand is still on hold."
The company’s future sales growth point will focus on the south-west and south-east, and the construction of a 19-year-old “Monghua” railway delivery will significantly increase the capacity to carry coal out of Shaanxi province and reduce the cost of transporting and selling coal in Shaanxi province. In addition, the Jing-Sang Railway connection to “Munhua” will open up the company’s transport route to the mines, thereby upgrading Mon-Wau.
The railways are worth more to the company. The pipe is now the longest designed and the first long-range coal pipeline in the world, built by the West Coal industry.
There will be a decline of about $40~50/tonne, or about 17–22%, and a significant increase in the company’s operating and profitability. There will be a significant improvement in profitability, a strong cash flow, a gradual decline in capital spending and liabilities, and a greater potential for high future dividends. Performance has recovered since 2016, and performance in 2017 has continued to rise, with a net return of $10,449 million (Yoy279.30%).
With a significant increase in corporate profitability, net operating cash flows rose significantly to 16,930 million yuan in 2017, while interest-bearing liabilities were only 22,775 million yuan, with an asset-liability rate of 44.43 per cent below the average of 46.15 per cent for coal-listed companies, while firm capital expenditures fell for two consecutive years with the development of the North Pole over the peak of investment. For 18, 19 and 20 years, the company ' s free cash flows were projected.
With the continued deleveraging, and with a stronger cash-sharing capability, the company has continued to grow since its listing in 2014, and the company has the potential to further increase its share in cash flows, with a greater potential for a higher share in the future. Quite a profit forecast and investment rating: to benefit from a better cycle in the coal industry over the next two to three years, a rise in coal prices, corporate power.
On track, we believe that companies can enjoy a relatively higher valuation level, based on company performance in 2018, taking into account comparable common risk factors: the risk of volatility in coal markets, the risk of safe production, the risk of cyclical fluctuations in macroeconomics, etc.
The company is a joint venture of the Sanxi Coal Industries Chemical Group, which is financed by the assets of the main coal industry. It is a joint venture of the Tri-Fontor Group, the China Energy Development Group, the Shaan-xi colour group, and the drum group established on 23 December 2008. The company's main business is coal mining, washing, processing, marketing and production services. The main products are coal, characterized by low ash, low sulfur, low phosphorus, high heat, etc., and are high-quality power, chemical and metallurgical coal.
Several brands, such as the Red Willows, have been rated on several occasions as “trusted products”, “good-quality coal products” in Shaanxi Province.
The company's main business consisted of raw coal, coal washing, transport operations, etc., with revenues from the company's original coal, washing coal, transport operations in 2017 amounting to $40,364 million, and 83.65 votes” settlement effects amounting to $369.50 per ton, an increase of $136.31 per ton, an increase of 58.46 per cent. The total cost of the original unit selected (including taxes and attachments, same caliber adjustment for the previous year) was $181.71 per ton, an increase of 15.07 per ton, an increase of 9.04 per cent, including an increase in revenue, an increase of $6.54 per ton in tax fees and equipment repair and production.
A total of 13 pairs of first-level safety quality standards, representing nearly 90% of total production capacity. Companies also show coal production capacity of 10.25 million tonnes/year, and equity capacity of 647.2 million tonnes/year. (2) The company’s two-to-one mine-to-mine mines (16 million tonnes) are in the process of building mine-to-to-mine mine number one and mine number two in the north zone, providing a good basis for the subsequent release of high-quality production capacity. Secondly, resource endowments provide low-cost, high-quality coal products that give the company an incomparable core competitiveness.
2.1 In terms of resource retention, the company is an absolute leader in the industry, and in terms of coal reserves, the coal reserves in the Xinxi industry are the third highest among the companies listed in the coal industry. As of 2017, the company ' s combined coal reserves in the three mining areas of Xiangbei, Pingye and Xiaobei are 16.43 billion tons, with 10.27 billion tons of coal available. At current production levels, the company ' s coal resources are sufficient for 100 years of exploitation.
More than 97% of the company’s coal resources are located in high-quality coal-producing areas such as Xiaobei and Bingyeon. In a horizontal comparison, the company’s coal reserves are second only to those of China’s listed companies (23.7 billion tons of resources, 1.59 billion tons of coal reserves) and China’s coal energy sources (23.440 billion tons of resources, 13,865 million tons of reserves).
In terms of coal production, by the end of 2017 coal production outperformed that of China. In terms of production, domestic coal companies showed a gradual downward trend owing to a natural decline in production capacity over a long period of time, but, as a result of the release of new capacity, coal production reversed, with coal production rising by 10.97 million tons in 2017, an increase of 9.69 per cent over the same period of 8.92 million tons, with production being second only to that of Shunhua and Central Coal Energy.
The value of the company’s market value/repository is lower among companies listed in the coal category, and the value of the company’s resources is likely to be underestimated. Resources are fundamental to the development of mineral-type companies, and the value of coal resources is the source of future profits for coal companies. The value of the market value of tons of coal is partly a reflection of the relationship between the value of the company’s intrinsic value and the market valuation, which, in the case of companies in the single coal industry, means that the market’s valuation deviates from the value of the company’s intrinsic value and the company’s reserves.
The greater the risk of being underestimated, we calculate the market value of the company on the basis of the collection price on May 31, without taking into account the market value of other non-prime industries of the company concerned, with the result that the market value of the company is 8 yuan/tonne/tonne below the average coal industry level of 15 yuan/tt and 14 ton/tt of the power coal plate, and that the market value of the company ' s coal resources is relatively low, taking only into account the company ' s availability of coal resources, and that the company ' s geological storage conditions are very strong and the mining environment is better, so that, overall, the value of the mineral resources is evaluated.
2.2 In terms of the quality of the resources, the combined quality of the resources of the company belongs to the best of the power coal companies.
Pyrotechnics, weak viscos and gas are high-quality power, chemical and metallurgical coal; with the gradual removal of lost mines from China's northern region, the share of production in the bingang and Xiaobei mining areas, which account for 85 per cent of the available reserves, has risen gradually, reaching 91 per cent in 2017 and 6 percentage points higher than in 2016, with the sum of 56 per cent in the north, 35 per cent in the south and 9 per cent in the north.
Coal is “one and three low” (high heat, low sulphur, low phosphorus, low ash) and has a significant advantage. The company’s coal products, which have several brands, such as the “Hungles” and “Hungles One” and “Tazhu” and “Long Gate” and “Red Willows” have been rated as “trusted products” and “good-quality coal products” by Shaanxi on several occasions. 2.3 From the point of view of resource extraction conditions, the company’s unique resource conditions have created the lowest cost of mining in the industry.
The cost of raw materials, fuel and powered tons of coal in the company was 22.5, 16.4, 13.1, 12.9 yuan, with an average cost of 16.2 yuan in 2014-2017; the cost of horizontally comparing raw materials, fuel and powered tons of coal of Chinese dragonheads was 24.6, 20.6, 18.3, 17.9 yuan, with an average cost of 20.4 yuan, thanks to the company ' s simple geological structure of the mine, the large size of the single well, the relatively short delivery time of the mine, the company ' s raw materials, and the company ' s raw materials,
The cost of coal for fuel and power ton is $4.2 lower than in China, and figure 6: Tons of coal materials and depreciation costs in the Xiangxi industry ($/t) Figure 7: Tons of coal materials and depreciation costs in the Xiangzhou industry ($/t)
(ii) The simple conditions of coal-bed storage and the low level of company safety fees and discounts. In accordance with the regulations of the National Development Reform Commission, the National Inspectorate for Coal Safety and the Ministry of Finance, further regulation of the management of coal mines for the maintenance of simple reproduction costs (hereinafter referred to as the coal mine allowance), improvement of the coal mine for the maintenance of a simple reproduction input mechanism, and provision for enterprises to draw monthly coal-mining discounts based on the actual production of the original coal, with 10.50 yuan per ton of coal from the coal-type companies in the province of Shaanxi; and, in addition, 15-30 tons per ton of original coal production.
The cost of production safety is recovered from the yuan; the sum of the company ' s fee of 20.6 yuan per ton for safety and coal mines is combined. In comparison, China ' s cost is 14.7 yuan per ton for the corresponding year of the Shunhua industry, 20.5 yuan per ton for the Seongzhou coal industry, 12.7 yuan per ton for the Great Coal industry and 32.9 yuan per ton for the Yangtze coal industry. The company ' s geological conditions are simple, the level of gas in the mines is low, the cost is relatively low and the specialized reserve costs are low.
3. Most of the company ' s wells are highly efficient in recent years, with the company ' s per capita output increasing significantly, and the cost of coal labour is low. On the one hand, most of the company ' s wells are highly efficient in recent years, thanks to better corporate resource endowments, more mechanized production and lower cost of company mines. On the other hand, the company stripped off the old mine, paying a total of $5.28 billion in 2017 for its employees, a total of 28,022 employees, up to $188,000 per person, and higher paid water.
While the level of remuneration for personnel is relatively high, the social burden is relatively low, the labour costs are extremely low in the industry, and the labour cost advantage is more pronounced. Taken together, in 2017, the company ' s original coal unit was selected at a full cost (including taxes and surcharges) of $181.71 yuan per ton, an increase of around 9.04 per cent over the same year, of which the increase in income affected taxes, an increase of $6.54 per ton, an increase of $5.54 per ton in equipment repair and production works, and a rise of about 6 per cent in the company ' s ton coal production costs.
By comparison, China’s Chinese supplier’s own coal unit production cost in 2017 was 108.5 yuan/t (Yoy-0.4 per cent) higher than 6.4 ton/t; it was at a lower level in well-worked coal mines, with significant cost advantages. Given the company’s low cost of cutting off old and lost mines, the likelihood of a significant increase in the cost of self-produced coal was lower. At this stage of high coal prices, the company’s Maori rate of coal plates increased significantly. In 2012-2015, the level of Maori in coal operations in the Xinxi industry was almost equal to that of Chinese coal, but the level of Maori in 2012–15 was similar to that of Chinese coal.
After being stripped of a large number of inefficient mines in 2016, the Māori rate of
1. With regard to coal prices, assuming that the original price of the choice of coal is 184 yuan/tonne, that the price of washing coal is 227 yuan/tonne and that the company ' s combined price of coal is 189 yuan/tonne; with regard to coal costs, assuming that the original cost of coal is 120 yuan/tonne, that the cost of washing coal is 20 yuan/tonne and that the company ' s combined cost of coal is 140 yuan/tton; and with regard to the assumption that the company ' s capital expenditure has not increased significantly;
In the above scenario, we measure the company’s operating income of $27,480 million, resulting in a net return of $497 million for the mother, and a net cash flow of $7,260 million for its operations. The company’s profitability is more stable, thanks to better cost control and unique geological conditions.
2.4 From the point of view of the release of future high-quality resource capacity, companies are in the process of releasing low-cost and high-quality resources, and the company’s capacity in the Xinbei mining area is constantly being released, leading to a significant increase in core competitiveness.
The company’s core competitiveness and level of operation will increase significantly with the continuous release of high-quality production capacity, with a yield of 2.8 billion tons with an average heat of more than 6,000 kilocalories and less than 0.2% sulphur, suitable for mechanized mining. By the end of 2017, the company’s state-of-the-art energy mines accounted for 69% of the total capacity; the first-level safety quality standards were 13, representing nearly 90% of the total capacity.
More than 92% of the production capacity is located in the country's “13th Five” priority coal bases: the Shindong Base, the Shubei Base, and the Huang Yu Base. Of these, 7 mines, such as the Yellow Hills Mine I, the 2nd Mine, the construction of new mines, the Red Willow Mines, the lemon towers, etc., were collected through standard tests at the level of the General Directorate of National Security and included in the first national level in the standardization of safe production.