The expansion of coal-fired coal iii and the improvement of transport bottlenecks are the two bright spots for the future, while companies have reduced their trade in coal, with sales of merchandise amounting to 12.38 million tons, a decrease of 0.83 per cent from the same year;
An average price of $369.50 per ton, an increase of 58.46% over the same period, is the main driver of growth in corporate income and profitability. Xiao Bodang, Yuanjia, is the main increase in production over the next few years: 16 million tonnes per year were approved by the National Development Commission.
The company’s coal price competitiveness will be greatly enhanced by the Monhua Railway: the company’s coal road sales in 2017 accounted for about 60% of the price. Of this, the Sanbei mining area is mainly transported by road, and the gas price is nearly three times that of the railway, significantly reducing the company’s coal price competitiveness.
After the railway bottlenecks were eased, the company sold coal in the above-mentioned areas.
It is expected that the volume and profit space will increase further.
1. Coal production increased slightly and sales remained stable by 12.38 million tons, a decrease of 0.83 per cent in the same year, of which 9,738 million tons were sold as home-grown coal, an increase of 7.23 million tons in the same year, an increase of 8.02 per cent, and trade in coal sales by 26 million tons, a decrease of 8.26 million tons in the same year, a decrease of 24.11 per cent.
In terms of coal, the company’s original coal sales were 10.38 million tons, a decline of 6.21% from the same year, while its cleaning sales were 1.55 million tons from the same year to the same year, an increase of 62.39% from the same year and an increase of 53.05% from the same year’s average price of trade coal sales of 400 yuan from the same year. The sharp rise in coal prices was the main driver of growth in corporate revenues and profits.
The production structure continues to be optimized, with the cost of self-produced coal falling in 2017 at $181.71/tonne, an increase of 15.07/tonne in the same year, an increase of 9.04%. After deducting the foreign purchase of coal, the cost of production of self-produced coal was converted to $84.54/t, the lowest value since 2014.
From 2015 to 2016, the company continued to strip out seven pairs of mines and three mines with high costs, low product quality and low profitability, while acquiring 51% of the ownership of the Department of Mines and Mines in Binguang, thereby further optimizing the production structure. In 2017, the production of the mine area continued to cut by 2.49 million tons, representing a share of total production.
Decline of 3.5 percentage points to 8.56 per cent, with a further increase of 10.9 per cent to 3603 tons per person/year per person/year compared with 2016. 3 or 4 quarters of less trade coal purchases, rising overhead costs, income of 11.523 billion yuan per quarter, a 16.6 per cent decline in ring ratio, a 59.43 per cent increase in ring value, 5.6 per cent increase in ring value
Percentage point; net shareholder gain of 2,381 million yuan, a decline of 8.26% in the ring ratio. The decline in the income ring ratio and the increase in the Maori ratio were due to a decrease in the volume of coal purchased in trade, which was 2,537 million tons in four quarters, a decline of 2.87% in the ring, and 26,62 million tons in coal sales, a decline of 19.87% in the ring; net profit growth was lower than income was due mainly to a rise in management costs and four-quarters management fees.
iv. Production growth and transport bottlenecks are the two main points of view in the future: 1, Little Bodang, and Yuan's Beach are the main additions. The company owns high-quality resources from China's main coal production areas. By 2017, the company had 16,432 million coal geological reserves.
The company has excellent coal resources of 10,269 million tons. More than 97% of coal resources are located in high-quality coal-producing areas such as Xiangbei, Bingyeon, characterized by a high-voltage, low-sulphur, low-phosphorus, low-grew, and high-quality environmental power, metallurgy, and chemical-industrial coal. At present, the company ' s 15-to-producer pits are 7 pairs of advanced-energy mines, accounting for 69% of total capacity; they have reached level I security.
The company’s future production growth is mainly due to the mini-podang and Yuan Dabang mines. Xiaobo’s number 1 is the weight of a reduction in capacity to deal with the succession of resource-depleted coal production and the relocation of people in China.
On 5 December 2017, the National Development Reform Commission approved the construction of a coal mine project to reduce coal production capacity as a coal production option.
Billion yuan (excluding the cost of mining rights). According to the document of the leadership group on coal rehabilitation, closure and resource integration in Shaanxi province, entitled " Integration of coal resources in Central Energy Elmsyang " (No. [2013] 6), and the People ' s Government of Shamsi, " Off-site replacement of coal resources in Central Energy Elmsing Coal "
In response to the integration issue (Sing Dynasty Letter [2013] 161), it was agreed to replace the Chinese energy ellipse mine with the Yuan Dynasty field. The Yuan Dynasty coal mine was developed by Jinxi Central Energy Coal Fields Ltd., with 34% of the company's share. The Yuan Dynasty mine had 892 million tons of geological storage and 5 million tonnes of design capacity per year, with a planned investment of 4.75 billion yuan.
According to information, in March 2018, the coal mine planned to start with an interview production, and in September, the second integrated surface will be ready for production.2 The Monhua Railway will increase the price competitiveness of the company ' s coal, which sold about 40 per cent of the rail transport in 2017 and about 60 per cent of the road sales.
Road transport, while gas prices are nearly three times the price of rail transport, raises the cost of long-distance transport to the plant, causing the public to be less competitive in the price of coal, which once became a constraint on the company’s development. The construction of the Monhua Railway will fundamentally change the situation.
The seven provinces are another long-range coal transport route after the Qin line. The railways are located in the cities of Holya, Kansai, Xiyan, Shanxi, Henan's tri-gorge (Lingbao East), Hesang, Hubei Xiangyang, Hubeimen, Hubeizhou, Hu Yiyang, Jiang Xi-chun, Jiang Xinyu. The final destination has arrived.
The project began in August 2015, with a total construction period of five years and a planned annual delivery capacity of over 200 million tons. On March 17, 2018, the Monhua railway began to be fully re-routed. The company is building a connection between the Jing-seong railway and the north station on the side of the Mon-hua railway.
The railways will be connected directly to the Hong Kong Railway, the Red Lemon Railway, the Transhamber Railway, and to the Monhua Railway, the Huaj Railway, and the Shinsaku Line and the Qin Line, creating a large railway ring in the North Korean Coal-rich Zone and solving the root problem of the high cost of company coal transport.
There are new vacancies in coal supply in China and South-West Provinces where companies have a regional advantage over major consumer markets such as Xinjiang and Kawasaka, while railway bottlenecks are about to improve.
The five provinces with the largest cumulative share of degenerative capacity in consumption in the provinces of Chongqing, Hunan, Sichuan, Jiangxi, Hubei, etc., together accounted for 67 per cent of total coal consumption in the five provinces in 2016-2017. The five provinces together accounted for 36 per cent of the coal self-sufficiency rate in 2017, with a coal deficit of 122 million tons.
In short, in terms of the regional distribution of company sales, China and South-West sales have increased since 2016 and 2017, and the company’s Māori ratio for coal sales in China and South-West is much higher than in fully competitive markets in South-South and East China, after the North-West region where the company is located. After the railway bottlenecks have been resolved, the company’s coal sales and profitability in these areas are expected to increase further.
Figure 9: Regional distribution of corporate coal sales in 2017. Companies plan to sell their own products in 2018, with unit sales costs roughly equal to those of 2017. With regard to coal prices, we expect a shift in the tightening of coal policy in 2018, where the government will set an orderly release as unnuclear.
Aquariums enter the market in exchange for capacity, supply is loose, and the economy is under downward pressure, with coal supply and demand transitioning from under-balanced to under-balanced, and coal prices are high. Companies’ coal prices follow market fluctuations and their annual averages fall slightly.
In 1 per cent, there was a 4 per cent change in net profits; corporate risks were the construction of mines, the start-up of production, and the pace at which production was achieved, as expected; and corporate performance was more elastic to the price of coal.
Summary of forecast and valuation data in the statement of operations