The new project is being phased out, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre is continuing to grow in q3 battalion.
q3 sector sales have been recovering and government subsidies have increased profits. As new models have been introduced and price preferences have increased, the 23q3 domestic car industry has continued to warm, bringing total wholesale sales to 6.86 million vehicles, compared to 3.5%, and the ring to 11.9% (CFA). Most of the company’s clients have grown significantly, including Chiré + 22.4%/+24.4%.
The company received a government grant of $4.98 million to drive the net interest-rate ring up. The turbo light product has been upgraded, and the client profile has been expanded. The lights are being upgraded to electronic, intelligent, digital.
Light products have become a new trend. The average unit value of company products for 22 years is 129.2 yuan, or +15.4 per cent, of which 37.2 per cent, or +4.9 pp, is the ratio of high-value-added front and post-package lamps. With the company ' s product, 36 new vehicle-type e-development projects have been achieved, with high-quality new projects in place.
Companies are active in opening up new energy customers, and as the client structure continues to improve, the share of high-technology, high-value-added products continues to rise, and there is still much room for city-to-market growth. Technology research and development accelerates, and shares buy-back shows confidence.
The dlp smart prelights are expected to yield by the end of 2023, and the hd smart prelights based on microlled technology are expected to reach production levels in 2024 and continue to be in the forefront of the industry. As of April 30, 23, they are planned to be owned to demonstrate management confidence.
Starwoo shares (601799): q1 performance pressure, pending industry stability (2023-05-03) Starwoo shares (601799): asp growth.
New energy clients are released without, and will not receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.