行 全
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Willsemi (603501 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
The next chapter beyond mobile CIS is coming
Target Price
(Previous TP
RMB 370.75)
Up/Downside
+44%
Willsemi released 1H21 results last night, with revenue/NP growth of 55%/127%
Current Price
YoY, in line with previous announcement. 1H21 revenue/NP accounted for
China Technology Sector
43%/46% and 45%/48% of our/consensus FY21E estimates. The GPM improved
to 33.7% from 29.9% in FY20 due to favorable product mix. Looking forward, we
Lily Yang
are positive on the Company's expansion driven by high growth in non-
mobile CIS segments and GPM improvement. We reiterate BUY rating on
Willsemi, an established player with diversified product portfolio, with unchanged
TP of RMB 370.75.
Alex Ng
Solid growth in mobile CIS and greater-than-expected contribution from
non-mobile CIS. Although there are mixed views on smartphone camera
spec, we believe mobile CIS will continue to deliver solid results on
smartphone updates. Meanwhile, the Company's mgmt. emphasizes greater
potentials beyond mobile market, which has stronger demand and higher
Stock Data
GPM. We believe earnings contribution from non-mobile CIS will surpass
mobile CIS in FY22E thanks to rapid growth in automobile, security, AR/VR
and medical.
Recent price increase from foundries due to semi shortage has limited
impact on the Company. First, Willsemi's capacity is well protected by the
Shareholding Structure
agreement with the foundries. Its two main wafer suppliers, SMIC and HLMC,
will expand its capacity by next year, which will support production for the
Company. Second, we believe semi shortage is a global event that affects all
players. Backed by strong demand, we think the Company is able to transfer
the cost pressure to clients and deliver higher GPM.
Reiterate BUY rating with unchanged TP of RMB370.75. We derive our TP
of RMB370.75 by applying 50x FY22E P/E. We believe this valuation is
justified given 1) its leading position in CIS market with global presence and
Source: Bloomberg
2) its integrated semiconductor platform with diversified product portfolio. We
view recent correction as an attractive opportunity for investors to gain
12-mth Price Performance
exposure to quality Chinese semi fabless names that can ride strategic trends.
Willsemi is currently trading 1-sd below historical P/E, which is very attractive.
■ Potential risks include 1) slower market growth, 2) intensified competition, 3)
worse-than-expected semi shortage and 4) new disruptive technology.
Earnings Summary
Auditor: BDO
Recent report:
China CIS market: Beginning of multi-
year growth cycle; Initiate BUY on
1H21 Results Review
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Valuation
Reiterate BUY with unchanged TP of RMB370.75 (44% upside)
We reiterate BUY rating with TP of RMB370.75, as we think Willsemi is an established
player with diversified product portfolio. We derive our TP by applying 50x FY22E P/E.
1 SD above the 2-year historical forward P/E. We believe this valuation is justified given 1)
its leading position in CIS market with a global presence, 2) its integrated semiconductor
platform with diversified product portfolio and 3) expected share gain due to business
expansion and advances in technology.
We take the recent volatility as an attractive opportunity for investors to gain
exposure to quality Chinese semi fabless names that can ride strategic trends. The
stock is now trading at 34.5x 2022E P/E vs. 53.4x of its peers.
Potential risks include 1) less-than-expected market growth, 2) intensified competition, 3)
worse-than-expected semi shortage and 4) new disruptive technology.
Source: Bloomberg and CMBIS, as of 26 Aug 2021.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS does not
provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or its affiliate(s)
to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any
transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense
whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report
does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIS
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices
and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or
conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment
decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of
its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this
report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any
responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published
in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.