CMB INTERNATIO
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Bank of Communications (601328 CH)
HOLD (Initiation)
Stable earnings growth setting pace for large banks
Target Price
Up/Downside
+13.6%
Current Price
On 27 Aug, BoCom reported 1H19 net profit of RMB 42.7bn, up 4.9% YoY and
accounting for 55.3%/57.3% of CMBIS/consensus full-year estimates. In 2Q19,
PPoP rose moderately by 4.3% YoY (vs 15.7% YoY in 1Q19), as growth in both
China Banking Sector
net interest income and net fee income softened. The high base effect also led
to a YoY decline in trading gains. However, bottom-line earnings growth was
Terry Sun, CFA
largely stable at 4.8% YoY (vs 4.9% YoY in 1Q19), thanks to tax savings from
rising investment in tax-free government bond. 1H19 annualized ROE slid
0.2ppt YoY to 12.8%.
Karen Sui
■ Results positives: 1) Healthy loan growth of 5.7% HoH outpaced total
asset growth of 3.7% HoH. 1H19 new loans was mainly from corporate
segment (+8.0% HoH), as retail loans (+1.1% HoH) were held back by falling
credit card overdrafts (-10.0% HoH). Outstanding discounted bills surged
Stock Data
41.7% HoH, suggesting the Bank's falling risk appetite. 2) Deposit growth
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
380,011
picked up to 5.9% in 1H19 (vs 4.7% in 1H18), sending LDR down slightly to
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB mn)
83.6%. That said, proportion of demand deposit declined 0.7ppt to 41.3%. 3)
52w High/Low (RMB)
6.85/5.4
Asset quality remained solid, as NPL ratio was stable at 1.47%, and
Total Issued Shares (mn)
39,251 (A)
provision also held steady at 173.5%. NPL recognition was prudent,
35,012 (H)
with >90-day overdue loan/NPL at 116%.
Source: Bloomberg
Results negatives: 1) 2Q19 NIM contracted 3bp QoQ to 1.56%, by our
estimate. Despite lower interbank funding cost (-15bps HoH), deposit cost
climbed 10bp HoH due to heightened deposit competition. With relatively
large proportion of interbank liability, BoCom would gain more from
Source: Company data
monetary easing, but marginal benefit should diminish going forward; 2)
Share Performance
Retail loan exposure declined 1.5ppt to 32.2%. BoCom's below-peers
Absolute
Relative
retail loan proportion could make it more vulnerable to interest rate
1-mth
-6.1%
-3.7%
liberalization, although the Bank said during results briefing that the pricing
-9.3%
3-mth
-13.5%
of 70% new loans YTD was already based on LPR. 3) 1H19 CIR was 1.4ppt
6-mth
-14.5%
-16.3%
Source: Bloomberg
higher at 36.2%, as opex rose 16.8% YoY. Management explained
investment in technology development accounted for over 5% of total opex,
12-mth Price Performance
and will increase to 10% in coming years.
Initiate BoCom-A with HOLD rating and RMB 6.2 TP. BoCom-A currently
trades at 0.59x FY19E P/B, 12% below its past 5-year mean of 0.67x. Our
TP of RMB 6.2 is based on GGM-derived target P/B of 0.67x and FY19E
BPS of RMB 9.3.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: PwC
Related Reports
Faster-than-peers NIM expansion -
Key beneficiary on policy support for
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Valuation
We use Gordon Growth Model to derive the TP for BoCom-A. Our key assumptions
include: 1) Cost of equity of 13.8%, 2) Sustainable ROE of 10.2%; 3) Long-term growth
rate of 3.0%. Our TP of RMB 6.2 is based on a target P/B of 0.67x and FY19E BVPS of
RMB 9.3.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all
investors. CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual
investment objectives, financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events
may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not
guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS
recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a
professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any
security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants,
directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying
on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or
correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change
without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect
different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions
that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for
itself and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other
business relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that
could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended
recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without
prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a
copy of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other
person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial
Adviser as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may
distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under
Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor,
Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal
6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.