Tail cement (600585.sh) Quarterly review 2022: demand pressured down a little bit of performance, low valuations to provide security margins, building materials, cement.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved 25,462 million yuan, or 26,07 per cent, and a net profit of 49,925 million yuan, or 15.21 per cent. The decline in performance was consistent with industry performance trends, with major influences including repeated nationwide outbreaks in the first quarter of 2022 and slower downstream construction.
The low demand for cement was accompanied by an increase in the price of coal combustion materials. s098051107003 cost controls were good and the capital structure was optimized.
Interest rate of 31.4% increased by 4.5 percentage points over the same period, with the overall profit level added to the new energy layout in a cost-side context, and a multi-dimensional expansion of the industrial chain. The company stepped up its efforts in the area of new energy sources and sought to move quickly to new energy industries such as big photovoltaics, wind power generation and storage power plants.
SPV Ltd., and the launch of the new energy business development plan: this year, $5 billion will be invested in the development of new energy operations such as photovoltaic power stations, storage energy projects, and full coverage of the sub-plant photovoltaic power generation, which is expected to reach 1gw capacity by the end of this year, with an annual capacity of 1 billion degrees.
The Division continued to dig up and down the industrial chain: during the reporting period, it established Cool Sea conch Green New Materials Ltd. and Guiyang conch Green Building Materials Ltd., which involved new types of materials and green building materials; and it purchased and purchased the Doggie Regenerative Resources, whose main business was the production and sale of coal ash bricks, which helped companies to take full advantage of cement by-products.
Investment Recommendations: A low valuation to provide security margins and maintain a “buy-in” rating
" Seal Cement - 600585 - 2021 mid-point evaluation: sales increase for income growth, acquisition modalities, future company construction of a new ton line in Guizhou and construction of docks and industrial parks in Chongqing " , " Sea conch Cement - 600585 - 2020: excellent quality of operation, pending valuation "
And as the cement industry continues to be consolidated, the company accelerates the extension of the industrial chain, which is reported in the mid-point assessment of Conch Cement-600585-2020: excellent cash performance, leading advantage, push for new energy industries, build new growth poles in the future, and provide new medium- and long-term operations.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved 25,462 million yuan, corresponding to 26,07 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of $4,925 million, corresponding to 15.21 per cent. The decline in performance was consistent with industry trends.
The main factors influencing the situation include repeated nationwide outbreaks during the quarter, slower downstream construction, low demand for cement, and rising prices of coal-burning materials. Figure 2: Intra-season revenues from conch cement and speed of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Cost controls are good and the debt structure is optimal. In 2022, q1 performed fairly, achieving a Māori rate of 31.4 per cent, an increase of 4.5 percentage points in the same year, and overall profitability performance was better in the context of up-to-cost movements. Figure 5: Māori rate of conch cement clinker, net interest rate
Figure 6: Debt ratios for conch cement assets added to the new energy layout, expanding the industrial chain from multiple angles. The company stepped up its efforts in the area of new energy sources, seeking to move quickly to new energy industries such as big photovoltaics, wind power generation and storage power plants.
T.A. and has launched a new energy business development plan: this year, $5 billion will be invested in the development of new energy operations such as photovoltaic power stations and storage energy projects to achieve full coverage of the sub-plant photovoltaic power generation, which is expected to reach 1gw capacity by the end of this year, with a capacity of 1 billion degrees per year. In addition, companies continue to dig up and down the industrial chain:
During the reporting period, the Cool Sea conch Green New Materials Co. Ltd. and the Guiyang conch Green Building Materials Co. Ltd. were established to cover new types of materials and green building materials; and the M&A purchase of multi-guided regenerative resources, the main business being the production and sale of powdered ash bricks, which helped companies to take full advantage of cement by-products.
Low valuations provide security margins and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The company is a national cement leader with a strong competitive advantage in terms of size, cost, brand, etc. Through acquisitions, the company will build a new ton line in Guizhou and will build docks and industrial parks in Chongqing to further seize the Southwest market.
At the same time, companies accelerate the extension of the industrial chain, promote the development of the new energy industry and shape the growth of the future industry The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality and the conclusion is not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future