Conch cement, co-optability and elasticity of the two to three quarters.
q1 registered a fall in profits: the company achieved 25,460 million yuan in the quarter, a decline of 26.1 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit of $4,933 million, a decrease of 15.2 per cent in the same year; the operating cash flow of $2.87 billion, a decrease of 42.0 per cent. The company suffered a fall in real estate, a rise in coal prices, and a fall in corporate revenues and profits in the quarter.
The Māori rate rises from year to year: the q1 profit margin ring drops and rises from year to year. The combined Māori ratio is 31.4% and 4.5pt, with 8.2pt lower; the net interest rate is 20.1% and 2.8pt, with 4.2pt lower. The q1 company sales, management, R & D and finance cost rates are four, respectively.
At a time when coal prices have risen significantly over the years, and cement demand has been under pressure over the same time, the DCM rate continues to grow at the same time, demonstrating the relative resilience of companies. Supply patterns are expected to continue to optimize, and demand expects a second fiscal boost: there is a demand in the industry today.
Difficulties such as contraction, acceleration of coal costs, etc. Still, there is a greater degree of synergy in the industry, increasing the number of production days at the wrong peak than in previous years, tightening energy consumption standards, phasing out energy-intensive and small production lines, and an accelerated contraction of supply in the year. On the demand side, the current “stable growth” of the economy is under greater pressure.
Quarterly investments are growing at a faster pace, but the physical workload is relatively slow, with two or three quarters expected to recover, and demand for cement is expected to rise. In the face of such passivity as downfalls in real estate, low consumption, and so on, the likelihood of fiscal second-time growth is high, and capital construction, as the main catch-up for steady growth, is expected to drive cement demand further.
Sea conch cement: The long-term value of the taps is no less important than it was in 2022. 2020328 Capital and real estate construction were less than expected, outbreaks and hot weather disturbances increased the cost-side pressure.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy. First, property downsides and costs rise, q1 yields and profits fall.
The Māori rate is more resilient than the previous year: the q1 company profit chain is falling and rising. The combined Māori rate is 31.4% in the quarter, and 4.5pct is higher.
The net interest rate is 20.1% below 2.8pc. The net interest rate is 4.2pc. The q1 company sales, management, R & D, finance four grids are significantly higher, and the overall M & A rate is still increasing at the same time, under the same pressure on cement demand, showing a two-and-a-half-a-half-quarter elastic performance.
The average national price of cement is now much higher than in the same period last year, but the industry also faces difficulties such as a contraction in demand and an acceleration in coal costs. Still, on the one hand, there has been an increase in industrial synergy, a rise in the number of production days at the wrong peak compared to previous years, a tightening of energy consumption standards, and a phase-out of high-energy production lines, which is expected to accelerate during the year.
On the demand side, the current “stable growth” of the economy is under greater pressure, with investments growing faster in the first quarter, but relatively slow in terms of in-kind workloads, expected to recover in the second and third quarters, and cement demand expected to rise. Moreover, in the face of a reactive situation, such as falling property and low consumption, there is a high probability of fiscal second-time growth, and capital construction, as the main catch-up for steady growth, is expected to drive cement demand further.
At the industry level: listed companies share shares with each other, and industrial synergies are expected to increase. Companies now hold shares in major companies such as Western Cement, Atta Group, Upper Peak Cement, and New China Cement in the same industry, and are actively involved in the targeted growth of Tianshan shares, as well as in other companies in the same industry. Industry patterns are expected to shift from competition to competition, and industrial synergies are expected to increase.
The company itself has proprietary technologies and pre-emptive advantages in terms of reducing carbon emissions, energy efficiency, and consumption. At the same time, the company is currently active in the field of photovoltaics, relying on photovoltaic power to reduce electricity outsourcing, reduce the volatility of electricity costs and improve cost-control capabilities.
Epidemics and rain and hot weather disturbances: most of the country’s recent events have affected the transport of goods and construction of sites, disruptions to normal shipments in the cement industry, and, if the disturbance continues, will affect company performance to some extent. The cement industry is seasonal, and if it appears to be too long.
In the heat of the rain, construction will be affected, and cement demand will be disrupted accordingly. 3. Cost-side pressures will increase: coal prices are the most important variable in cement costs, and corporate profits will be expected if coal prices continue to rise.