On the 20th of August, 2020, the epidemic resumed its performance, and equity incentives showed confidence.
On 31 July 2020, the company announced a restrictive incentive plan for 2020 (draft) to grant limited stocks to 1302 personnel, including executives and key positions.
Market value in circulation (millions of yuan): The impact of the epidemic, q2 performance has improved slightly, and q1 hospitals at all levels of the country have experienced a certain decline in access, with three major companies affected by the new crown epidemic.
Anaesthetic and phantom effects are more pronounced in the plate, q1 has slowed down, q2 has slightly improved performance after a brief adjustment, company research and development has continued, new adaptive conditions such as Kareli Joll and Rimazulon have been approved, and access to hospitals throughout the country is now fully normal and medical care has just become dependent.
The short-term impact of the epidemic is not expected to change long-term corporate growth in the second half of the year.q1,q2 R & D innovation and internationalization are strong players in corporate performance growth, and equity incentives highlight confidence.
Innovative research and development by companies has been carried out in an orderly manner, with the innovative medicines Reimaall, Kareliju liver cancer, dietary cancer & lung assessment: Under the epidemic, the strong have been very strong. 2020.04.28 Three batches of cancer, i.e. two batches of the pharmaceutical formulation Giphiteni, were obtained in Cappetian.
Specifics, non-buzz, and his three-synchronous evaluation of sodium chloride, right-wing metomityl hydrochloride.
Companies. Equity incentives are wide and the conditions are high, net profits from the 2020-2022 years are high, company innovations are coming into harvest, and we hope to draw on Carellijum, Apadaloni, Giulani, and so on.
Health insurance and adaptive conditions have increased performance, taking into account the impact of the epidemic, and we have adjusted profit projections, predicting that Liu Hyemin heads, innovative drugs are scarce, the power of the pipeline is gradually emerging, and the "buy-in" rating is maintained.
The clinical and approval of new products is not as good as expected: the procurement of tape, the negotiations on health insurance have decreased by more than expected: the acquisition of bulk varieties has fallen short of expectations; the cost of health insurance is higher than expected.
\triangleright, due to the impact of the new crown, the rate of access to q1 hospitals at all levels of the country has declined somewhat.
Anaesthesia and imaging have been affected more markedly, q1 has slowed down, q2 has improved slightly, after a brief adjustment, q2 has improved, company research and development has continued, new adaptive conditions such as Karelijum and Rama Qalun have been approved, hospital attendance is now fully restored throughout the country, and medical needs are expected to rebound in the second half of the year, and the epidemic is expected to continue.
The short-term impact of the situation does not change the long-term growth of the company. q1 and q2 Q2 yielded $5,527 million (+11.28%) and $5,782 million (+14.28%) in each quarter, respectively, resulting in a net profit of $1,276 million from non-return to the mother, respectively.
Corporate announcement of the restrictive incentive scheme for 2020 (draft) for research and development innovation and internationalization to include executives, key job holders, and strong corporate performance growth
Three production batches of carcinomas, cavity carcinomas & lung carcinomas, i.e. manufacture batch of the pharmaceutical formulation Guifeteni, obtaining innovative drugs 37 clinical batches, obtaining consistent evaluation batches of two specifications in Capetata and three different varieties in Africa, completing a consistent evaluation declaration of two products.
Internationalization: the company continues to scale up its internationalization strategy and actively expands its overseas market; in the context of internationalization of generics, the right metomic sodium hydrochloride injection fluids were approved in the United States; in addition, three applications for feedstock drugs, one intermediate and two formulations were submitted to the United States of America during the reporting period; other emerging markets were gradually registered.
With regard to the internationalization of innovative medicines, the company has granted to the Korean company Crystalgengenomicsinc., a remunerative licence for the use of the Carreella Monopoly Project for Injectional Immunotherapy with autonomous intellectual property rights. The company has approved 20 formulations, including injections, oral preparations and inhaled anaesthesia, for approval on Euro-American Day.
In the United States, a formulation product has been approved on a temporary basis.
The company ' s innovative medicines are gradually entering the harvest period, and it is expected that Carreliju, Apadaloni, Chocelenics and others will be able to rely on health insurance and new products for clinical treatment and approval less than expected; that the volume of procurement, and negotiations on health insurance, will be reduced by more than expected; that the volume of procurement varieties will be less than expected; and that the cost of healthcare control will be higher than expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.