We're reporting deep-seated, autonomous joint ventures, all-round configurations of traditional new energy sources, the Pacific Automobile Team.
The core logic is to create a new cycle for the release of autonomous brands, where new energy sources are expected to grow significantly, turning the bottom. The introduction of pro-aion electric vehicles, one of the dominant domestic brands, is expected to boost and improve autonomous sales.
For the next generation of core products, m8 has been growing steadily since it came to the market, and 17 months of mpv2 million-grade sales are expected to be profitable elastic. As a cash cow business, Japan is expected to generate a significant increase in investment returns.
Phev, multi-car models such as Toyota Toyota and Willanda double-e+ were launched in 2021, while the profits from the platformed operation of bicycles continued to rise; sales and the two-way profit-driven investment returns increased significantly.  Large R & D investment, with the introduction of a global leading wave power system in traditional cars, a new car carrying adigo 4.0 smart drive of interconnected ecosystems; and forward-looking technology
The stock, such as sponge silicone, and graphite super fast-loading technology, are the basis for companies to build up their strength. As a high-quality industrial company, the solar system and autonomy provide elastic performance elasticity for companies.
History recalls that the construction of the Protector's River has been steady and steady for 24 years, creating a three-pronged state of affairs, stable equity structures and full coverage of the automobile industry.
Revenues are growing rapidly, products are building strong moats, cars are the largest, returns on investment contribute the main profits, and Japan is running a cash cow business at the peak of 2017.
In the twenty-fourth year of the campaign, a three-pronged situation emerged: the Guangbot Group was founded in 1997 and launched in 2005 as a group of state-owned equity companies, and was listed in 2010 and 2012 in the h and a stock market. Over the past two decades, the company has been transformed into a new company, making it 206th of the world’s 500th best firms and 58th of China’s 500th best firms.
The BG has developed an autonomous branding enterprise, a Japanese joint venture, and a European-American joint venture, a three-seat stand-up. Chart: The BGG’s development history, the stable equity structure, and the full coverage of the automobile industry.
(b) Parts and components are carried out mainly through subsidiary components and consortiums, and through a large number of large-engine engines and Shanghai-Yunno;
From 2011 to 2020, the company’s operating income grew from 11 billion yuan to 63.2 billion yuan, year after year.
The combined rate of increase was 21.45%; the net return on maternity increased from $4.2 billion to $6 billion, with a compound annual increase of 3.78%. Business income and net return on maternity fell sharply between 2019 and 2020, mainly because of factors such as the impact of the new crown epidemic on the global car market.
In terms of structure, the largest share of automobile business and the second largest share of automobile trade. In terms of the development history of this group, the profits from the investment of the consortium and the joint venture contribute to the main profits, especially in the form of the profits of the Hirata and the Toyota-type vehicles.
Continuing to make a significant contribution to investment returns. 2017 Autonomous top profit, benefiting from passing gs4 and putting business on top of $3.18 billion before tax in 2017, of which 2016-2018 benefited mainly from passing gs4 at the top of a horse, and gs4 at the end of 2016.
A decline in sales and an increase in terminal discounts have been caused by a number of factors. (Note: and table pre-tax profits = operating profits — investment returns — other gains.) A significant increase in the Māori rate in car operations to 27.1% in 2015-2017 has led to an increase in corporate performance in Māori aggregates.
Toyota Toyota and Hirotoshita are the main profits of the joint venture. In 2020, the share of investment in the joint venture was 9,571 million yuan, of which we estimated that Toyota contributed 62.84 per cent and Hiroto contributed 42.61 per cent.According to historical data, Toyota Toyota and Hirotomoto contributed more than year after year, suggesting that the Japanese economy is growing in profitability and that their car type is highly recognized by consumers in 2020.
Toyota Volkswagen contributed $6.01 billion in profits and Hiro Moto Honda $4.08 billion in profits. Chart: Estimates of net profits of major consortia and joint ventures for 2015-2020 (millions of dollars) Chart: Estimates of net profit contributions of major alliances and joint companies for 2015-2020
Solaric landmarks are gaining ground, new cycles are beginning, new solar-system products are rich, sales are catching up with the German ones, new models are rich in planning, and products are not resting.
As the price of large and large volumes rises, the volume of sales grows at a much faster rate than that of the industry, and the marketing channels expand in tandem with the rapid expansion of sales, the industry cycle: the solar product is rich and the volume of sales is catching up with the virtues.
According to the National Information Centre, starting in 2016, China entered the purchase cycle by car. Solar cars are popular with consumers because of their low fuel consumption and their reliable and durable quality.
In the fourth quarter of 2018, in the case of the classic "B" car, in the case of Camerri, in the case of Maiten, in the case of Hikata-Yaga, in the case of Toyota-Kemeri, in the case of the classic "Suv" , in the case of Hanlanda, in the case of China, in the case of China, in the case of the traditional "B" car, in the case of the "B" car, in the case of the "B" car, in the case of the "B" class, in the case of "B" car, in the case of the "B" class, in the case of the "B" class, in the case of the "B" class, in the case of "B" car, in the case of the "B" class, in the case of the "B" class, in the case of "B" and in the case of "B" and "B" in the case of "B" and "B" in the case, in the case, in the case of 2020, in the case, the difference between "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" case, in the "B" and "B" case, in the "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B" and "B.
New car models are rich in planning, new products are constantly resting, and the vastness and variety of products used to operate conservatively, their import is slow, and the general public spends less than two to three a year on average. In the future, the vastness and variety of products will also implement the sister car strategy and hybrid vehicle strategy, with a substantial expansion of the product matrix, and the company’s capacity for production and profitability is expected to increase.
High- and medium-end mpv model. Considering the increase in new cars, the vastness is expected to hit a million sales in 2022.
From 2015 to 2020, Toyota Toyota sales grew from 400,000 to 765,000, with a steady rise in sales, with an annual compound growth rate of 13.85 per cent. The old model Camerry, Handalanda, and others have been growing steadily; new models are becoming more abundant, showing off, X, Wilanda, Lui Ling, and so on, have been in good shape since 2019. Of these, Willanda was listed in April 2020, 82,000 in 2020, and 50,000 in the first half of 2021, and is expected to outperform the year.
One hundred and twenty thousand of them, as well as Weylanda’s sister money, have also been highly popular with consumers. Hiroshima Honda: strong growth, power suv, Xinjiang or popping money.
At the end of 2019, it was listed as a suv of about 17-25w, and sales went up all the way. The year 2021 saw a monthly pass of 10,000 and the January-May sales of 5.8w, with a year-round chance of going over 17w,000, making it the first class B suv of Honda.
Between 2015 and 2018, Toyota relied mainly on a-class car mines, b-class car Camerry, b-suv Hlanda to drive the overall sales.
High volume; new product cycles since 2019, ia5, c-hr, Willanda, Ludwig double-e-plus, marketed one by one, enriched the product matrix, increased sales far beyond Honda ' s primary reliance on cars to capture the market between 2015 and 2018, with sales of suv only around 20 per cent in 2015 and 30 per cent in 2018, far below the industry level of 43 per cent. In 2019, new drivers hit b-suv, optimizing the structure of the Honda ' s vehicle as a pure incremental model, with sales of suv at the end of 2020.
The price of bicycles has led to higher profitability. From 2015 to date, there has been a marked increase in the price of the car by Hiroshima Honda, from around $110,000 in 2015 to $147 million in 2020.
Now. We have also seen an improvement in the profitability of large-scale bicycles in recent years, especially since the profits of the large-scale bicycles rose from around 8,000 in 2015 to 15,000 yuan left by 2020, and with the large-scale implementation of the Toyota Tnga structure, the efficiency and cost of the large-scale Toyota Toyota Toyota has continued to grow, and we believe that the profitability of the large-scale Toyota will increase further.
The vast network of distributors is significantly lower than that of the North and South, and in the coming years, it will be consistent with the expansion and product cycles of the company.
In terms of distribution, there is still a lot of room for the next two fields to sink, there are no fours shops in many of the country’s counties, and the expansion of the two fields will lead to a potential increase in sales.
3. Wide-breathing, heart-breathing branding, 2021 year-rounding of the product, a sharp reduction in the volume of wide-breeding sales, and a steady increase in the volume of gs4 sales.
mpv rises in reverse, new products continue to grow, after suv becomes the next generation of core products,
In 2016, Gs8 was introduced at a price of $169.98 million to $2.59 million, gradually building up on a high-end basis. Wide-air autonomous operations have been fully deployed in low-end high-school markets: gs4, m6 and ga6 and 1.15 million in compact household markets, gs8, m8 and ga4 and gs3 in the middle-end market, and ga4 and gs3 in the upper-end market.
Chart: Wide-voltage product spectrometry 2021 fuel cars are expected to increase their sales in the year ahead. In 2021, the company will put in more new models, including a car, which will include a leopard (for a market of $100,000-150,000) and a gs4plus.
On the power side, the leopards carry a new generation of 1.5 tgdi motors, with a maximum power of 130kw, a maximum of 270n m, a 100-km fuel consumption of 5.7l, and a 100-km acceleration of 6.95 seconds. On the configuration, the leopards carry a wide-group lead industry.
Adigo smart system, with a class 1-2 smart driving support system, has also been launched for the first time with a 4+x driving model. The strongest series of phev, gs4coupe, and gs4plus are expected to sell again on the next step. The fax gs4plus is a wide-broadband first-loaded super-sense interactive smart-cargo model, and the fax gs4plus adds the highest-synchronous 390t + third-generation AE6at transformer, providing extra power than in the past.
Charts: Broad-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang.
In 2015-2018, a wave-blowing increase in sales of gs4 was achieved in 2016-2017, with a monthly average of nearly 28,000 vehicles, or 89.5 per cent of the vehicle sales. As a latecomer, gs4 created legends of the car market. With the second generation of gs4 on the market, based on the design concept of the new gpma platform, the circulation of gs4 in 2020 was 125,000, with an increase of 21.18 per cent, a steady recovery.
mpv has risen in reverse, and mpv has steadily increased its share in the sales of the next generation of core products, from 1 per cent in January 2018 to 30 per cent in December 2020, with thousands of vehicles, representing a 47.1 per cent increase in the same year, passing the middle end of the M6 location market, leading to a home mpv of 39.5 million in 2020, with a reverse growth of 10.8 per cent, and 2021 in sales.
This is particularly true when the chips are scarce and have been sold for three months in a row since May, and the amount of autonomous sales has risen to around 30% (including new ones). The mpv sales price is significantly higher than the average sedans and suv, and the increase in sales has led to great elasticity in performance.
gm8gm6 mpv
mpv 2021 new mpv is on the market and is expected to continue to break through the mpv high-end market.
The first-car seat with massage capability is controlled by mobile bluetooth. The three-point seat belt is used to protect the client from all the way up and down, bringing more convenience and m6pro editions to the market in 2021: grids, lights, waistlines, wheels, new upgrades, a sharper atmosphere, which will satisfy more users of mpv quality, fashion, graphics: a new mpv for wide-air transmission.
From 2015 onwards, it has increased its investment in research and development for five consecutive years, reaching $5,125 billion in 2020, and the growth rate of research and development is that it does not lag behind the industry's Biadey, the Great Wall Motors, and the Upper Steam Group.
High R & D investment in building the gpma architecture, which opens the new era of modularized cars, is a platform-based modular architecture developed by a broad-based consortium for major global automobile markets, including two sub-platforms, r and l, covering cars, suv, mpv, and phev, hev, etc.
In addition, gpma contains changes in the system, production systems, and corresponding organizational structures. For example, in the production system, the mix of gpma-type production can be met through the consolidation of hard-pointing points, with a maximum of six vehicle-type flexible real-time switching.
In September 2020, the Volkswagen Group released the brand of a completely new platform, the Wave Power, which is built in two main areas: motors, transformers, high-efficiency motors, high-speed transformers, and hybrid products.
Efficient motors: Wide-volt power has launched the fourth generation of motors - 2.0 atk engines for hybrid models - with a heat efficiency of 42.1 per cent, representing the world's leading level of thermal efficiency in gasoline products. High-speed efficiency gear tanks: Wide-volt 7wdc reduces power consumption by more than 30 per cent, achieves a combined efficiency of 96 per cent, exceeding the industry level of 93 per cent.
The largest torque also reaches 400n m. Chart: Wide Air Group has launched a brand brand of a new power system called "Swivel Dynamics" 4. Wide Air Eyan has built a new self-empowerment, and exploring innovation has never stopped.
The independence of the organization, the increased independence and flexibility of the new energy business, the continuous upgrading of products, at least one new vehicle per year, and the growth of new energy sources against the market, with significant performance.
Together, intelligent circles of friends, autopilots, new technological reserves, exploration for innovation have never stopped, organizational independence has become more independent and flexible in the new energy business.
In July 2017, the Volkswagen Group set up the BNSL. In 2020, the BNSC changed its name to BNSC, operating as an independent brand for BUSC, and BUSINESS ELECTRONIC CARS. The product is constantly being upgraded, with at least one completely new vehicle per year.
The following are the following models: aionlx, aions, aionv, and pass-over 3.
♪ Aionv aionlx aionsplus ♪
Continuing mileage: 650 km Level: compact suv level: large suv
Continuing mileage: 602 km Level: compact sedan running aiony
Aions Continuing mileage: 600 km Level: compact suv
Continuing mileage: 510 kilometres Level: compact sedan aiony: multi-dimensional product competitiveness
Aiony has a personalized, spatially large, extended, intelligent, and high value-for-money advantage compared to pure electric cars such as Pingg3, popular id4 and fuel trucks such as cs75plus, with an average of more than 400 daily orders, 45 per cent of which are for women, while over 60 per cent of whom have chosen the technology version and are expected to remain hot once they are on the market. The space is large: aiony is located in compact suv, with a width of 4410*1870*1645mm, and the back space is large enough to accommodate a single trip.
Continuing Leader: Aiony offers three versions of continuation, with nedc performances reaching 410 km, 500km and 600km, respectively, with a clear advantage for aiony continuation compared to electric vehicles between price zones. More intelligent: Aiony will take the lead in applying the new-generation smart operating system g-os' adigo 4.0 smart drive of the interconnected ecosystem. On autopilot, aiony owns an interconnected ecosystem.
Auto-drive and over-the-horizon memory parking functions, as well as 150 metres of super-long memory parking and accurate high-precision maps that allow automatic space search across layers.
100 000-yuan-tieraiony, atechnology-basedpremium-crasspureelectricsuv
"Car free" benefits. Overvalued service packages. Youngfree finance program.
The first car owner's three electrics are free for life, 80 of the technology 600km.
70-year-old sookchen, free of charge for life: .. 70-year-old sookm.
Road rescue is free for life, health-protected air filters, and the whole car upgrade is usually new.
An additional gift from the top 1,000 purchasers for a good blind box 60 x $10km management & story
The wings of heaven, the moon, the stars.
It's a pure modern place. It's a clear wind. It's an empty city.
D-stairs, all of the light, aionsplus: the Starfleet's pure electric sedan running.
Aionsplus is trying to build a new generation of cheap cars at a price of $13-14 million, with a wide range of 4810*1880*115 mm, with a high price for high-priced cars. 1.9 square metres of superb light-sense skyscreen, opening a new generation of smart cars: a third generation of soft-to-colour technology skyscreens, fast-changing, full-scale skyscrapers, and a full view of the Star River.
Technology has a strong sense: the lowest wind-restricted vehicle type in the world, with a unique super-run from the gas grid, a light-quantified peer lead, ultra-low wind-depressive design, hidden door handles; various technology-sensor configurations and their use to increase consumer attractiveness. Power is better: aionsplus can accelerate by 6.8 seconds, with a maximum power of 165kw, and a maximum output torque can reach 350 nm, satisfying consumption's pursuit of power performance.
Chart: aionsplus fashion pattern Chart: aionsplus model and price
Between 2019 and the first half of 2020, the market for new energy vehicles as a whole showed a downward trend, with negative growth on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles, the end of the industrial transition and the impact of the new crown epidemic. Hiro-Ean achieved positive market growth, with growth rates higher than those for the new energy sector. Hiro-Ean achieved sales of about 60,000 vehicles in 2020, a 45.23 per cent increase compared to that of the pure electric-car industry, which increased at a rate of 11.01 per cent; and accumulated real growth in January-June 2021.
A total of 43,013 vehicles were sold, representing an increase of 112 per cent over the same period.
In 2020, new energy vehicles showed a trend of polarization, with Tesla, the high-end electric vehicles represented by Tesla and the Mitsubishi macromini, and the Ora black cat for low-end car heat sales. Compared to these two markets, the mid-end market of $10-15 million was dominated by travel and domestic use, and was the main battleground for traditional fuel trucks, with more competition, but more competition.
From the parameters of the vehicle, the aions have an advantage in size, axle range, range extension, motor torque, and have a strong product power. Since their listing, the sales have rapidly outpaced the competitors. In 2020, about 46,000 units were sold, representing an increase of 44.3%, representing the bulk of the sales of 100-15 million pure sedans.
On the occasion of the 2021-Small-Air-Technology Day, the Group announced that China and China are working together to develop a class-I4 auto-drive vehicle, which is scheduled to produce in 2024.
The strategic collaboration between the Group and Quakers has been renewed since 2017, and a framework agreement for deepening strategic cooperation was signed on the day the Shanghai Car Show was unveiled. China has launched the Harmony smart module, the Smart Driving Calculator platform, mdc810, 4d imaging radar, the "Haw-Eight Crawfish" autopilot open platform, and the smart heat management system tms, five new products.
Technology, high-value incremental components, car branding in the Haaweiinside model, which will be marketed in four quarters.
The new technology is rich, and the search for innovation has never stopped -- adigo 4.0 smart driving the interconnected ecosystem. Adigo intelligent driving the interconnected ecosystem has been upgraded to adigo 4.0. The smart module includes the launch of a new generation of smart operating systems, g-os, with a wide-scale steam. On the side of the autopilot system, the Nda piloting aid system and the hpa memory parking system have been launched.
Automobiles, automatic gates, medium- and long-range low-speed auto-drives and automatic parking, have become the country’s country’s first volume-of-a-2.5 class auto-drive tradition. Application: aiony and this year’s roll-out-gs8 replacements will be on adigo 4.0 system, and later on they will be fully upgraded to adigo 4.0 system. Chart: adigo 4.0 is high-end configuration on the sensor program.
The new technology is rich in reserves, the exploration for innovation has never stopped -- the sponge silicon negative cell technology, the company has never stopped exploring the new technology, the sponge silicon negative cell technology has eased miles of anxiety, and the battery's negative poles have added silicon elements, which can be more than 10 times higher than the conventional negative cell capacity.
Power cell singles can reduce the volume of the sponge silicon negative electrode cell technology by 20%, weight by 14% and range by 1,000 km. Wide-gas Eanov with silicon negative electrode batteries will be produced in the course of this year. Chart: Silicon negative electropolar battery technology
Chart: Silicon Silicon negative cell technology extension miles, new technologies are abundant, innovation is never stopped - the graphite-based super-fast charge technology Wide-air Eyan and the graphite fast charge battery technology released in April 2021, with a significant increase in the charging efficiency of batteries by adding graphite additives to the battery material.
The fast charge capacity of 6c is 80% in 8 minutes and the charge efficiency is six times higher than that of conventional ordinary batteries. The wide-air research and development team, through three-dimensional structural graphite (3dg) production techniques and independent intellectual property rights, has achieved a reduction of more than 90% in the cost of graphite and a slight 5-8% increase in the cost of the total core.
In addition, in 2021, wide gas will be placed in over 100 superfast charging stations.
Chart: Cost advantages of the graphyl super-fast-filling technology The new technology is well-stocked, the innovation is never stopped - the battery system technology of the cartridges is designed to be the four core technologies of the super-high-heat-resistant stabilization core, super-heat insulation battery safety chamber, three-dimensional cooling system, the fifth generation battery management system, for the first time.
Cost: 10 per cent lower than normal battery packages of the same type. Application: increase in volume energy density by 9.4 per cent relative to normal battery packages of the same type by 5.7 per cent with mass energy density, full-scale packager system security technology.
Aion is a complete car type.
Super-heat-resistant and stable core, fifth generation battery management system, grid-like nano-hole insulation material.
High-precision thermal path design, fully integrated liquid cold integrated system, unfired.
Open-air E-A-A-A-A-A-R, active security, electro-chip security.
Passive security enhancements, investment advice and profit forecasting, companies are well placed as one of the dominant domestic brands. As the company moves into the release cycle of new products, the leopards, faxes gs4plus,
The introduction of four custom versions, m8 welfare cars, m6pro, and aion electric cars is expected to boost corporate sales. In 2021, the volume of sales by the gas is expected to grow significantly, the traffic by the gas is expected to reverse at the bottom, and the listing of the branded heavy-pound vehicle by the joint venture is expected to bring significant performance elasticity to the gas.
The automobile industry has not recovered as expected, and the end margin is greater than expected.
Pacific Securities Institute, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.