So, what's the power of motion technology?
Combining is an important technical route for achieving the two-carbon/double-calibration mark: the target is clearly met at the point of completion, with higher requirements for the domestic automobile industry. Double-calibration policies include the average fuel consumption of automobile companies, the company being the Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group Ltd., and the Van Dynasty Company.
Group companies, China Mechanical Industries Group, Guangzhou Steel Division and New Energy Vehicles, with a total of 7.35 million cents of fuel consumed by the entire industry in 2020, and Iron Enterprises Group Ltd., among others, as co-sponsors,
In the face of double-carbon targets and double-economy pressures, hybrid technology will be an important technological route to achieving the targets of the large state-owned shareholding enterprise initiated by the vehicle. According to the road map for energy efficiency and new-energy vehicle technology 2.0, we measure the following:
The main operations include the development, manufacture, sale and sale of motor vehicles, which will reach 1,076,000 vehicles, 1,339 million vehicles, and spare parts, respectively, in 2025 and 2030.
Services, and the import and export trade of automobile-related products, cars, rentals, used cars, logistics, dismantling, resource regeneration, steam, hybrid technology is the perfect combination of mechanical and power-driven technology, not transition technology: we list, analyse.
Car credit, finance leasing, commercial factoring, insurance and insurance have led to the adoption of a number of hybrid structures in the current market. The essence of hybrid technology is to maximize the time that engines and generators run in an efficient region by optimizing their efficiency.
Driving and power-driven blends perfectly to increase energy use. The high mixing technology threshold, and the major event for the next three to six months, point out that car companies need both efficient internal combustion technology and long-term accumulation of power-drive technology.
The experience of electromechanical coupling technology makes it possible to launch a hybrid system that is almost “perfect.” Within the right price range, the vehicle type on which this system is carried, once launched, will be large-scale replacements for internal combustion vehicles.
Toyota, the world's largest annual and cumulative market, is a 52-week stock price mix. Toyota's global cumulative vehicle sales have exceeded those of the Toyota-type Toyota (including Lexas) on board.
18 million vehicles, and China's cumulative sales of more than a million. This is deep, and Toyota has the world's leading high-efficiency internal combustion technology, efficiency in the operation of high-efficiency generators, and years of mixed research and development experience.
Honda also has high-efficiency internal combustion technology, high-efficiency electron coupling systems, and long experience with development since 1997, which have established Honda’s position in the field of mixing.
The two routes are mixed up in depth and are expected to take advantage of the mixed market heights: 1) Explosion of Toyota Ths, a third generation 2.0tm engine with a wide gas autonomous development: by the end of 2021, the first one, the Toyota Thsys-type gs8, will be on the air. The efficient ths will be added to the third generation of high-efficiency motors (heat effect).
2) Autonomous development of the gmc system, which was launched in 2022. Gmc2.0: Wide-volt efficiency engines have been upgraded in four generations, the fourth generation 2.0atk engine is a special hybrid engine, with a heat efficiency of 42.1%; the engine coupling system gmc is about to be launched in a second generation.
Quality, full performance upgrades; Volcano began to develop hybrid technology in 2008 with extensive research and development experience, and more than 10 years of experience has saved on the introduction of a perfect hybrid system. Corporate profitability predictions and investment ratings: double carbon, double-calibration policies will accelerate car electricization, mixing, etc.
Technology is the main route of motor motorization. And the mixing technology threshold is high, the gas is deep in the mixing area, the barriers to its mixing technology are gradually being built, and it is expected that the future hybrid market will be able to pull its head out. We expect the research assistant, Jang Chi Yon.
17, 11, and 10 times, respectively, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. The East’s financial and intellectual boom, the Broad Steam Group (601238): What is the power of hybrid technology in the Broad Steam System?
Combining is an important technological route for achieving double-carbon/double-accumulation targets, and in the context of energy-saving reductions, a hybrid vehicle that was born to reduce fuel consumption has a natural advantage. As compared to a pure electric car, a hybrid vehicle reduces the owner's mileage anxiety and is now easier to achieve parity with a fuel vehicle.
The combination of two power systems is in place, and it is safe and efficient to switch patterns under multiple working conditions. Increasing engine heat efficiency and reducing battery costs are key. As the country pursues its double-carbon goal and double-centre policy, hybrid cars that have dipped for many years will grow rapidly.
In September 2020, President Xi Jinping proposed that China “strengthen carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 and strive to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050.” Our carbon dioxide emissions, which began to grow rapidly in 2001, have not yet peaked, while Europe, the United States and Japan have already achieved carbon penetration.
The road map for energy-saving and new-energy automobile technology, 2.0, states that the development objective of our automobile industry is “to achieve a peak in total industrial carbon emissions ahead of national carbon reductions by around 2028, with total emissions falling by more than 20% by 2035.” Figure 1: CO2 emissions from major countries or regions of the world (in millions of tons)
Increased penetration of energy-saving and new energy vehicles has been an important factor in slowing the growth of carbon emissions in the automobile industry in recent years. Carbon emissions from cars are influenced by factors such as the quality of preparation, fuel economy (including fuel consumption and electricity consumption). Carbon emissions from cars throughout their life cycle (vehicle cycle + fuel cycle) will be reduced as the level of light quantification and electrification increases.
The effect of cutting emissions is significant in car- and hybrid (hev). In 2013, CO2 emissions from domestic transport slowed significantly over previous years, and then kept growing at a single-digit rate.
Average fuel consumption by vehicle, China 2010-2019
Figure 5: Carbon dioxide emissions from China’s transport use and the ability of youy to meet carbon emission standards at a lower cost than a pure electric vehicle are important means of achieving the two-carbon target at the current point. There is currently a difference of at least $12,000 between the pure and plug-in versions of the same type of vehicle in the city’s field, mainly from battery costs.
Battery capacity is lower than pure electric vehicles, and battery costs have a relatively small impact; on the other hand, internal combustion engines in hybrid cars are part of traditional automobiles, and well-developed industrial chains can be spread out. The growth potential of hybrid cars is enormous, and the gradual replacement of fuel trucks will become the backbone of the conventional energy vehicle model.
It is proposed that by 2025, 2030, and 2035, the share of hybrid vehicles in conventional energy vehicles will be 50-60%, 75%-85%, 100%, respectively. The fuel consumption of hybrid cars is better than that of fuel trucks, and the increase in penetration will be an important contribution to reducing overall fuel consumption in the automobile industry.
1.2 Two-point policies favouring car companies in the production of hybrid models. The new version of the two-part policy introduces “low fuel consumption by car” and the production of hybrid models can help firms achieve positive-sum targets.
Oil consumption (cafc) and new energy vehicle (nev) credits contributed to reducing car fuel consumption and promoting the development of new energy vehicles. In 2020, the sector-wide cafc was divided into 7.35 million and the nev between 3.3 million. The new version of the double-educator policy, which began in 2021, called the conventional fuel-borne vehicle with combined fuel consumption meeting the relevant requirements a low-oil consumption vehicle, while the hybrid vehicle (hev) was meeting the benchmark.
Premium. The inclusion of this factor calculation would encourage car companies to produce hybrid models to meet the strict double-counting test. Figure 7: Double-counting of the entire industry by vehicle (in thousands)
In 2021, for example, when a car company produces two hybrid cars, it will include one conventional energy vehicle, which in turn will reduce the number of vehicles that a car company would have to produce in order to obtain positive energy credits.
Modular technology route analysis - high threshold, non-transitional technology Modular vehicles achieve the characteristics of motors and electric power, and lower fuel consumption is designed for the purpose of design. Industry usually divides the type of system according to the location of the electric power in the traditional system, and consists mainly of the following modes of distribution:
Po: The motor is located at the front end of the engine, connected by a belt to the engine ' s axle, also known as bsg. p1: the engine is located at the back end of the engine, installed directly on the engine ' s main axis, also known as the Isg. p2: The machine is located between the clutch and the transformer and is connected to the input axis of the transformer box.
p2.5: The power is set inside the transformer box, usually a double-synchronous converter, and the power is installed on the transformer's or a symmetrical axis. p3: The power is located behind the transformer and is connected to the transmission axis. p4: The power is located on the back bridge, the engine is separated from the engine's output axis.
Figure 8: The position of the electric power in the transmission system, according to the power, engine-driven form of the motor, can achieve the following modes of operation:
Combining mode: The engine does not directly drive the wheel, but provides power for the engine. This mode allows the engine to move at a speed independent of the speed, so that the engine can operate at the best speed and always work in the best efficiency zone. The efficiency loss is greater because of the long energy transmission path.
The engine and the torque of the torque of the motor and the torque of the torque are passed through a mechanical coupling to the wheel, and the maximum output power is high. This model allows low fuel consumption under medium- and high-speed cruise conditions.
Combining models: engine-wheel connection and break-up via a clutch, based on a cascade model. This model combines the advantages of interlinking and interlinking, and applies a wider set of scenarios.
Figure 11: Serial-combined model - mixed model 2.1 Major hybrid programmes and representatives, depending on the location, number and type of connection of electric power units, have introduced a variety of hybrid programmes, the most common of which are as follows:
Single power mixer scheme po architecture: This structure starts and generates power by placing a bsg power plant at the front end of the engine, using a belt transfer balance. Under this model, the motor does not directly drive the vehicle, and this is not the case here.
P2 architecture: This structure can be achieved by adding a clutch and an electric machine to the engine and the transmission box. This hybrid architecture is achieved by simple, European car companies that use more than a BMW5 phev, popular gte, etc.
Figure 12: Mass p2 mixed structure diagram 13: BMW 2 mixed structure map p2 structure advantages and disadvantages: electromechanical coupling is difficult and core technology is in the hands of Tier1 supplier
Accompanies: 1) development is relatively difficult and basically retains the original power option. 2) The engine can be used at all slots in the transformer before it is converted into a gearbox, so that the need for torque can be reduced and the miniatures can be met. Accommodated: 1) p2 structure is the insertion of components, such as electric engines and clutches, between the original engine, the transformer and so forth, while the lateral space in the engine chamber is limited to the air.
A compact vehicle type is usually limited by space, which makes it more difficult to use the structure. 2) Space authorities urge a high degree of integration of components such as electric machines, clutches, etc. The core technology is currently largely in the hands of Tier 1 suppliers such as Scheffer, subject to humans and at higher cost. 3) When the clutch is combined, there are differences between engine and engine speed, and how the engine and the engine can be reduced by a p2 structure is a problem.
P2.5 structure: The structure achieves a mix of oils by placing the power on one of the stubble axes of the bin. The typical model is a p2.5 structure developed by a Gilly car based on a 7dct gear tank, such as figure 14, a clutch 1 and a clutch 2 which correspond to odd and even axes, respectively, and when the two clutchs are broken, the generator achieves a pure electrical mode of operation through a variable box even-axis wheel. When the clutch 1 closes.
Close, clutch 1, engine and power drive wheels simultaneously through even axes. The Gilleepro family currently uses a full range of p2.5 mosaics, such as epro, epro, Boriphev, starboard phev, tyeglphev.
Accomplishments: 1) The structure has a simple structure, simplified materials, low cost advantages, and the power is set inside the transformer box, reducing space occupancy, not requiring additional clutches, control modules, etc. 2) The engine is matched to the gearing slots, reducing the load of the engine and allowing the small power to achieve high speeds. 1) Weaknesses: 1) There is still a need to address the setback caused by the coupling of machines, requiring a high degree of motor control (electric controls and mechanical components) in the vehicle enterprise, or
2) Small power power power is generally used, and the pure mode accelerates. The East’s financial and intellectual boom, the Broad Gas Group (601238): What is the power of hybrid technology in the wide gas system?
Figure 14: Jilip2.5 mixed structure Figure 15: Jiliepro series multi-voltage mixer programme:
P1+p3 architecture: The dual power program is the mainstream of the current hybrid technology, while the dual power program p1+p3 is the mainstream of the dual power program. Typical representatives of Honda are i-mmd, Biadedm-i, dht, wide gas gmc, etc.
Close-ups, engines drive wheels simultaneously with electric power 2. The advantages and disadvantages of the p1+p3 architecture: simple, efficient is the advantage of the current mainstream hybrid structure: 1) slow-transform institutions are simple, usually without multi-cancer units, which significantly reduce costs. 2) Drivers p3 are large power power generators.
Accelerators are good in pure motor mode. 3) The structure is relatively easy to adapt to medium- and low-level vehicle layouts. 4) The electron is placed at a distance from the engine after transmission, avoiding a certain degree of frustration caused by electromechanical coupling. 1) High demand for electrical power to adapt to more pure power operations. 2) High power, motors, and power, basically through single teeth, transmits power.
The power-distribution structure: The classic option for power-distribution structures is the Toyotaths system, which consists of two electric machines, a planetary gear set and a clutch. Unlike the p1+p3 structure, theths uses planetary gears for electron coupling and for engine power distribution.
Patents and high technology thresholds remain the main players in the program, and general and Ford have related types of mixing programmes. In the ths system, the engine near the engine (generator) is a generator (mg1), with less power. Another motor is the engine driver (mg2).
When the clutch closes, the planetary gear group transmits the power to mg1, vehicles, etc., and achieves a chaining mode by controlling the clutch. The advantages and disadvantages of the power-distribution mode are: 1) higher oil-saving, thanks to the Toyota efficient internal combustion engine, matureths system, higher fuel-saving systems. 2) higher quality stability.
3) The smooth transition of the hybrid mode and the smooth transition of the team of planetary gears. (1) Distribution patterns of the team of planetary gears are longer than p1+p3, leading to a partial loss of power. 2) Only two modes of pure electricity and a mixture, mg2 is still active. 3) mg2 power is not high (ths have also been raising the power of mg2) and vehicle power is not high.
Fig. 19: Toyotaths operating model The above options are more hybrid forms used by car companies, as summarized below:
2.2 The essence of the mixing technology - the perfect combination of mechanical and electric power - the mixed oil-saving principle - the perfect combination of two types of power: industry usually describes fuel efficiency in engines using bsfc (fuel consumption rate) and heat efficiency, engine bsfc means fuel quality consumed in 1 h (in g units) in g/ (kw.h) for every 1 kw active power of the engine.
The lower the fuel consumption rate, the better the economy. The heat efficiency of the engine is the ratio of thermal energy to mechanical energy, i.e., the ratio of thermal energy produced by burning gasoline production to mechanical energy. Depending on the engine ' s operational characteristics, the engine efficiency area is in a certain turn and twist zone, where only a higher heat efficiency or lower bsfc (e.g., figure 20) can be achieved.
The commingled system allows vehicles to switch to different modes of operation by introducing generators, power drivers, and matching engines. At medium and low speed, the engine mode (pure power) is used, the engine is shut down or the engine is adjusted by the generator to fit into an efficient area to charge the battery. At medium and high speed, the combined or combined mode is used, driven primarily by the engine, and remains within the efficient operating area.
The essence of the kinetic system is that the engine is in an efficient operating zone, in conjunction with the engine. The essence of the hybrid system is that there is a variety of hybrid structures, each of which is superior, and there is no absolute-leading hybrid structure. The essence of the hybrid system is to optimize the efficiency of the motor (engine, motor) and to maximize the time that the engine and the generator are running in the efficient region, thus achieving that.
Mechanical and power-driven combinations are perfect, resulting in a significant increase in energy use. The technical threshold of hybrid systems is high, non-transitional: car companies need to have both efficient internal combustion technology and advanced power-driven technology, as well as long-term accumulated experience with electro-electric coupling, which makes it possible to launch a hybrid system that is almost “perfect.”
High-oil saving performance, with no long-term experience of extended flight anxiety and charging. Within the appropriate price range, when the model of the system is pushed out, large-scale replacements will be made for internal combustion vehicles. Figure 20: distribution of Honda 2.0l engine bsfc
2.3 Mixed Rivers — The solar system dominates the hev, Biadi breaks the phev plug-in mix and the normal mix (hev): plug-in power can be supplied from external sources, while the normal mix-up power can be used as an engine. The two are basically connected to the mixing structure, with only differences in the supply of energy. Because the current plug-in mix is in our country.
New energy vehicles, with general hybrid models, have an advantage in license plates and taxes. Intubation hybrids and shares: 24.47 million vehicles were sold in 2020 by the country ' s plug-in hybrid cars....a 5.7 per cent increase in the same year. 21.8 per cent of the new energy-car sales were made in January-June 2021, and 199,000 vehicles were sold by the country ' s plug-in hybrid vehicles, an increase of 132.4 per cent.
From 2018 to the present, the proportion of power-infused motor vehicles in the new energy fleet was more than 20%, which is lower than that of pure electric vehicles. In terms of brand structure, in 2020, Top5 accounted for 75% of the sales, including Biadi, Ideas, Volkswagen, BMW and others.
On average, the current plug-in market is dominated by Biadi, the upper-gas system (the upper-gas public, the upper-gas-car), BMW, and idealized ones.
Hev (excluding 48v) sales and shares: according to the Institute of Higher Industries, the total volume of energy-saving car sales in 2020 was approximately 414,000, a 40% increase over the same period; in January-May 2021, the total volume of hev-type sales was about 203,000. In terms of market share, the market is currently largely dominated by two fields. In 2020, the total share of sales in the Toyota, Honda and the country ' s four joint ventures was 99%, and in January-April 2021, four.
In the second half of the second half of 2021, the Great Wall, Guang Bong, will be joined by a hev.
3.1 Two fields mixed with each other. Toyota has developed: Toyota was listed in 1997 as the first producer of the hev-prius (Prise), Prius was upgraded from 1997 to the fourth generation in 2015, and the corresponding ths was upgraded from the first to the fourth generation, and we combed it from the first generation to the fourth generation.
Toyota, which is the largest hybrid of annual and cumulative sales worldwide: Toyota has consistently extended this to its flag model, and this is now largely covered by Toyota.
High-school low-end vehicles, reflecting a strong expansion of ths. Toyota (including Lexas brands) on board the system has now been sold cumulatively, with more than 18 million vehicles sold and more than a million in China. According to Toyota Motors Network, Toyota Hev (including phev) sold a total of 1.954 million vehicles globally, an increase of 1.7 per cent compared to the same period, accounting for 22.5 per cent of Toyota's global sales (19.8 per cent before). 2021.1-May, Toyota Hev (including phev) sold globally.
107.70 million vehicles, an increase of 70.0 per cent over the same period, accounted for 25.9 per cent of Toyota's global sales.
2.5lths high power version. 1.8l motors+ths mainly on Toyota a-class compact vehicles, 2.5l motors+ths covering the Toyota middle high-end b-level model, which combines the Toyota "e-four" electronic four-drive system (a P4-plus back-axis) with a mix of four-drive models, the current version of which consists of the two-drive, the Willanda four-drive and the Hanlanda four-drive.
The motor power is raised to 141kw, the power of mg2 to 134kw, and the Toyotaths system is much more accessible. In contrast to competitions: mixed with Yakaku, mixed with Pasat, Camery's double power is a big engine plus a small engine plus a big electric machine.
Toyota, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Bosun Group (601238): How powerful is the hybrid technology in the wide-air system?
Toyota leads the world’s most efficient internal combustion technology: Toyota has developed its tnga program from the development of the fourth latepreas (listed in Japan in December 2015). Tnga begins with a change in the basic structure of the vehicle, a complete overhaul of the total power unit (engine, gearbox, hev unit) and the base framework (floor plate). In conjunction with the tnga architecture, Toyota has developed a new power product package, including dynamyforceengine.
A series of engines. Of these, the engines that were carried in the ths-112.5l came from the series. Toyota's data on the efficiency of the dynamicforceengine series showed that heat efficiency was over 40% ahead of industry levels.
The power rate was 12% lower and the torque decreased by 21%, but the speed of the torque increased by 26%, reaching 17000 rpm. The density of power power was further increased, with the latest design leading to a 20% reduction in electricity losses, and the design of new electron fixes using high spatial system distributions to reduce losses.
Toyota's multi-year experience of hybrid technology: Toyotas displayed at the 22nd Tokyo Car Fair in 1977 the "toyotasports 800 gas turbines" wheeled hybrid vehicle, known as Toyota Hev, which was developed in 1997 as the first generation of mass-cars with the ths hybrid system, Prius, where the mix architecture has not changed substantially since then. After more than 20 years of hybrid research and development manufacturing experience,
Toyota has created a hybrid system that is almost perfect. Wide-blown Toyota Motion: Toyota Motors Co. Ltd., which is one of Toyota’s two whole-car joint ventures in China, is a major force in promoting the Toyota hybrid model.
In January-June of the year, the Great Fung marketed 67,545 hybrid vehicles, representing an increase of 94%, or 16.2%, of the same year, and listed in June 2021 in all of New Hlanda, with all of the public versions of the mixed system. The Great Fung new mpv race will also carry a 2.5l version of the mixed system, which we believe is expected to continue to rise.
The price gap between the Toyota hybrid and the fuel vehicle has been gradually reduced, with the price gap for some of the models being narrowed to less than 10%: we try to choose the same configuration version for a wide mix of fuel vehicles and a comparison of the official price of the fuel vehicle. Of this, the cost of the rumble is on average $14,000 higher than the price of the same version of the fuel vehicle, about 10.6% higher, the cost of the Camery double price is on average approximately 11.1%, the price of the Veranda double price is on average 32,000, and the price is 16.1% higher, and the price of the same fuel truck is on average Han.
Randa's two-packs are on average 24,000, with a price of about 8.6% higher, and we believe that, with the effects of Toyotaths' size, the difference between Toyota and fuel prices will be gradually reduced, while the fuel economy, nvh and performance, are better than the value of the fuel.
Figure 26: Differences in average prices and increases in the price of a wide variety of hybrid models and the same version of a fuel vehicle
In December 1999, the Insight system was officially listed in the United States. In 2003, the Civic system of the second generation of the system was listed. The system in the field belonged to p2.
At the end of 2012, based on Honda Earth Dream Engines, Honda introduced three hybrid technologies for different market segments: i-dcd, i-mmd, and sh-awd. Of these, i-dcd is a single power mixer system for compact vehicles; i-mmd is a binary hybrid system for medium-sized vehicles: sh-awd is a three-power system for large vehicles.
The i-mmd hybrid system, using the p1+p3 architecture, was first installed in the middle-class car, Yakoga. In 2016, the second generation of i-mmd was produced by Hiro Honda Ltd., which was listed in China. The i-mmd mix of Honda has now evolved to a third generation. I-mmd is the most successful hybrid system in Honda today, becoming a strong competitor of Toyotaths.
In 2016, Hondai-mmd officially entered the Chinese market with Yakaku Jing (on-board i-mmd systems). In 2020, Yakaku became marketed after Odjigang, Odjiri Jing Jing, Ling Jing and Ling. As of the first half of 2021, Honda Ring (including Dong Fung Hinda) had accumulated more than 500,000 sales in China.
The sales volume was 20.15 million, or 12.4 per cent of Honda’s sales in China; and 2021.1-6 Honda’s aggregate sales in China were 11.6 million, or 14.9 per cent of Honda’s sales, as compared with Toyota’s sales in China.
Honda's high-efficiency internal burner technology — Earth Dream Engine: Honda's i-mmd system uses 2.0l Atkinson's two-top caviar cycle for gasoline. Honda achieved two types of cams with excellent heat efficiency through the unique vtec+vtc cycle, achieving low fuel and high-output power-driven, while continuously controlling the air gate phase through electrodynamic vtc (variable timing control), further mentioning.
Fuel efficiency. The engine achieves a maximum power of 107kw/6200rpm, with a maximum torque of 175nm/3500rpm.
Figure 28: Main parameters of Honda ' s 2.02l engine High power, efficient binocular power drive: Double power is the main power component of the i-mmd system, and output and twisting are improved and further miniaturized compared to the traditional type.
A smooth and responsive drive can also lead to an efficient energy regeneration during a deceleration. The power generation engine is used for efficient power generation, which provides power to power generators that drive, while charging the battery. Efficient power control unit: Hondai-mmd is equipped with a direct motor connection clutch, which is directly connected to the engine output axis during the high-speed cruise.
I-mmd also has an efficient power control unit (pcu), a smart device that can freely control currents and voltage, and a compact converter that can raise battery-generated voltage up to 700v. These successful results have benefited from years of hybrid research and development experience since 1997 in Honda.
3.2 Wide-air autonomous hybrid route: cooperation and self-research and re-dissemination of “green-climbing” technology, upgrading of wide-blown-mix technology: On 19 April 2021, the Institute of Wide-air Research launched a campaign to upgrade the brand of “wave power” to the fruit-mixed “green-dry technology” to further invest in the development of China's most powerful hybrid technology platform.
The BMW system will be based on two options: 1) working with Toyota and borrowing powerths. The BMX will be the country’s first self-owned brand to carry Toyota oil and electricity mixed with two-voltile power systems. 2) The autonomous development of the gmc hybrid system will create a hybrid system with wide-blown intellectual property rights (IPRs).
Figure 29: Two hybrid schemes with wide steam autonomy: Eastern financial and intellectual sources 3.2.1 Toyota wins by working together with Toyota.
The hybrid system is the Toyota 4th Generation Large Capacity Ths system, which contains mixed power transformers, pcu integrated motor controls, power cells, hv-ecu whole vehicle controllers, and components such as the total power drive (four-drive) after p4.
The maximum torque 270n.m, with a maximum speed of 17,500 r/min, is consistent with the parameters of the ths system on board New Zealand. Toyotaths is accompanied by a third generation of 2.0 tmilleller cycle engines with a wide-air gccs burn control system, which combines "black technology" such as low-temperature cooling exhaust gas recycling technology, double-stream booster technology, and a maximum power of 185kw, the maximum twister.
390n m, with a maximum fuel efficiency of 40.23%, is a leader in the industry. The system will be used mainly for a hybrid vehicle type on a wide-b/c platform, with a wide network of officials using a wide-car-type Nedc, which consumes 5.5l km of oil, which is more than 30% of fuel saving compared to the fuel-based model, and 5.3-5.8l/100 km of fuel consumption in New Zealand's Engineering and Information Department.
At the same time, the system takes into account power performance, requiring only 6.9s for a four-drive mode 0 to 100 km/h acceleration, with a high level of excellence in the same type of vehicle.
3.2.2 The autonomous development of the gmc hybrid system, gmc 2.0, will be launched in November 2022, with the first appearance of a 4-drilled cross-border x-power concept vehicle. In November 2011, the wide-gas release spreads three versions of the gs5 plug-in, hybrid and multiplier.
The first generation of the gmc hybrid system was then rolled out, using the p1+p3 structure, and the gmc became the platform of the BMS. gmc integrated the two-voltage system, the transmission system and the hydraulic control system of the clutch (structure chart below). The clutch was separated and the power-driven wheels were completed.
The first generation of gmc with a 1.5-latk engine developed autonomously by wide-voltage, and the platform released its first volume product in 2015. Then, based on gmc, wide-blown cars were released in the form of ga3sphev, gs4phev, and ga5phev.
Second-generation gmc-gmc 2.0 is in the process of producing a second-generation gmc system, which will carry a fourth generation of 2.0atk engines developed autonomously with a maximum efficiency of more than 97.5%, a 100-km fuel consumption of up to 4l, and a 35% fuel saving rate.
The first model of the system, Nedc, is less than 3.6l. The system is not only efficient and energy efficient, but is also robust, requiring only 2.9s, 0 to 100km/h to accelerate 7.3s at a rapid start. The system will cover the full vehicle pattern and expand the hev, phev, etc.
Figure 35: Production of Gmc 2.0-2022 by wide-voltage conglomerates in the layout of the core components of the hybrid system:
Wide-voltage engine efficiency: Wide-volt autonomous engines have been upgraded from four generations, and the result has been positive: the first generation of wide-volt engines, the prototype, came from Alpha Romeo, and as a result of the introduction of the year, it was decided that the second generation of engines would be on the path to complete autonomous research and development and that detailed product and technology planning would be deployed.
R & D, with the launch of second generation engine products in 2015. In 2018, a third generation of engines was launched, and the third generation of engines, with the application of the rightsizing philosophy and mainstream technology, reached a level of convergence with the world’s leading players. The fourth generation of 2.0atk engines was dedicated to hybrid engines, and in 2020, they will be produced in 2022.
Technologies such as ultra-high compression ratio and low-temperature cooling outside egr, based on a wide-voltage gccs combustion control system, achieves efficiency and cleanness in the combustion process in the 15.6 ultra-high compression ratio and large egr ratio by co-opting fuel jets, inside the cylinders. In thermal management, use tank caps, open-water and tank stratified water set designs, together with electronic pumps, temperature control modules, to achieve accurate demand-driven cooling controls and further reduce overall vehicle energy consumption.
With regard to the reduction of friction, 42.10 per cent of the wide-blue industry is technically ahead of the gasoline combustion control system (gccs), using techniques such as fully variable oil pumps, low-strength pistons, cam-axis rolling bearings and dlc coatings: at the heart of the engine is the combustion system, which for many years has plagued the technological advancement of autonomous engines, the main reason is that the development of the combustion system is not fully autonomous and relies more on these industries, such as avl.
In the future, the GVA has been able to raise engine heat efficiency to 45% of the world’s most advanced engine levels by re-engineering the combustion control strategy in depth through visualization of high-speed photography, laser tank combustion diagnosis, etc. The GVA has explored the areas of gas engine pressure, catalytic recomposition, pre-burning rooms, and thin combustion.
The multiplicity of technologies is expected to increase engine heat efficiency to 45%. The East’s financial and intellectual boom, the Broad Gas Group (601238): What is the power of hybrid technology in the wide gas system?
Efficient electromechanical coupling systems: After more than 10 years of development of hybrid systems, the Broad Gas Group has accumulated rich experience in the study of hybrid power coupling systems. The Wide Gas Gmc has complete autonomous intellectual property configurations and designs, and the first generation of Gmc in 2019 gained the designation of the World's Ten Perfect Variables with high performance and high reliability. The Second Generation of Gmc, the first generation in quality and performance tables, is about to be launched.
There has been a significant upswing. The country is taking the lead in using transformer technology to make the power system more efficient by changing the power cell's straight-line voltage voltage so that the voltage can vary with the voltage in order to expand the power's efficient operating area. gmc2.0 allows multiple multi-slot multi-mode and torque output to optimize the power distribution and energy management of engines, generators and power drivers in order to ensure that the engine is fully operational and the engine is hot.
The efficiency utilization factor is 95.5%. Wide gas has the leading technical power on pure power drive: what is the power of wide gas conglomerate's power in pure electricity?
Driving. By developing transformer technology for the first time, wide gas has achieved a different level of work, with power efficiency of “double 90%”, or more than 90% efficiency, and the hybrid development experience of 2008-2021, more than 10 years, has been to launch a better blending product: the hybrid model that has been introduced by wide gas for almost 10 years has not shown impressive sales performance, but it has accumulated a lot of experience with hybrid technology in the last 10 years.
In our view, the industry is already ahead of each other in terms of motors, electromechanical coupling systems (gmc), development experience, and technological strength in pure electricity. With the launch of gmc 2.0 in 2022, a major breakthrough is likely to be achieved in the sales of the hybrid vehicle.
Combining is a two-carbon (a major technological route to a double-accumulation target: the completion point of the double-carbon target is clear, with a higher requirement for domestic car cars to be energy-efficient and new-energy vehicles. Double-cafc and new-energy car (nev) credits are included in the average fuel-consumption credits of car-based enterprises, 7.35 million in 2020, and 3.3 million in new-energy vehicles.
Technology will be an important technological route for cars to meet their targets. The hybrid system will be able to match the engine by introducing generators, power drivers, switching the vehicle to different work modes, and keeping the engine in an efficient operating zone, in order to achieve a fuel-saving effect.
The Energy Automobile Technology Road Map 2.0, which we measured in 2025 and 2030 will be 10,76 million cars and 13,39 million cars, respectively, is a perfect combination of mechanical and power-driven rather than transitional technology: the hybrid structures are diverse, the structures are different, the structures are superior and there is no one-size-fits-all hybrid structure, and we list and analyse the current market with more centralized structures. The essence of the hybrid system is to optimize power and power.
Motivation, electric power) coupled efficiency, maximizing the time that engines and generators run in an efficient region, leading to mechanical and power-driven integration, and a significant increase in energy efficiency. The combination technology threshold is high, and cars need to have both high-efficiency internal combustion technology, as well as long-term experience with electro-coupling technology, making it possible to launch a hybrid system that is almost “perfect” within the right price range.
Toyota: This is the largest hybrid system in the world for annual and cumulative sales, and the Toyota (including the Lexus brand) on board has sold more than 18 million cars and China has sold more than a million vehicles. Toyota is deep in mixed technology.
Toyota has the world’s leading high-efficiency internal combustion technology, the efficient operation of the electric power plant, and the mixed research and development experience accumulated over the years. Toyota has become a strong national competitor for this. Honda also has high-efficiency internal combustion technology, machine coupling systems, and long-standing experience since 1997, which has laid the foundations of the field’s power in the field of mixing.
The two routes are mixed up in depth and are expected to take advantage of the mixed market heights: 1) Toyota highs, with a third generation of 2.0tm engines developed autonomously by the gas: by the end of 2021, the first model of the Toyota Toyota flag vehicle, gs8, will be available. A more efficient ths, combined with a third generation of high-efficiency motors (heat efficiency is greater than 40%), will lead to a higher product type. 2) The autonomous development of the gmc system, which will launch the gmc 2.0 product in 2022: wide range
The engine has undergone four generation upgrades, with the fourth generation 2.0atk engine being a dedicated hybrid engine with a heat efficiency of 42.1%; the second generation of the electromechanical coupling system, gmc, is about to be launched, with a complete upgrade in quality; and the wide-scale engine began to develop hybrid technology in 2008 with extensive R&D experience. Corporate profitability forecasting and investment ratings: double carbon, double-component policies will accelerate the motor powering process, and hybrid technology is the main route for motor powering.
With a high hybrid technology threshold, a wide-blown gas system that is embedded in the area of mixing, building barriers to its hybrid technology, it is hoped that the future market will be the best. The company’s new-energy car sales have fallen short of expectations, and the new-energy automobile industry has outpaced expectations.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Hiro Group (601238): What's the power of the hybrid technology in the Broad Air System?
What's the power of the hybrid technology in the wide-air system?
Master of Management, University of Nankai, with many years of experience in automobiles and spare parts research, has been employed since 2009 at the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Profile of Research Assistant, Jang Yoon
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.