GIG (601238) Standing at the new heights, looking at the stars, the sea, the big ones.
Re-thinking of the auto self-portfolio: The whole business is cyclical, and the mainstream cars go from high sales to low sales to take off. The key to taking off again from the valley depends on the company being researched, the company being the Guangzhou Auto-Industries Company Ltd., and the Van Dynasty Company.
Production and sales have been improved and closely coordinated. Wide-air autonomous sales have dropped from 535,000 in 2018 to 354,000 in the group companies, China Mechanical Industries Group, Guangzhou Steel, etc. In 2018, he insisted on high R & D inputs, smart layouts, electric power, mixing, etc.
Co-initiator of the iron conglomerates, Ltd., with core technology: continuous restructuring of the organizational structure, enhanced co-operation in research and marketing, implementation of the large State-owned shareholding enterprise initiated in 2019
Groups. Major operations include driving vehicles, commercial vehicles, motor vehicle monitoring systems to increase the success rate of vehicles. Mass auto panels have changed qualitatively and need to be recognizable.
In January-July 2021, the cumulative sales of 53.541 services, as well as the import-export trade of automobile-related products, increased by 110.3 per cent compared with the increase of 110.3 per cent in July, when the EA purchase order exceeded 16,000 vehicles, and we expect sales to be made throughout the year 2021.
Leases, used cars, logistics, dismantling, regeneration of resources, car credits, finance leases, commercial factoring, insurance and insurance
At the end of EA, the share of direct sales is currently only 23%, with a marked increase in the share of individual users. Aionsplus, aiony, aionv, and anaionlx, among other things, and the full-scale targeting of the new car type at the personal user market, the share of EA is expected to continue to rise.
2021-8-31 launch of the semi-annual 2021 high-end smart electric vehicle, where both sides will jointly develop the first large smart pure suv model and plan to issue debt and cross-share presentations:
Production at the end of 2023. For the first time in the country, the L4 autopilot system, developed autonomously by wide gas, introduced a mix of solid-state laser radars, with a volume of aionlx on board the laser radar. 38941 were sold and 26425 were sold by fax m6, representing a significant share of distribution.
Upgraded to 21.6 per cent and 14.7 per centm8 to become the medium- and high-end mpv market, after Bekgl8. 2) Breaking through the car market: Volkswagen Leopard opened a pre-sale on 6.18 August, and stock/circulation (millions of shares) on 17 August
The order exceeds 25,000. As the delivery progresses, the next month will be sold over a 10,000-hour period and will be a break-in for the main car from the flow b/h (millions of shares). 3) Middle-high end suv market: the new kings of gs8 will return, and the wave power will rise.
Tahths, with its hold, are expected to return to the upper- and middle-end suv heights. 4) Mixed technology: Wide-Ga Automation System gmc has more than 10 years of R & D experience, and gmc 2.0 will produce more. 5) Because of the growth period of the Wide-Steam Group, the Wide-Steam Self-Cutting High-elasticity Period is expected to move into a period of growth.
Toyota Honda's new energy power is rediscovered: 1) The two fields are the masters of the mixed market: the mixed market is destined to be a highly concentrated market, and a good hybrid system requires more than 10 years of experience in re-engineering because of the high technical threshold. Many cars have weak stocks of mixed technology. The mixed market is about to start, with only a few.
Several car companies can share market cakes, and two fields will undoubtedly be the most competitive ones. 2) Toyota is based on the production of a series of bz electric cars developed by pure power platforms, or changes the market’s perception of Toyota’s fall in pure electricity.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the value of the gas is to be recognized again in the market, and the elasticity of the spread is to be reflected in the recovery of sales. We reiterate our recommendation that the Logic Broadband joint venture companies (Handa Toyota, Honda, etc.) contribute to a steady growth in investment returns, providing a higher security margin, a large amount of steam.
The net annual return profits are 9.8 billion yuan, 13.25 billion yuan and 147.4 billion yuan, respectively.
1. Wide proprietorship is supposed to be recognizable from a high sales point in 2018, and the wide proprietorship has the power to take off again: whole-of-car business cycles: whole-of-car operations are cyclical, the Great Wall, Chang An, Gilly and so on have experienced high sales from low sales to high-rises.
In 2016, as in 2016, the long-ass vehicles fell from 1.42 million sales to 849,000 in 2019, and only a new product cycle began in the second half of 2019, when the new cs75plus was on the market. The Great Wall also went through a process of 969,000 vehicles in 2016 to 886.5 million in 2020 (the Great Wall does not contain pickup cards), and a new upward trajectory was not introduced until the launch of the lemon platform series in the second half of 2021.
Ten thousand vehicles, 40.6% more than the same year, are significantly higher than the industry’s 21% increase. Even after taking into account the sale of the gas, 2021.1-7 megacargo sales are about 180,000 vehicles, or 28.0% more than the industry, and they are showing a similar recovery.
Thus, the development of new technologies, the power of vehicle-type products, the commercialization of vehicle-type goods, the positioning of markets, and the precision and effectiveness of marketing and promotion strategies determine the volume of new models. East’s financial and intellectual booms.
Since 2018, the BG has maintained a high level of research and development investment, with industry leading technology in electric vehicles, hybrids, and efficient internal combustion engines. Fuel platform gpma, pure power platform gep (the third generation will also be launched), hybrid system gmc 2.0, and fourth generation blended high-efficiency internal combustion units have been or will be launched, which are the guarantee of the future product power of the BAS.
In August 2019, in line with development strategies and operational needs, the company created a new vehicle, the Ministry of Industry, the Ministry of Spare Parts and Components, and the Ministry of Commerce and Trade.
In September 2020, the group continued to optimize its organizational structure, complement and improve the organizational structure and functions of the original enterprise, and set up an operating management committee to work with the entire enterprise.
The Department operates to strengthen integrated operations, integrate management, and improve the competitiveness of the autonomous branding system. The Automobile Masters system was introduced, increasing the success rate of the car: the Automobile Autonomy System was introduced in 2019, with the Director General forming a research team responsible for the success or failure of the vehicle, significantly increasing the efficiency of the operation and the integration of research and marketing.
We believe that, in light of the changes in recent years, a qualitative change has taken place in the wide steam autonomy plate, which the market needs to rediscover.
The cumulative sales of 53,541 vehicles in January-July 2021, an increase of 110.3 per cent over the same period, were over 16,000 in July, with high orders providing security for EAA’s continued heat sales. We expect that EA’s monthly sales are expected to be sustained in the second half of the year, when EA’s sales will ease the impact of the chips as it enters the season.
In 2021, EA's collection is expected to reach $18 billion: from a vehicle-type sales structure, aiony was listed in April 2021 and began contributing tens of thousands of dollars. According to the average of the official vehicle-type price zones, EA's collection in 2021 is expected to reach $18 billion.
BG (601238): At the beginning of the new heights, looking at the starship sea, Figure 8: Structured units of vehicle pattern sales: one vehicle, Figure 7: Monthly unit of sales of BMEAN: one vehicle
Large-scale electricization of the 10,000-car market means that the 100-20 million electric motor vehicle market will continue to be the largest segment of the market in the future. With pure electric platforms, the spread of intelligence, and the gradual scalability effect of electric cars, mainstream cars will introduce 10.2 million dollars, with more productive electric vehicles competing with fuel trucks of the same grade, to achieve full electricization of cars.
In 2020, EA took the lead in the segment of the market, where EA was concentrated at 100,000 to 200,000 prices. According to our statistics, electricity sales in the price segment in 2020 were approximately 366,000, a decline of 22.6 per cent compared to the corresponding figure, and the sale of 46,000 vehicles by Aions, followed only by Biadein, where Aionv was ranked second, with 10709 (listed in June 2020), and ranked 11th in the market in this area by GWAA.
Ten thousand, ranked first, aionv 5318, ranked ninth, aiony (listed in 2021/04), sold 4203, ranked 11th.
The share of end-of-end b sales is currently only 23%. End-of-end b user ratio is significantly lower: end-of-end b market refers to business-type customers. This corresponds to end-of-cycle individual users. According to EAN, end-of-end B users account for 23% of the top 2021.1-6 and individual users 77%. Since 2021, the list of listed aion series has been fully targeted at individual user markets:
The simple upgrade of the aionsplus is a completely different product and target user: it was marketed on June 23, 2021, with a variety of color options, including ice powder, quantum red, fast silver, all-time silver, and especially ice powder, which became a high-precedented version of the aionsplus poster, and was popular with young female users. It was branded 1.9 square metres of superbly colorable skyscreen, and a new generation of intelligence connections to adigo 4.0
All of them. Aionsplus' overall appearance, configuration, etc. is dominated by individual users, with a clear distinction from the old aions, with a greater distinction between the user groups.
On April 2021, the Shanghai Car Fair, the fourth-style Aiony of the family, was placed on the market at a subsidized sale price of $10.46-1486 million. According to the Gas E-Ann network, aiony pre-saled from 29 March to 19 April 2021, with an average of more than 400 orders per day.
East’s financial and intellectual source of aiony personality is a practical one, targeting the individual user market: aiony looks fashion, personality, and utility, where aiony still shows a clear lead in space and axle range.
Quick roll-out to attract new customers: August 1, 2021, aiony launched the upgraded version of the vehicle, all 70 upgraded to the "vital" version, and a super-long renewal version of the nedc, 600 km, subsidized for sale at $138,600.
The market is new. For example, 2021.8.29, aiony will present a limited and convertible version of the universal economy.
In September 2021, the new car will be replaced by auonv, auonlx, which is about to be re-funded: auonv will be replaced by a new family Facebook design, which will be more compatible with the properties of the electric car movement.
The mileage is 702 km, with a maximum power of 200kw and a peak torque 320n m power drive, while the battery has been used for three dollars. The aionlx version of the paramyl batteries super-duration mileage (1,000 km) will be on the market by the end of the year. Figure 19: New aionv family face (unlisted)
Figure 20: Current sales aionv model The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, combined with changes in aionsplus, aiony, aionv and aionlx and the listing of new models, the personal share of Eian is expected to increase continuously.
E-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-T-A-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T...
On 10 July 2021, the company issued a public announcement, and the board of directors considered and adopted the Bill on the Wide-Small Eyan-Wall (Ah8-type) Project, and agreed to the implementation of the All-Small Eyan New Energy Motors Company Limited and Hua-Ah8-type project. In accordance with the strategic cooperation agreement signed between the company and China-Technology Limited, the two parties will build a new generation of ccas based on the Wide-Small Gep 3.0-plate platform and Hwa-Cca (calculation and communication structure)
The smart car digital platform, which is a global smart car solution, jointly defines and develops a series of smart and intelligent cars for the future. This project is a joint development of a large smart, pure suv model, with a total investment of RMB 788 million and a planned production by the end of 2023. We expect that the price position of the company and the Chinese cooperative vehicle model will be higher than the one being sold as a high-end model for the Eian brand.
Intelligent path of the BG: Adigo is an interconnected ecosystem: in July 2019, the BWA joined forces to launch the Adigo (Intelligent) ecosystem. It consists of a number of key support systems, including the Automated Driving System, the Adigo Smart Constellation System, and the future.
In April 2021, the company released adigo 4.0 as a re-enhancement of the original version. Adigo 4.0 introduced a new generation of smart and capable systems, g-os, which were developed autonomously by the SIDA Autotech Ltd., which was established by the group in association with the C.V.S.
A 14.6.15.6 inch screen was used, and adigo 4.0 achieved a volume load of ar-hud in the country.
The new electronics architecture will be launched in 2023: the Institute of Wide Aerial Driving has been set up to develop a full-scale deep resource in the development of key algorithms and software based on a new generation of centralized computing electronics architectures, to integrate in depth key technologies such as auto-driving perception, decision-making, etc. and to establish a wide-breathed auto-driving research and development route and ecology.
Eeea3.0 electrical architecture in 2023, with continuous upgrades.
For the first time in the country, a combination of stationary solid-state laser radars was introduced, abandoning the “helmet” mechanical laser radar programme commonly used in the industry; and core components such as a mass-based, ultra-high-resolution visual sensor, embedded computing units, etc.: a system-level programme was constructed in a safe, reliable and quantifiable manner through functional security, information security, big data, etc.
Fig. 23: Aionlx on a laser radar vehicle will produce 1.2 wide-breath chess - mixing, fuel layout, eating a few hard bones: mpv market, car market and mid-high-end suv market
Listed on the market, with a sales price of $17.98-26.4 million and an upgrade of the power system to 2.0t+8at. Since the market, the number of sales has stabilized, rising to the level of mpv 200,000 in 17 months. The sales volume was about 34,000 in 2020, representing a 47.1 per cent increase in the same year, representing 11.5 per cent of the sales volume. The sale price was 10.98-1598 million yuan in January 2019.
In 2020, 39.5 million vehicles were sold, representing a reverse increase of 10.8 per cent, or 13.4 per cent of the distribution volume. In 2021, m6\m8 sales increased significantly, representing a significant increase in the share of the distribution: 2,021.1-7 m8 cumulative sales of 38,941 and m6 cumulative sales of 26425, representing a significant increase, respectively, to 21.6 per cent and 14.7 per cent.
And number six, breaking the position that autonomous brands lead only in low-end mpv. From the 2021 mpv sales pattern, autonomous brands occupy within mpv markets of $100,000 (Keije, Bo, 730 etc.) and East Wind (Dinji, etc.), while more than $100,000, Buickgl8 sales are maintained first, and sales of m8 and m6 are gradually outpacing the Honda mpv binaries, becoming autonomous champions in this area.
The hard bone at the middle and high end of the mpv market: Buick sells 10,000.gl6 with the exception of the gl8 constant heat.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, figure 24: "M8 and M8 Masters" Buickgl8.
Odyssey Honda. Mr. Avery Honda.
Mitsubishi Catcher, Gillician, Rongwei imamx8.
The mpv market continues the trend of high-end and multiplication, and the middle-end mpv blue-sea market will be activated: in 2020, domestic mpv sales will be about 1,054,000, compared to 23.8%, continuing the downward trend since 2017. In terms of product structure, our mpv market is concentrated on two ends, one of which is high-end mpv, at a price of $200,000 and above, such as Bekgl8, Honda Odyssey, Mr. Avery, and the main high-end household and business markets; the other is low-end mpvv.
The market, where prices are concentrated, is within $100,000, such as the one-man economy, the other, the other 730. The main household mpv market between $100,000 and $200,000, which is smaller than the first two, is still growing in scope and is still a blue sea market.
Market products, such as Gilicato, Eunweiimax8 and Mitsubishi Kaije. We believe that, as the policies of second and third births continue, families travel with greater demand for space, mpv is best suited for household cars, and the mid-end mpv market is expected to enter the growth period. Low-end mpv falls and middle-end mpv continues to grow: in 2020, mpv sales to 10 tons of mpv738,000, or mpv total.
70.1 per cent of the volume was structurally higher at lower end mpv, such as a 30.1 per cent decline in Mitsubishi macrolight and a 55.6 per cent decline in Bounty 730; the middle and upper end mpv markets were relatively strong, with a 5.9 per cent increase in Bekgl8 and a 5.0 per cent decrease in Honda Odyssey and a 40.7 per cent increase in East Windfield Avery and a 47.1 per cent increase in mid end mpv and a 10.8 per cent increase in M8 and M6 respectively.
Figure 27: mpv sales and speed of increase: Figure 28: 2020 mpv sales totop10 units: vehicle
The sedan market, where the leopards will be turned over to the limousine, is officially on the market, with a cumulative order of 15,000 on 3 August and a cumulative order of 25,000 on 17 August. Figure 29: mpv sales and speed of increase
The car has always been a soft spot in the brand name, and the leopard will be a sharp instrument for keeping the car market stable: the car market is still an important market for cars, and foreign companies have invested more research and development resources and new models in the car market.
Toyoshi, Teslamodel3, Toyota Camerry, Toyota Thundering, etc. are regular guests. Only the pure electricity and hybrids such as Mitsubishi Hongmini, Biadi Qin and others enter the top 10, and the autonomous fuel-based sedans enter the list.
In October 2016, Gs8 was placed on the market at a price of $16.38-2598,000 for high-end and high-end suv, all of which were built-on-barrel research and development of 2.0t.
Engines. The roll-out of gs8 with a fully active R & D design led to a significant increase in sales after the launch, which in 2017 was more than 10,000 vehicles per month, exceeding the break-down of the market sticker, Hanlanda. At the same time, most of the autonomous branding companies still had no medium-to-high-end products, and the high-end brands of Gilly and the Wall were launched only in 2017.
High-end preparations were inadequate, and the transfer of gs8 entered the adjustment period: in 2017, the production of gs8 was not affected. We believe that the 2017-2018 wide-gas groups are in the area of autonomous vehicle use, both in terms of technological accumulation and supply chain management; and
Brand influence is difficult to sustain at the mid-to-high end of the 150-2 million market. But successful attempts to spread gs8 provide a valuable experience and user base for high-end and up-to-date branding. Figure 33: Distribution of gs in August
The new gs8 is about to be released: the new gs8 will be released in the second half of 2021, and the new gs8 will be born on the i platform of the gpma architecture, "l" representing the large, Luxury, big space, luxury.
High performance chassis adjusts four features for sale. Compared to old gs8, the whole of the second generation gs8 has increased by 24 per cent, turning to response, 28.3 per cent, the brake system has just increased by 30 per cent, and the four-drive system response time has increased by 25 per cent.
Figure 35: New gs8 Appearances bis: Dragon Wings Figure 36: New gs8 interior design Toyotaths, increased wave power, balancing fuel consumption with power: New gs8 has two power versions of fuel and hybrid models, combustion
The oil version carries a 2.0 tgdi engine, with a maximum power of 185 kw, and the maximum torque is raised from 390 n m to 400 n m, matching Ashin's latest generation of 8at transformers. The hybrid version carries a 2.0 tm engine with 40.23% heat efficiency for the fourth generation of hybrid motors, and the Toyota fourth generation of ths hybrid power system (consistent with the new Hanlanda). The new gs8 is the model of the Chinese brand's first car with Toyota's fourth generation ths hybrid system.
The rate of fuel savings is over 30%.
(a) Wide Steam Group (601238): At the beginning of the new heights, looking at the stars and the sea, figure 37: The first is an autonomous brand with the Toyota 4ths system;
In November 2009, for the first time, a four-drive cross-border X-Power concept vehicle was launched. In November 2011, a three-page version of a wide-air hybrid system with a single power engine was launched, using a p2 structure.
Second-generation gmc-gmc 2.0 is about to be produced: the Institute is developing a second-generation gmc system, which will carry a fourth generation of 2.0atk engines that will be developed autonomously on a wide-gas basis, with a maximum efficiency of more than 97.5%, a 100-km fuel consumption of up to 4l, and a 35% fuel saving rate. According to the wide-air network, it is measured that the first type of vehicle on board the system, Nedc is running a 100-km fuel consumption of up to 3.6l.
An acceleration in type 0-50 km/h requires only 2.9s, 0-100 km/h to accelerate 7.3s, with rapid start-up response. The system will cover a wide-broad-breathed vehicle type and expand the hev, phev, etc.
Technologies such as ultra-high compression ratio and cooling external egr, based on a wide-voltage gccs combustion control system, achieves efficiency and cleaning of combustion processes in the 15.6 ultra-high compression ratio and the larger egr ratio by optimizing the flow of fuel injections, inside the cylinders, and financial and intellectual sources in the east. In thermal management, use tank caps.
The design of open-water and tank staircases, coupled with electronic pumps, temperature control modules to achieve accurate demand-driven cooling controls and further reduce overall vehicle energy consumption. In reducing frictions, techniques such as fully variable oil pumps, low tension piping rings, wheel bearings, dlc coatings, etc., resulted in 42.10% of efficient electromechanical coupling systems: after more than 10 years of hybrid system development, the cellular group has accumulated a wealth of energy in the study of hybrid coupling systems.
In 2019, the first generation of the gmc, which has a complete autonomous intellectual property design and design, gained the title of the World's Ten Fine Transceivers with high performance and reliability. The second generation of the gmc system, which is about to be launched by the BMG, has significantly increased its quality and performance compared to the first generation.
Gmc2.0 achieves multi-slot multi-mode and torque output, effectively optimizing power distribution and energy management for engines, generators, and power drivers to ensure that engine performance is efficient and efficient, with a 95.5% engine heat efficiency utilization factor.
The model is not surprising in terms of sales, but it has accumulated a lot of experience in hybrid technology in the last 10 years. The hybrid technology threshold is high, and the birth of a good hybrid system takes a long time to grind. We believe that the mass gas group is expected to make a major breakthrough in engine, electromechanical coupling (gmc), development experience, and launch.
1.3 BASIC profitability analysis - high elasticity at high fixed costs A significant decline in autonomous business profitability and high fixed cost is due mainly to a significant decline in the Māori rate of company vehicle usage since 2018, from fixed asset depreciation + amortization of intangible assets + total impairment of $5.29 billion in 2017: BAG fixed asset depreciation was $2.24 billion in 2020.
Intangible assets are amortized at $2.49 billion, intangible assets are impaired at $560 million, and three costs are clearly fixed-cost attributes. Intangible assets of a wide-blown group are mainly based on proprietary and generic technologies, with an end value of $7.75 billion in 2020 and a share of 55.8 per cent of intangible assets.
The amount of depreciation, amortization and impairment for bicycles was raised from $7232 in 2017 to $14,939: due to the decline in the sale of a wide proprietorship brand, the build-up of fixed costs led to a significant reduction in the impact of size and an increase in the fixed cost of a single vehicle.
The operating cash flow clearly outperformed the book profit: since depreciation, amortization, and impairment did not involve cash expenditure, the operating cash flow of the group remained relatively good. The operating cash flow minus the operating cash of the financial business, minus the operating profits of the investment and other gains, is almost autonomous.
From the beginning of the new heights, looking to the sea of stars.
2. Re-awareness of the new energy power of Toyota Honda.
Toyota is the most global annual and cumulative hybrid system: Toyota has consistently extended this to its flag model, which now largely covers the low-end model of Toyota High School, reflecting the greater expansionability of this model. Toyota (Halexas brand) on board the Ths system is already overstretched, with 1.7 per cent growth compared to the previous period, accounting for 22.5 per cent of Toyota ' s global sales (19.8 per cent). 2021.1-May, Toyota Hev (including phev) is sold globally.
10.07 million vehicles, an increase of 70.0 per cent over the same period, representing 25.9 per cent of Toyota ' s global sales.
tnga begins with a change in the basic structure of the vehicle, completely remodels the power matrix (engine, gearbox, hev module) and the base frame (deck). In conjunction with the tnga architecture, Toyota has developed a new power matrix, including the dynamyforceengine, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
A series of engines. Of these, the engines that were carried in the ths-112.5l came from the series. Toyota's data on the efficiency of the dynamicforceengine series showed that heat efficiency was over 40% ahead of industry levels.
The power rate was 12% lower and the torque decreased by 21%, but the speed of the torque increased by 26%, reaching 17000 rpm. The density of power power was further increased, with the latest design leading to a 20% reduction in electricity losses, and the design of new electron fixes using high spatial system distributions to reduce losses.
Toyota's multi-year experience of hybrid technology: Toyotas displayed at the 22nd Tokyo Car Fair in 1977 the "toyotasports 800 gas turbines" wheeled hybrid vehicle, known as Toyota Hev, which was developed in 1997 as the first generation of mass-cars with the ths hybrid system, Prius, where the mix architecture has not changed substantially since then. After more than 20 years of hybrid research and development manufacturing experience,
Toyota has created a hybrid system that is close to perfect. Wide-blown Toyota mixed-up ratios are rising: Toyota Toyota Motor Co. Ltd., one of Toyota’s two whole-car joint ventures in China, is one of the main forces in promoting the Toyota hybrid model.
(b) In January-June 2021, Hiro Fashion sold 67,545 vehicles, representing 16.2 per cent of the volume, and in June 2021, all of New Hlanda was listed and all of the listed hybrids were installed. The All-New mpv races will be on board. We believe that the All-New mpv races will also carry 2.5l versions of the hybrid system.
The price gap between the Toyota hybrid model and the fuel vehicle is gradually narrowing, with the price gap for some of the models being reduced to less than 10%, which is conducive to the increase in the volume of the hybrid model: we try to choose the same configuration version for the wide mix and fuel model, compared to the official guideline price difference.
The fuel truck is an average price of $14,000 and a price of about 10.6 per cent, the Camery double price of about 25,000 and a price of about 11.1 per cent, the Willanda double price of about 32,000 and a price of about 16.1 per cent, and the Handanda double price of about 24,000 and a price of about 8.6 per cent, and we believe that, as the effects of Toyotaths scale continue to show, the difference between the Toyota mix and the fuel truck price will gradually decrease, while the fuel economy, nvh and performance, are better than the price.
In 2016, Honda entered China with Yakaku Rush (on-board i-mmd system) and Hondai-mmd officially entered China.
By the first half of 2021, Honda's sales in China, including East Fung Honda, had been more than half a million. According to Honda China, in 2020 Honda sold 20.15 million vehicles in China, accounting for 12.4 per cent of Honda's sales in China; and 2021.1-6 Honda sold 11,680,000 vehicles in China, accounting for a larger share of Honda's sales.
The case was raised to 14.9 per cent, which is comparable to the sales in Toyota, and the strength of the core components of the Honda i-mmd system: Honda's efficient internal combustion technology - Earth Dream Engine: Hondai-mmd uses 2.0l Atkinson's two-wheeled caps for accelerators.
Motivated, Honda has achieved two types of cams with excellent heat efficiency through a unique vtec+vtc cycle, which achieves low fuel and high output power power while continuously controlling the gas entrance phase through electrodynamic vtc (modifiable time control) and further increases the fuel efficiency. This engine achieves a maximum power of 107kw/6200rpm, with a maximum torque of 175nm/3500rpm.
High power, high-efficiency binoculars: the two-power system is the main power component of the i-mmd system, with output and twists improved and further miniaturized compared to the traditional type. The power engine is driven by high power output, high torque, with a strong, smooth and responsive drive immediately after start-up, with an efficient energy regeneration at a time of deceleration.
An efficient power control unit: Hondaj-mmd is equipped with a direct motor connection clutch, and during high-speed cruises the engine output axis is connected directly to the wheel and enters the engine drive mode to achieve an efficient direct connection mode. i-mmd is also equipped with an efficient power control unit (pcu).
Smart devices with free control of currents and voltage, built-in compact converters, can raise battery-generated voltage up to 700v. These successful results have benefited from years of mixed R & D experience since Honda.
With regard to the mixed market: a high technology threshold, a good hybrid vehicle would be a sharper vehicle to replace a fuel vehicle The mixed fuel-saving principle - a perfect combination of two engines: industry usually describes fuel efficiency in engines with bsfc (fuel consumption rate) and heat efficiency, engine bsfc means fuel quality (in g units) consumed in g/(kw.h) for each 1kw effective power fired by the engine.
The lower the fuel consumption rate, the better the economy. The heat efficiency of the engine is the ratio of thermal energy to mechanical energy, i.e., through the burning of gasoline, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Broad Gas Group (601238), standing at a new high starting point, looking to the sea of stars.
The thermal energy is eventually converted into a ratio of mechanical energy. Depending on the engine's operational properties, the engine-efficient area is in a certain speed and torque zone, within which only a higher heat efficiency or a lower bsfc (e.g. figure 20) can be achieved. The hybrid system has a high technical threshold and non-transitional technology: car companies need both high-efficiency internal combustion technology and long-term power-drive technology.
The long experience of electromechanical coupling technology makes it possible to launch a hybrid system that is almost “perfect.” This is a vehicle with both a pure tram performance and a high level of fuel saving and no extended time of anxiety and charging. Within the right price, the vehicle type that carries the system, once pushed out, will be a large-scale replacement for the internal combustion vehicle.
Figure 52: Distribution of 2.0l engine bsfc values in Honda The mixed market is bound to be a highly concentrated market: a good hybrid system takes more than 10 years of experience in re-engineering because of the high mixing technology threshold. Many cars have a weak mix of technologies.
It's down to 10%. And the hybrid has a better driving experience and better energy efficiency, the hybrid market is about to start, and only a few cars will be able to share the market cake, and the two fields will undoubtedly be the most competitive.
The domestic hev market is monopolized by two fields: according to the Institute of High Industry, the combined volume of energy-saving car sales in 2020 in the country amounted to approximately 414,000, an increase of 40 per cent; and in January-May 2021, the hev model sold about 203,000. In terms of market share, the market is now largely dominated by the two fields. In 2020, the combined share of the Hev stock of the four joint ventures in Toyota and Honda in the country was 99 per cent, and in January-April 2021, the total share of the share of the share of the share of the share in the market was four joint ventures in the country was 99 per cent.
In the second half of the second half of 2021, the Great Wall and the Bottle will be joined by a hev. Intruding, Biadi rose: 2021.1-June, with dm-i issuing, the market share of Biadi rose further to more than 30%.
Figure 53: Hev ' s domestic sales structure 2.2 Toyota ' s production will be based on pure power platform electric vehicles
The Toyota bz series of pure electric vehicles will produce in volume: in 2021, the Toyota car brought its brand new pure electric suv concept vehicle — bz4x, with a high degree of output. According to Toyota, bz4x was developed jointly by Toyota and Sbaru. The model combines their respective advantages, such as the Toyota e-tnga electric platform architecture, the four-drive, high-performance development advantage of Sbaru, and Toyota is expected to issue 15 pure electric vehicles by 2025.
7 from the bz series. Wide gas Eian value geometry: based on the above analysis, EA's collection is expected to reach $18 billion in 2021, EA's capacity is over-utilized this year, with an average ps value of 11.3 times. We believe that EA's current user structure continues to be optimized, sales of new models are increasing, and smartness is increasing.
The value of Eyan will gradually be recognized by the market.
Wide-space conglomerates (601238): At a new high point, looking at the stars and the sea, wide-space transfer will lead to a significant period of profit improvement: with the high sales of the leopards, the full-new gs8 in the second half of the year, and the high-profit mpv model, the basics of wide-space transmission are moving towards a full-scale improvement. As sales increase, the spread will show a stronger elasticity in performance due to higher fixed costs.
Toyota/Honda's power in new energy sources is underestimated: the mixed market is bound to be a highly concentrated market, and a good hybrid system will take more than 10 years to adapt because of the high skill threshold. A lot of cars are having a weak mix of technology. The mixed market is about to start, and only a few cars will be able to share the market cakes, and the two fields will undoubtedly be the most competitive. Toyota's bz series, based on pure power platforms, is about to be produced.
Toyota’s failure in the pure electricity sector has changed the market’s perception. Hundreds of dollars, equivalent to 0.88, 1.28, and 1.42, respectively.
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the source of the East's financial and intellectual prosperity, and the Hiroshima Group (601238), standing at the beginning of the new heights, looking to the sea of stars.
Lee Kim Jin, Master of Management, University of Nankai, who has had many years of research experience in automobiles and spare parts, has been employed in the National Information Centre, the Great Wall Securities Centre since 2009.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Wide Steam Group (601238): Standing at a new high, looking to the sea of stars, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.