Deep Series II: Models for Coal Enterprises, Multiple Perspective Analysis of Equities Orchestra and Space, China ' s Senghua (601088.sh) Models for Coal Enterprises, Multiple Perspective Analysis of Equities Orchestra and Space, Maintenance of “buy-in” ratings
The company is expected to continue to increase its valuation level as a coal pole leader, with a high proportion of annual coal-coal and coal-electrified ports-based integrated business model, with a strong profit stability, a combination of continued high dividends and a potential increase in coal and electricity in the future. Given the overall drop in coal prices in the first half of 2024, but the company's electricity operations are expected to continue to rise.
High growth certainty (for the time being, without taking into account the infusion of assets from the geese mining and from the Hangang energy), we have reduced the ratio of coal to that of the ICA and the volatility of the smooth cycle of integrated operations, with strong performance stability, the company's approved coal production capacity of 356 million tons, resource reserves of 32.58 billion tons, all of which are available at 1.38 billion tons.
In 2023, coal produced by itself was sold at 320 million tons and 330 million tons, respectively, in the lead of listed coal companies. In 2023, the annual share of coal sold by companies was close to 80 per cent, and it was at the forefront of listed coal enterprises, with the latter maintaining a high level of stability, thereby safeguarding the profitability of the company’s coal business.
There are still 7.75 million kilowatts of coal power units under construction in the year and before, the internal consumption of coal will continue to increase gradually, with a steady build-up of the “roads and ports” and the company's integrated operations achieving significant results, further enhancing performance stability. • The rate of dividends anchoring the “lpr or long-power rate + risk premium”, with room for upgrading
The company, as a model of policy response, started a high-dimension road as early as 2016, and since 2019 has set a shareholder return commitment, highlighting a high-dimension attitude, adding the advantages of corporate profit stability, and the pe valuation level has gone beyond the industry and increased significantly since 2022.
We analyse that the rate of dividends has gradually become the anchor of the company's stock space and that there are two methods of anchoring the rate of dividends: the method of anchoring the "five-year lpr plus risk premium", which is 3.85-4.35 per cent; and the method of anchoring the "Gang River power ratio plus risk premium", which is co-located.
• Multi-channel dividends still have the potential to increase, and the rate of interest anchoring will increase the space again. One is the increase in coal and power, which is expected to drive the rate up. The geese mining and Hang Jin energy have announced assets.
The company has the industry’s leading low-debt rate, showing the value of the investment – the company’s first quarterly report in 2024.
Value management and roe appraisals, we believe that companies still have the possibility of increasing the red rate in the future, assuming a red rate from the lpr+risk premium or the value of the dividends from the "Lpr+risk premium" or the "Langjiang power dividend plus risk premium", and with the value of the share price to show the value of the investment - company information update report
The difference between the higher and the lower interest rate, and the corresponding difference between the rate and the rate of the anchor rate, is the absence of capital gains. Coal/power growth performance is robust, market value management is enhanced. Electricity utilization hours have dropped significantly.
High-dimension expectations — company update report, coal pole leader, solid, high-profit, high-dimension model, 1.1, green background, coal-electrified integrated layout
The State Energy Group, which holds the shareholdings, holds the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. China’s Senghua Energy Company Ltd. (known as “China Shunhua” or “Corporate”) was established in 2004 and was listed in Hong Kong in June 2005 and Shanghai in October 2007. The company owns a large amount of coal, power generation, and coal industry.
In addition to the large-scale integrated transport network of railways, ports and ships, which efficiently connects the supply of resources in western China with the energy needs of the south-east coast, it is the integrated development of coal, electricity, transport and coal industry, which produces and distributes a long-term business, and the industrial complexes work together in depth and in an efficient and coordinated manner. As of March 31, 2024,
Moons are listed, combined by the former Shinhua Group and the National Electric Group, and now own all-industry chains of coal, electricity, transport, chemicals, and so on. Listed companies include China ' s Shunhua (a+h), Yonggen Power (a+h), National Electricity, Long Source Electricity, Dragon Source Technology, and Enritt. The National Energy Group ranked 76th out of the world ' s 500th highest in 2023.
The company uses its own transport and distribution networks, as well as downstream electricity, coal-chemistry and new energy industries, to develop and operate vertically and across industries. The coal industry: 350 million tonnes/year of certified coal production, with the construction of tens of millions of tons of mines and the first 200 million tons in the country.
Promotion of smart mines, green mines, development and application of critical core technologies such as smart mining surfaces, mine cards, unmanned vehicles, mine robots, smart integrated application platforms, maintenance of world-class production, technology, quality, energy consumption, environmental protection indicators, mechanization of coal mining, safe and efficient mine cover
The coverage rate and the green mine rate have reached 100% and have been awarded annually by the Coal Industry Association “Empower-saving emission reductions in the coal industry Power industry: total installed capacity of 4,463,000 kW, of which coal-fired power generation of 4,316,000 kW, gas-fired electricity, 950,000 kW, hydropower, and 125,000 kW. Active promotion of clean green, low-carbon coal-fired generators, 100% of coal-fired generators
To achieve devulcanization. 100% of the conventional coal power units have achieved super-low emissions. Deep-farming the “one-way” energy power market, the Indonesian clean coal-fired and environmentally friendly power plant series has become a model and a beacon for Chinese enterprises to “go out.” New energy industries: to achieve the "double carbon" goal of contributing energy, to actively promote new energy development and to promote new energy projects in new energy projects.
The Development and Investment Industry Fund has a dual capacity to plan, build, and deliver new energy projects of 3.61 million kilowatts. $6 billion has been allocated to the establishment of the National Investment Fund for New Energy Industries, the National Investment Fund for Green and Low Carbon Development, the launch of nearly 10 million kilowatts of wind power, the launch of photovoltaic projects, and the co-ordination of the new energy development resources of the National Energy Group.
Coalification Industry: The Head Coal Hydrocarbons Project is a national strategic priority and the world's first coal-based methanol production demonstration project, producing about 600,000 tonnes/year, mainly polyethylene, polypropylene and small by-products.
The railway industry: 2408 km of total railway operations, with an annual capacity of 530 million tons, more than 800 locomotives at its disposal, and more than 50,000 railway trucks, the second largest railway operator in China.
Intelligent, joint development of the world’s largest powered electric motor vehicle, construction of the first smart-wireding line for the domestic railway industry, successful launch of the world’s first-ever reloading of 25,000 tons of lté broadband mobile communications technology, piloting the country’s first high-powered hydrogen energy mode, and intelligent driving of “3+0 million” tons of vehicles to fill the domestic void.
Port industry: Three specialized companies with capacity to design absconding capacity of 270 million tonnes/year, including Huang Yu port, which is an important point of departure for the country's second largest channel, the North Coal South, leading the country in the application of coal, the coal terminal decomposition technology and the smart control of coal loading vessels, productivity and per capita profits.
The country’s first-ever specialized dry bulk port, with five-star “China Green Port” and the “China Prize for Environmental Excellence.” The shipping industry: 39 cargo ships, with a capacity of 2.13 million tons and an annual capacity of 54 million tons.
Lines cover the national coasts of Huang Yu, Tianjin, the island of Qin, the main ports along the river, and the fleet size, operating efficiency, etc. are among the top shipping companies in the country.
To benefit from improved coal prices and higher performance poles. Since the supply side reforms, coal prices have gradually improved, with supply shocks in 2021, such as the double carbon policy and the corruption of coal in the interior of the country for 20 years, as well as the demand for phased restoration and export improvements resulting from public events, resulting in a significant increase in coal prices overseas as a result of the geopolitical events of 2022.
The energy price boom further boosted coal prices, which declined in 2023 but remained at historically high levels. The company’s hub of performance moved up gradually with high coal prices, from $17.7 billion in operating revenue in 2015 to a significant increase in power coal prices in 2023, as shown in figure 2:2021
The company’s operating income is mainly from coal and electricity, with 64% and 22% of the revenue from coal and electricity, respectively, before the internal offset in 2023. There is a reverse trend in Māori business and coal as a whole, the complementarities of which are the main reasons for the company’s Māori rate stability.
In terms of costs during the period, management costs were higher, and the decrease in management costs in 2021 was mainly due to policy adjustments in corporate accounting, which factored in the production cost adjustments that were originally included in management costs, corresponding to a decline in the company ' s Māori ratio in 2021. The absolute amount of management costs was more flat after the adjustment was removed.
Figure 9: Māori improvement in coal operations since 2015
Coal production has increased steadily since the year when it was rich in coal resources and large in capacity, and has exceeded the production targets set at the beginning of the year, except in 2019, while sales have exceeded the target values since 2018, indicating greater stability in the company's production operations.
The large number of coal-mines that have benefited from the company has led to a smaller overall impact of changes in a single mine in a given year, compared with billions of tons, with 13.38 billion tons available, all of which are industry leaders and effectively guarantee the company ' s long-term operations, with the company ' s coal availability estimated for 41.2 years on the basis of the company ' s available reserves and output in 2023.
Domestic Energy signed the Agreement on Avoidance of Competing Competition, issued a Notice on 28 June 2014 on the Implementation of the Commitments to Avoid Competing Competition, signed a Supplementary Agreement on 1 March 2018 between the Company and the State Energy Group, which, within five years of integration, exercises preferential trading and selection rights and preferences at the firm ' s own discretion.
On April 28, 2023, the company signed a supplementary agreement with the State Energy Group on the avoidance of peer competition (ii), which extended the period for which preferential transactions and options and concessions were granted in order to acquire assets that were removed from the business until August 27, 2028. In April 2023, the company ' s announcement was launched in Inner Mongolia.
The geese mining group Ltd. (“The Great Goose Mining”) and the national energy group Hang Jin Energy Ltd. (“The Hang Jin Energy”) have acquired the same. The geese mining industry owns two coal-producing mines (the South Goose and the Zani open-air mines) tonne/year, with a commercial coal production of about 8.7 million tons in 2022, resulting in a net profit of $5.3441 million.
1 is in the construction of a coal mine (Tanangol coal mine) with an output capacity of 10 million tonnes/year, with 920 million tonnes at the end of 2022, and about 10 million tonnes of offshore coal sales from Hang Jin energy in 2022, with a net profit of 77,140,500 yuan.
With the approval of the National Development and Reform Commission, the area of the mine is about 681 square kilometres, with coal resources of about 12.3 billion tons (China standard): the mine area is divided into eight wellfields and one survey area, with eight well fields planning a total of 56 million tonnes/year. In February 2024, the company acquired the new street of the Temple of the New Street and the second well of the new street.
In August 2024, the company acquired prospecting rights on the third and fourth streets of the northern part of the Temple, as well as licences for exploration and exploration of coal resources. With the company ' s increased sales of coal and the need for insurance coverage, the company has increased since 2021.
Coal exploration expenditures and coal mine-related capital expenditures have contributed both to short-term capacity growth and to the injection into the assets of listed companies, as promised in the forward production capacity swap agreement, of assets that were planned for acquisition by listed companies announced in April 2023.
In 2016, four departments, including the IDB, issued a circular on the issuance of a memorandum of understanding to counter abnormal price fluctuations in the coal market, formally establishing a system of power-coal association using a base price plus a floating price mechanism, while setting green areas at $500-570 per tonne.
The circular on further improvement of the price formation mechanism for the coal market, which led to a significant increase in the benchmark price to 675 yuan/tonne, and the clarification of the reasonable medium- and long-term trading price of the coal (5,500k) in the port of Qin, led to a marked increase in the price of the agreement. On the other hand, the price volatility rate was significantly lower than the market price, favouring long-term growth.
The price of coal sold at the higher coal business ton is stable, and in 2023, the price of coal at the power end of the island fell by 24%, i.e. the market price, while the price fell by only 1% during the same period, while the company ' s share of coal sold at strict compliance with the benchmark + floating mechanism was high and the cost of the coal ton was clear. The domestic coal market price has fluctuated significantly since 2021, and is public.
In 2023, the company produced 79.5% of the coal annually, while the share in the domestic coal market was higher, and the share directly benefited from the increase in the price. In terms of cost, the company also had a significant advantage in its peers, with a steady ton of coal sales.
The cost of coal and the lower ton of coal costs form an important basis for the company’s coal operations to stabilize at a higher level of profitability. 2.3. Integrated operations enhance profit stability.
Following the completion of the transaction to form a joint venture with assets, which reduced the installed capacity from 61,849 megawatts to 31029 megawatts, the company increased the input of electricity, particularly coal-fired generators, with a total installed capacity of 43,164 megawatts by the end of 2023, accounting for 3.1 per cent of the installed capacity of the entire community.
In addition, the company ' s use of coal for its own generation increased gradually, from 15.3 per cent in 2020 to 22.9 per cent in 2023, further strengthening the company ' s profitability stability. In addition, the number of hours spent on electricity from fire continued to be higher than the national average and had increased since 2020, while the consumption of electricity and coal continued to decline since 2015 and was effectively protected.
Figure 25: Coal consumption by companies has continued to rise since 2019. Figure 26: Subtract trend in coal consumption by companies
With the exception of the two main business lines of coal and electricity, the company “airway” industry has also been growing steadily in recent years, with little change in unit prices (e.g., in the company's railway industry) and a steady cash flow feature that is an important support for the company's good cash flow.
Stabilizing the cash flow, while benefiting from the improved climate in the coal industry since the supply side reform, also fully serves the coal industry: on the other hand, the impact of swings on the price of flushing coal can be appropriately addressed.
Figure 28: The prices of company railway operations are stable3 and high dividends: an example of a coal industry that has responded to the policy
At the seminar on the evaluation process, the Deputy Director of the National Finance Committee, Huang Shuk, and the former stated that “the method of incorporating market value of listed companies into the evaluation of Chinese enterprises had been actively studied”, but that the market value management assessment of the company had not been made available, considering, inter alia, that the domestic stock market system had not yet been improved. In January 2024, the National Finance Committee announced that “further research had been undertaken to integrate market value management into the responsibility of central enterprises”.
In April 2024, the State Council issued its Opinions on Enhancing Supervision to Promote Quality Development in Capital Markets.
A clear emphasis is placed on “disclosing a bonus policy when listed”, “enhancement of cash-sharing regulations for listed companies”, “development of market value management guidelines for listed companies”, “promotion of investment values for listed companies.” An example of a coal firm responding to the policy.
As early as 2017, the company opened the path of a high-score bonus through a special bonus, issued in July 2017 a notice on the distribution of dividends for the end of 2016 and on the special dividends of the company, which found that the annual distribution of profits in cash in 2019-2021 was not less than what the company had achieved in that year.
On the other hand, on the basis of a higher level of profitability, the company’s monetary funds and undistributed profits are still at the forefront of the industry, demonstrating the company’s ability to maintain the value of its net profits relative to its net profits.
High score red. From a Roe perspective, with low corporate asset-liability ratios, an increase in the cash split would increase leverage and raise the level of the roe.
Until 2020, the company’s valuation was consistently lower than the coal carbon plate. China’s dynasty was large, with an integrated business model of “coal circuit port navigation”, and China’s dynasty was stronger than industry, with relatively stable performance.
From 2010 to 2020, China’s Godpe was consistently below the entire coal plate, with some years of elasticity and coal. In the second half of 2021, the logic of China’s god China’s low valuation turned backwards, November 2021.
Since August 13th, 2024, China’s Shenhua Pe (ttm) was 13.63 times, the average coal plate was 10.71 times, and China’s Shenhua profitable and sound & high-dimension red brought a valuation. Figure 32: China’s Shenhua Pe was consistently below the plate until 2020
Figure 33: Since 2022, China’s Shunhuape has gradually outpaced the plate, and the dividends rate has gradually become the anchor of the company’s future space. In the traditional cycle valuation system, coal is usually valued using a market rate of pe or a net market rate of pb as a valuation method, as the listed coal companies have gained from the supply side reform.
With the gradual improvement in profitability and the fact that a share market is more receptive to a market gain, the market ratepe valuation method is more widely applied, and the net rate is more complementary. However, the company’s long-standing, high and stable share, cost control of excellence, and a much higher and more sustainable share of dividends have increased significantly, adding to the system’s penetration rate.
Method I: Corporate dividends can be anchored at a five-year Ipr+ risk premium. Ten years of interest-free capital claims for dividends should cover at least their cost and should have a premium, so we believe that corporate risk spillovers have a reasonable interest rate anchor value of 4.35 per cent, and the current rate of dividends and anchors are reduced as the share price rises.
Figure 34: Ten-year rate of return on public debt is still in the downward trend Method II: Corporate interest rates can anchor “Gangjiang power dividends + risk premiums”.
The main cost of generating electricity is reflected in the depreciation of fixed assets generated by dams that stop electricity from being generated, as well as the depreciation of machinery and equipment used to produce electricity. The depreciation of equipment in Yangtze is appropriate for the accounting period, which is essentially consistent with the actual life of the equipment, while the most important blockage building is conservative at 40-60 years.
Each year, much less than the actual 100-year-old dam life, so the company’s electricity generation costs are low and stable in the form of annual depreciation. The outcome of the investment in the value of the Yangtze Power Company, which is actually low-cost and stable in return, is that the dam is relatively low-yielding to achieve a long-term stable revenue from the sale of electricity.
At the same time, the short-term performance of Yangtze power is closely related to changes in water availability, and companies are associated with coal prices but have less impact, so we think that the risk premium is 50-100bp more consistent, that the interest rate falls due to the upturn in the stock price, and that the current difference between the dividends and the anchor rate is the evolution of the stock price.
If the Yangtze share price continues to rise, the company’s reasonable rate of interest anchoring can be further reduced, thereby increasing capital gains. The April announcement of the Hangjin energy and geese mining acquisitions is expected to result in asset injections, a new street well, a second well, and follow-up.
Newly built capacity will be released gradually in the near future. The power business is still running at $7.75 billion by the end of 2023, and the net coal gain of $140 will contribute to the mother ' s net profit of about $2.9 billion (100% equity ratio); the incremental side of the power operation, assuming 4850 hours of electricity use, taking into account 94% of the production rate and the net profit of 0.04 yuan, is projected to generate electricity.
With regard to new production capacity, 56 million tonnes/year of planning for the new Taggart site in Inner Mongolia, a total of eight well fields and a reserve area have been planned. The company has now acquired a new street, a second well mining site.
With the construction of two mines of 8 million tonnes/year, we expect the construction of the two wells to begin by the end of 2024, the right to prospecting on the third and fourth wells of New Streets in the North District of the Temple and the relevant coal resource exploration and survey permits, and the expectation that the subsequent release of production will continue to increase as production increases and thus the rate of dividends will continue to rise.
The real share is expected to rise, and the contribution rate continues to rise. The company’s current asset-liability level is the lowest, cash flow is strong and stable, with the ability not only to generate sustainable dividends, but also to further raise them.
To increase the relevance of Roe, and the fact that the company has achieved more than 100% of the dividends and special dividends, we believe that the public share of the dividends corresponding to 100% of the dividends, when the company shares 100% of the dividends, in 2024, in sum, the growth of the company's business and the real share of the dividends will further increase the rate of the dividends.
If the value of the same interest rate is also anchored in the “five-year Ipr+ risk premium” or “the Yangtze power rate plus the risk premium”, then the interest rate falls as the share price rises, and the difference between the corresponding and the anchor rate evolves, leaving more room for equity capital gain.
The company, as the leader of the coal conglomerate, has a strong profit characterization in the HLC-based and integrated business model, and will continue to grow in performance, continue to outperform and still have the potential to increase its share further, and should enjoy a higher valuation premium. Given the overall decline in coal prices in the first half of 2024, the company’s electricity business is growing.
Coal prices are expected to fall faster than they are expected to be. Despite the fact that the COC has a relatively high share and owns electricity as a hedge, the expected fall in coal prices will continue to affect the company’s profitability levels.
The company’s coal sales revenue will be affected if there is a significant downward adjustment in the benchmark price of the Association or in the reasonable price range of the Association. The price of electricity is higher than expected. The company’s current share of the revenue is derived from the power business, and a significant reduction in the price of electricity will affect the significant decline in the number of hours it uses.
This will affect the company's revenue from electricity operations.