Pure plug-in double-drive, new-energy car autonomy, steady ahead. Biadi (002594.sz) New-energy car autonomy, pure plug-and-dip-double-drive, industrial chain integration configurations are improving.
The company’s Dynasty Ocean branding network, which covers both pure and intruded power. The company’s hybrid system, which changed over more than a decade, led to a dual-mode platform strategy in which the dm-i-mix system was efficient with self-research.
The three core technologies of motors, ehs, power blade batteries have been put in place to create excellent power performance and super-low fuel consumption, leading to a rapid rise in the Byadi hybrid city. The industrial chain is becoming better integrated, and the three power systems are expected to accelerate the supply. Given the price of raw materials and the impact of the epidemic, we have adjusted the 2022-2024 period.
We believe that the dm-i series will drive a rapid growth in corporate car sales and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The first year of marketing, the dm-i performed excellently, helped Biadi lead the new energy car market, benefited from Biadi's vertical integration system, and the dm-i supermix achieved power and control systems.
100% autonomously developed, with three major cores of high-efficiency engines, thehs mix system, and power blade batteries, leading the industry in the loss of electricity. The Biadidm-i series has grown rapidly since it was marketed in March 2021, leading to a 24% Bialdi plug-in market in 2020.
In March 2022, the number-one destroyer of the series of warships under the ocean network was 05, which opened up Biadi's “double-car strategy” and will help Biadi to further demarcate the market. The industrial chain is getting better.
Biadi is a whole company that has mastered car code igbt chips, car three power core technology, solar energy and storage solutions.
The share has steadily increased, with some products having been supplied, with the Great Wall Eura, the Golden Dragonbus, the East Wind Willow component, the four "firsts" of seals witnessing full product power, the model of the vehicle; the share of the company's power cell market standing at the forefront of the industry, and the blade battery upgrading space through structural innovation.
(b) Corporate Information Update - Cost-infused
The Biadi semiconductor core products include igbt, sic, mcu, etc., which are marketed separately, as is the trend towards a better car-class semiconductor, new technology leading the electric train development - body products have been introduced into the vehicle supply system of Kokang, Wootung, Fukuda, etc.
Corporate Information Updates - A Profiting Point Now, The Whole Cars, Battery Business to Rapid Release - Biadi: Steady, Makes Ahead for New Energy Motors
1.1. In the field of deep-farmed cars, in the last two decades, stopped fuel cars have shown a sense of transformational confidence. Biadi acquired Xian Qinchuan into the auto industry in 2003, and went to the deep end of the market in 2011, with dm in 2021, opening up the new energy track. In 2009, the first pure electric car type e6 was listed, and in 2011 the company was in the deep end of the road.
In 2021, the Dm-i and dm-p dual platform strategy was launched, and in March 2022 the production of fuel trucks was announced to be discontinued.The company currently operates mainly in secondary charge batteries and photovoltaics, cellular cellular components and assembly operations, and automobiles, while actively expanding urban orbital transport operations and working on integrated ecological chains.
In business, Biadei has built a system of mixed and pure electricity products. In 2021, the company released dm-i products, Qinpus, Songpus, Tangpus, and the new energy-driven car sales rose dramatically, and the rate of electricization reached an all-time high. In 2021, the company sold more than 590,000 new domestic energy vehicles.
The number of new energy cars rose by 28.03 per cent in the same year, rising to 17.03 per cent, ranking first among the autonomous brands. Figure 2: Byadi ' s rate of electric motorization in 2021 exceeded 80 per cent. Figure 3: The company ' s share of new energy vehicles in May 2022 was 28.4 per cent.
1.2. Business income growth is robust, and the efficiency gains are starting to show a slight decline in the annual share of automobile operations, with mobile phone parts and assembly operations rising to 40.00%. Secondary charger batteries Business collection is stable at 7 to 9%.
The Māori rate of the company ' s automobile business has steadily increased, with the Māori rate of the company ' s automobile business falling to 17.4 per cent in 2021, as a result of the increase in the price of raw materials; the secondary charger battery business: influenced by the rise in the price of lithium carbonate, the company ' s second charger battery in 2021. Māori rate has declined: mobile phone parts and assembly operations: readjusted by the weather of Biadi ' s electronic downstream and customer restructuring.
For example, the Māori rate fell to 7.8 per cent in 2021. Figure 6: Higher receipts for auto and mobile parts and assembly operations. Figure 7: Maintenance of relatively high Māori rates for automobile operations.
Long-term R & D inputs from companies, with a steady decline in the three-fee rate. Companies focus on R & D of products and technologies, and R & D continues to move forward, with R & D inputs from 2015 to 2021 amounting to 19.36%. Corporate cost levels have steadily declined, and fees three times. Figure 9: Corporate cost levels have steadily declined.
2. The Dynasty's two-line dual-wheel drive in parallel with the Ocean Ocean, 2.1, brand network: the Dynasty Ocean Network, launched in parallel, with a strong positioning style, and the corporate product matrix is divided into two main networks, Oceannet and Dynasty Network.
Electronic car type. Covers cars, suv and mpv. There are 19 new energy cars on the Dynasty Network.
Seals are already being sold. The first destroyer in the warship series 05 officially appeared at the Guangzhou Car Fair in November 2021 and started to be marketed in April 2022.
Qin: Qin (Qin, Qinplusdm-i, Qinprodm), ev (Qin, Qinpus, Qinpro), Han: phv (Han, handm-i), ev (Han) Don: phv (Don, Tangdm, Tangdm-i), ev (Don)
Song: phv (Song, Songprodm, Songmaxdm, Songplusdm-i), ev (Song, Songpro, Songplus, Songmax) Won: ev (Song, Songpro, Sunpus, Yuan Pro) Marine Life Series (ev): Dolphins, seals (not listed: gulls, sea lions)
Warship series (phv): Frigate 05 (not listed: destroyer 07, cruiser, landing ship) is well-positioned, dynasty network is strong, ocean network is dynamic, sharp, and technologically sensitive. The dynasty network is center- and high-end commercial location, and Biadi is currently selling vehicles mainly in the dynasty network, including Qin, Song, Han, Tang, Won.
The ocean network is an integrated distribution network with a new and more visible energy attribute and a younger product location, and "sea aesthetics" will be the exclusive design of the ocean network.
2.2.e Platform 3.0, launched with a view to building a high-performance, intelligent and pure power platform. In April 2021, Biadi officially launched platform 3.0, dedicated to the next generation of high-performance smart electric vehicles, with four advantages: intelligent, efficient, safe, aesthetic.
Smart: platform 3.0 has four domain controllers under a new electronic and electrical structure and a self-developed automating system bydos, enabling software and hardware to decouple and can be expanded, upgraded and fully open. Based on this electronic and electrical structure and bydos, electric cars will achieve a stronger autopilot capability, while new functions are selected
The intergenerational speed is reduced from two months to two weeks and the functional cycle is reduced by more than 70 per cent. Efficient: platform 3.0 key modules are smaller, lighter, more robust and less energy-consuming, brand new heat pump technology, power-driven systems are upgraded to 8-to-1 modules, combined efficiency is increased from 86 per cent to 89 per cent, and labeling
Wide-temperature area heat pumps. On platform e-3.0, a zero-percent acceleration can reach 2.9s, with a maximum break of 1,000 km in the combined range. 100 km of electricity consumption is 10% lower than in the same class and at least 10% higher in the winter range. Security: platform e3.0 will be fully equipped with blade battery technology and integrated into the body of the vehicle as a building block.
Designed to double the size of the body reversal. e Platform 3.0 will be based on all five-star collisions in aesthetic terms: e Platform 3.0 is shorter in size, longer in axle, lower in gravity, more in space, and the number of wind inhibitors (cd) can be as low as 0.21.
Dolphins are the first type of cars in the Biadi Ocean Department and the first type of cars built on the Biadee 3.0 platform. By contrast, dolphins are the “new species of pure electricity” created by Biadi for young users of the new era.
In the power system, the Biadi dolphin uses lithium phosphate blade batteries. Depending on the type of car, the dolphins have nedc minutes. The dolphins use a single-electric program, and the insulation-synchronous machine provides power for the front wheels.
Seconds. The engine output of the remaining two models is slightly lower, with a maximum power of 70kw (95 horsepower) and a maximum torque of 180nm, 0-50km/h acceleration of 3.9 seconds. And dolphins are equipped with the world's latest generation of IAC systems (ipb), which combines abs, ebd,
tcs and so on, provide users with a full range of active security protection. Iipb can create maximum brake pressure within 150 milliseconds, with optimal brake effects. Listing is a blast, dolphins win 100,000-grade pure electricity market champions for two months in a row. Sea 13 August 2021
Dolphins started to sell in advance and were on the market at the end of the month, and in December of the same year, dolphins sold more than 10,000 single-month sales. In January and February 2022, dolphins, with excellent sales, outpaced the main competitive models of cat, cat, whirlv, and Sine 10x, won the 100,000-grade pure electricity market in the country for two months.
2.3. Ten years of grinding, dm-i help Biadi leads the new energy car market 2.3.1 and Biadidm systems, which have been upgraded for four generations, now form a two-platform strategy of dm-i and dm-p mixed power systems consisting mainly of components such as motors, electric machines and power couplings.
The combination may include different electrical units (e.g. single, double), different power positions (e.g. p0-p4) and different types of power coupling devices (e.g. planetary platoons, bins, etc.) and therefore have different characteristics. The mix structure is generally divided into pos, p1, p2, p3 and p4 depending on the location of the generator.
Po: Also known as the bsg generator, installed at the front end of the engine, connected to the engine through a belt, with a low power level, unable to independently drive the vehicle, usually generating power as a generator and forcing the switch during the breakout.
p1: Also known as the isg generator, installed at the back end of the engine, connected to the rigidity of the engine (integrated on the wheel or combined with the wheels of the wheel). Generally replacing the motive and as a generator, the power is greater. p2: between the transmission box input axis and the clutch, some of them between the engine and the transmission box input axis.
Placing a second clutch to break the connection between the generator and the transformer. Power power can be greater, and the vehicle can be driven directly by the transformer. P3: After the changer box, it is usually connected directly to the converter's output axis or the main deceleration, and power is higher than power.
Large, with direct power to drive a vehicle. p4: located on the back bridge, power is high, power to drive a vehicle, and in conjunction with a forward vehicle, power to drive a four-wheel drive.
In the current global hybrid system configurations, the major mainframe plants are involved in the p1+p2.5/p3 dual power mix programme, such as Honda, Mitsubishi, Biadei, Wall, Upper and Wide.
Biadi’s hybrid system has evolved over a decade, culminating in a double-model (dm) technology two-platform strategy. Biadi began to develop plug-in hybrid systems as early as 2003 and launched the first generation of dm technology in 2008.
The first generation of dm technologies was designed to be fully energy-efficient and technologically oriented, with a 1.0-litre self-absorbed three-cylinder engine combined with a two-power and single-speed deceleration device, with pure electricity, increment, mixing (including direct drive), and three drivers. The result was a full 100-km electric power consumption of 16 kwh, combined with 2.7l/100km.
The second generation of dm technologies was released in 2013 and was placed on Qin 2014 at the end of 2013. Dmii powered up to 110kw, using the 1.5-t cylinder (maximum power of 113kw) and the 6-speed dry double ion-transformation tank, which achieved a 100-km acceleration of 5.9 seconds, both within and outside the sea.
The third generation of dm technologies was released in 2018, starting with the new generation of Don, which was listed in 2018. The biggest feature of dmii compared to dmii was the addition of the po-positioned bsg power plant, with a maximum power of 25kw, the main effect of which was the rapid adjustment of the engine speed during the change of gear.
In June 2020, Biadei released the two-platform (dm) technology strategy, the dm-p platform and the dm-i platform. The p of the dm-p platform, the powerful, is a continuation of the dynamic momentum of the dmiii generation.
Quick enough to meet the users of the "dm-i's quest for better driving pleasure". dm-i, i'intelligent, is a legacy of dmi ingenuity, energy efficiency, efficiency, and meets the "extreme driving energy consumption" of cars. Figure 18: Biadi's technology mixer route changes over more than a decade, resulting in a dm-i+dm-p technology dual platform strategy
2.3.2 The three core technologies produce dm-i super-low fuel consumption thanks to Biadi ' s vertical integration system, and the dm-i super-mixing structure achieves 100% autonomous R & D of power systems and control systems. The Dm-i core of R & D is a power-based mix of technologies aimed at efficiency.
Adi developed 43.04% plug-in power-efficient engines, a mix of ehs, including high-efficiency electric motors and high-efficiency electrical controls, and a dm-i-specific power blade battery. The dm-i series uses mainly cloud-plug-up 1.5l-efficient engines and works to improve the heat efficiency of the state of work.
Rates, reduced engines by high compression, Atkinson loops, cooling egr, fraction cooling, etc., thus enabling the engine to achieve 43.04% of the world ' s leading heat efficiency. The dm-i supermixed core system, the ehs mix, is a two-power structure that connects structures to power.
Two ultra-high-speed generators in the ehs system are designed in parallel, with direct generators running through the clutches.
The engine is connected directly to the deceleration gear. The engine is connected directly to the deceleration gear. The single-speed deceleration structure improves transmission efficiency, the wet clutch ensures the life and stability of the clutch, and can transmit higher torque at an accelerated rate, further improving the system to reduce energy losses.
The two-power controllers of the ehs system are highly integrated, and the three-phase copper-link technology reduces the energy losses associated with the connection line cable. At the same time, the combined efficiency of power control, using the Biadi fourth generation igbt technology, is as high as 98.5 per cent, and makes the power-efficient area as high as 93 per cent, reducing the power-control loss and efficiency gains.
The latest flat-line-forming bypassing technology in Biadi resulted in a maximum power efficiency of 97.5 per cent, an increase of 32 per cent in the rated power of electric power through technological excellence, an increase of 90.3 per cent in the efficiency range, a mass power density of 5.8kw/kg, and an increase in the power density to 44.3kw/l.
(b) Figure 20: The ehs mix system with excellent dm-i power parameters, with flexibility to switch working conditions depending on road conditions and speed: (1).ev model: applied to sufficient power, vehicle motors are not working;
(ii) Combining models: also known as incremental models, which allow higher fuel efficiency and pure power to drive; (3). Combining models: often used for overloading, motors and motors jointly drive to achieve better acceleration performance; (4). High-speed cruise modes: frequently used for high-speed driving, under which engines are already in a very efficient state of work.
The engine, therefore, drives the vehicle directly through an efficient single-stage transformer, and the vehicle is not power-driven.Figure 21: The mix system is flexible in changing the condition according to road conditions and speed, and is divided into the following four main models, based on the Biadi test, and thanks to high power-generating power and high-powered blades in urban conditions in times of electricity loss.
Battery, the dm-i system requires only 18% of the combined working conditions to keep the engine in a high-efficiency zone, which can charge the battery while maintaining the power-driven vehicle. These can provide 81% of the pure power in urban conditions, significantly reducing fuel consumption.
The engine works only in the most efficient areas, with the driver feeling as close as possible to pure electricity, with the most significant reduction in fuel consumption. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, Qin is holding a number of core technologies, including Qinplusdm-i, Songplusdm-i, Tangdm-i.
The lowest charge-state oil consumption (deficit fuel consumption) was 3.8, 4.4, 4.3l/100km, and was a leader in the industry. The Bialadidm-i series has seen a rapid increase in end sales since it was marketed in March 2021.
Monthly sales went up by 10,000, leading the dm-i series. During 2021, sales to Qinplusdm-i, Songplus dm-i, Dondm-i and 2-4 of the domestic blending pattern were increased rapidly, with dm-i helping out more rapidly than Aadi.
In 2021, the country’s new energy car market remained high, with a relatively high share in the new energy car market, as Tesla, Peng, Amer, etc., focused more on pure electricity routes. According to the Sino-American Association, the share of the bev in the new energy car market in 2021q1 was 83.4% and the share of the phev was 16.6%.
Dm-i came to the market in March 2021 and then started delivery, which led to a rapid increase in Biadi's share in the market in Phev, from 19.7 per cent in March 2021 to 54.3 per cent in December, while the market share of Pheev in the domestic market for new energy vehicles rose steadily after the Dm-i market, from 2021o1
16.6 per cent rose to 19.7 per cent of 2021q4 in figure 26: The city of Biadet has steadily increased in the domestic market. In 2020, the country's market of pheasant deer and in 2021 dm-i succour Biadi occupied half of the wall.
In 2020, the competitive pattern of the mixed domestic market was relatively balanced, with Biadi taking the lead with a high performance advantage of the dm series, ideal, upper mass, BMW, two to five in the car seat, with no significant difference in its share; in 2021, Biadi increased its market share to 48.2 per cent with the Dm-i series.
Half of the market, the dm-i series has changed the domestic market pattern for phev to a certain extent. 2.3.3 The first destroyer of the warship series is on the market.05 The Biadi's “double-car strategy” was again attempted as a “sister” of Qinplusdm-i, and the destroyer 05 was on the market in March 2022.
In the early years, a “twin-car strategy” was introduced: the f3 under the flag was changed slightly, with a slightly different configuration of g3, but the market eventually did not respond as expected for reasons such as market positioning. The destroyer 05 was the first vehicle in the Biadi warship series, with the Qinplusdm-i being the “sister” model, and the Biadi's “twin-car strategy” was tried again.
In terms of prices, the cost of the destroyer 05 subsidy is $11,98-15,580, which is close to $0.08-10 million more than Qin Plusm-i. In terms of body size, the destroyer 05 is 4780/1837/1495 mm wide and the axle range is 2718 mm, except for 15 mm longer in length than Qin plus Qin Plusm-i.
On the power side, the destroyer 05 uses a 1.5l engine with a high engine power of 81kw, a peak torque 135n m, and the power-motivating parameters remain unchanged, with total power output and battery capacity consistent with Qinplusdm-i. On the fuel consumption side, the destroyer 05 consumes 3.8l per cent of its kilometre of lost electricity, consistent with Qinplusdm-i.
In the interior, unlike the steady winds of Qinplusdm-i, the destroyer 05 will be paired with color, using white soft material with orange threads on the head of the seat, pillows, backs and mattresses, and the side and thigh edges with black fabrics, trying to attract younger consumers.
On the security configuration, both the noble version of the destroyer 05 and the flagship model are equipped with the dipilot intelligent assistive driving system, with more options than Qinplusdm-i, the destroyer 05, and a richer security configuration such as the csc bend speed control system.
It will help Biadi to further expand the pool of young people who need to buy cars.3 The industrial chain is becoming more sophisticated, the three power sectors are accelerating the externalization of the second growth curve 3.1, and five Ferdys are being set up to cover the multiplicity of industrial chains.
Biadi is an entire company that also masters car code igbt chips, three power technologies, solar energy, and storage solutions. In March 2020, Biadi set up five subsidiaries of Freddy Battery, Freddy Visuals, Ferdi Technologies, Ferdi Power, Fodi Models, which have now achieved power cells, car code semiconductors, power-drive systems, electric vehicles.
Freddy's power is one of the most important subsidiaries of the Biadeverdian system, dedicated to the development of overall solutions for motor power generation and new energy vehicles, the main business being the development and production of motor power.
In addition to high-efficiency motors, the ehs mix, which includes power drivers, electrical controllers, is built by Ferdy. In the area of new energy vehicles, Biadi drives power, electrical controllers, and triads are self-sufficient, and the advantages of industrial chain integration are highlighted.
dm-i contributes to a steady increase in the share of the power-driven electric power plant and some of the products are off-loaded. According to Ne-age figures, the share of the power-driven electric power plant rose rapidly, from 10.2% in March 2021 to 17.93% in the whole year 2021, and to 23.56% in the first quarter of 2022, keeping it at the top of the industry.
The power-driven power system has been developed to the fourth generation, and the power controller is based on the sic module. The power controller is the power-to-power control component of the new energy vehicle, and the power-control module is the power-to-power-to-mechanical component.
The core power converter in the controller. According to the Ferdi power test, sic can increase the low load rate in the system, increasing the mileage of the entire vehicle by 5-10%. The sic module used by the Fordi power is self-researched by the Biadi semiconductor. The sic module is positive by the copper jacket interconnection process, reducing parasitic senses, and increasing the flow capacity of the chip. The final sic module
The system was first introduced by Biadehanev, which achieved 3.9 seconds of a 100-km acceleration. Figure 34: National market for new energy motor controllers in the first quarter of 2022
Figure 33: The domestic market for new energy motor controllers in 2021: Freddy Power 3.2. Blade battery acceleration vehicle. Market share secureed at the top of industry. Bialdi officially launched Blade Battery in March 2020. Bialdi Blade battery innovatively designed: will
Single-body batteries are typed in arrays, inserted into battery bags like “blades,” skip models and beams in formations, reduce redundant parts, form structures similar to cellular aluminum panels, etc. Through structural innovation, the size of blade cells has increased by more than 50% compared to the traditional modular battery bags and has reached about 60%.
Knife cells are safe and can be tested with a needle puncture. According to the Bialdi Blade battery launch, the test shows needles with no visible fire, no smoke, and a surface temperature of only 30-60°C. Compared to the traditional lithium phosphate battery, the emission multiplier of the Blade battery has increased significantly, with a life cycle exceeding 4,500 times and a lifetime of 8 years and 1.2 million km at a cost.
30% savings and 50% increase in battery size over energy density. Figure 36: Blade cells are safe, can be tested with needles, Blade cells can be used to speed up the loading of cars, external supply routes are opened. Biadi announced a pure electric vehicle model under the flag in April 2021.
By March 2022, Biadi's pure electric model had been fully replaced with a blade battery. In addition to its own supply, Biadi is opening up for business through the Ferdi battery. The supply of blade batteries to car companies such as a red flag, a long one, a gincon, a north one, and so forth has been initiated.
According to China’s Automotive Battery Industry Innovation Alliance, with the accelerated loading of blade batteries, Biadi’s Power Batteries has steadily increased their market share from 2021 to the end of the year.
16.2% was raised to 19.2% in the first quarter of 2022. 3.3 The Car Code semiconductor is self-supplied and the market is about to be separated from the Biadi semiconductor. Biadi Semiconductor Limited is an independent son-in-law under the Biadi flag.
In June 2021, the application of the Biadi semiconductor ' s business board ipo was officially accepted and will be placed on the market at the deep end of the business board, with a proposed fund of approximately 2,686 million yuan, mainly for three projects such as the construction of a semiconductor.
Car regulation gbt, mcu is self-supplied. The Biadi semiconductor is well configured in the fields of power semiconductor, smart control, ic, smart sensor, photovoltaic semiconductor, with sustained R & D inputs, experienced R & D teams, and years of technology accumulation and application practices, forming a rich product line. In the automotive sector, the firm relies on it.
Deep accumulation of vehicle-class semiconductor R & D applications where the company has produced products such as igbt, sic devices, ipm, mcu, cos image sensors, electromagnetic sensors, led light sources and displays, applied to the electric power-driven control system of cars, whole-car heat management systems, body control systems, battery management systems, vehicle image systems, lighting systems, etc.
The Biadi semiconductor product, in addition to its supply to the Biadi Group, has entered the system for the supply of cars such as Kokang, Utong and Fukuda.
Biadi is the autonomous leader of our new energy vehicle, with 74 million vehicles sold in 2021, of which 584,000 were sold, with an electric rate of over 80 per cent, with 19.5 per cent in the city of new energy vehicles, and in position (1). Pure electric vehicles: Biadi's pure electricity series is divided mainly into dynasty and marine biology series.
A complete array of pure trams and a steady increase in sales in Qinplusev; the first global model in the Biadi Maritime Strategy was built by Yuanplusev on platform 3.0 at the beginning of 2022: Henev completed a change in the 2022O2, the product was upgraded to a certain degree, and 2022 Donev will be on the market, both of which will continue to contribute to Biadi.
For four months in a row, the Marine Life Series has won the country's 100,000-grade pure electricity market champions, with seals, sea lions, seagulls, etc. ready for launch. (2). Intruding hybrid vehicles: the Biadei series is divided mainly into the Dynasty and Warship series.
In the series of ships, the destroyer 05 is the "sister" type of Qin plusdm-i.
Via Via Via Via de Via de Via, where the dm-i model of cruise ships, landing ships, etc. will be followed up by a better car, not 64.0/34.6/28.4 times more, considering that Biadi is the leader of the country's new energy vehicle, where the new energy car market is dominated by a leading industry, where the rate of electric motorization is significantly higher than that of other competitors, and where pure electricity and hybrid sales are expected to be realized.
In addition to high growth, coupled with a well-developed industrial chain, an accelerated outlet to the three-power system, we believe that companies should have a higher valuation premium and maintain a “buy-in” rating than comparable companies. New-energy car sales fall short of expectations, prices of raw materials rise significantly, chip shortages, etc.