Ten years of technology, a lot of business, 1 1st of May 2022, Nguyen Xiaoyan.
Research Assistant Yang Wai-ging  Technology R & D continuous input + high vertical integration of the supply chain is a high barrier. 1) Technology R & D: Power, kinetic dimension, Biadi achieves core three power systems, including Blade & 8 power drive control
(ii) Supply chain management: upper area Biadi integrates lithium raw materials from batteries and igbt functions
Rates, semiconductors, etc.; middle- and middle-stream areas fully self-produced the core zero parts of the car plate with the five major Ferdys subsidiary; downstream areas maximized scale & synergies in areas such as manufacturing processes outside cars and battery asset advantages, PV storage/electronic/trafficking.
Product definition & organizational structure & channel dimensions are changing rapidly. 1) Product definition is focused on thinking, and products under the flag are gradually being sorted down. The Dynasty and the Ocean are two series of 300,000 dollars for the market, promoting full technology coverage with dm-i and e3.0 at its core, and investing in technology branding.
Image: In addition, over $300,000 to $500,000 for high-end and 500,000 for high-end brands, leading by high-end brands in the new energy sector. 2) Organizational structure, streamlining of the Department of Enterprise, and enhanced marketing/technology.
Talents focus on expanding the team; independent dynasty/marine marketing network and brand public relations and after-sales services, among others, and are directly responsible to the King. 3) Channel dimensions: logo rejuvenation + open association + personality co-creation, Biadi capture of brand technology labels, gradually moving towards meeting the spiritual needs of users
(i) The current pattern of blast vehicles is mainly represented by products such as the dm-i series and the Han/Dolphin series, with the product dm-i based on the product.
In 2022-2023, the Biadi dynasty/Maritime brands of new vehicles were launched with intensive coverage.
Different sections, such as phev/ev, are published and published, and new high-end brands are available for 300,000 to 1 million dollars. Technology is a core innovation connection, new cars are launched in numbers and quality leading, and cycles are strong.
Together with the strong advantages of barriers, technology is expected to keep the product cycle strong. We expect the company Biadi (002594); one quarter of 2022 should have a higher valuation for Biadi and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Report forewords: Performance supermarket expectations, energy automobile development below expectations. Biadi: Technology & supply chain formations are high barriers and higher certainty.
In our view, the transformation of the automobile industry over the course of the century is not just a product and technology subversion, but a whole new way of managing the organization, but it is not easy for a successful car to break through, often testing the resilience of a company to large winds and waves and its resilience to the currents. According to our latest thinking, we analyse a whole company.
Vi framework: starting with changes in the organizational management structure at the bottom, analysing changes in the four dimensions of technology R & D-product definition-supply chain management-channel marketing by companies, which ultimately lie at the company ' s ability to export the model of a bomb car, and objectively quantifying the sales performance of the current company ' s product cycle.
A deeper moat of mature technology R & D and a highly integrated supply chain, coupled with rapid changes in the corporate structure & product definition & channel management, with greater certainty about the continued high growth in overall product sales over the next few years, with a more fundamental face sheet 1.1. Historical remix: technology-based, with automobile operations at its core
Biyadi development can be divided into five main stages: 1) 1995-2003: successful listing in Hong Kong with consumer batteries in the international giant Motorola and Nokia supply chains; 2) 2003-2010: acquisition of medium-latitude electric power drive R & D in Ningbo, new energy-wide chain, first sedan F3 when marketed
Price advantage sales are growing rapidly: 3) 2010~2019: The price of the joint car company product in the car market surges, missing domestic dividends in the suv industry, autonomous branding into the platform period, while also confirming new energy development routes; 4) 2019–2021: “Citfish” Tesla introduced the Chinese market, Byadi seized the market changes and launched a third-generation battery system with blades.
Ji, reborn with the first-riding "Han" aid brand: 5) 2021 to date: Full switching of new energy sources, launch of the fourth generation hybrid system dm-i/dm-p, and a new pure power platform e platform 3.0, mixed/pure double power.
1.2. Resuming the volume of sales by vehicle: A new energy development orientation was set in motion in 2020, with a new cycle beginning in 2020, with a continuous upward trend in the Bialdi acquisition of the Qincheon Agency ' s car manufacturing area in 2003, with a sustained improvement in the internal structure. Specifically, the driving force of the increase in sales in 2003-2020 was shifted from volume-driven to structure-driven, with a new energy share.
In April 2022, a full-scale shift in new energy was introduced, with a significant increase in total sales at the same time as the new vehicle series and the new hybrid platform. Phase I: 2003-2006, sales were below 100,000. After the acquisition of Xian Qinkawa, Biadi copied the late.
Full power to quickly replace Fulair as the main vehicle for Bialdi sales. 2) Phase II: 100,000 to 500,000 vehicles in 2007-2010. Bialdif3 continued in 2007 with a formal breakthrough of 100,000 gates; followed by public car F0/f6, three products in 2009
The volume of sales rose by 160 per cent, with a breakthrough of 500,000 vehicles in 2010. 3) Phase III: from 2010 to 2020, sales stabilized at 400,000 to 500,000, the letters series gradually switched to the dynasty, the fuel trucks gradually switched to new energy sources, and the overall structure optimized.
After the sales peaked, they began to decline. By 2013, Biadi launched the first-ever Qin of the Dynasty series; by 2015, the Dynasty series Song/Don; by 2016, under the suv industry bonus, the Dynasty series increased 241% by the same amount, thanks to two suvs of Song and NSW dollars; and by 2017, the Dynasty series and the Alpha series sales were almost equal.
Stimulating by the new energy subsidy, Biadi has continuously rolled out the Dynasty series of vehicles like Won/Don/Songplus/Qin/Qinpro and v/phev, and based on the new mpv Songmax in Song, the Dynasty series has gone beyond the Alphabet series for the first time and has officially become the Biadi core brand, with a continuous decline in the number of letters series sales.
4) Phase IV: 2020 - to date, full-scale energy switching, ev/phev two-way energy, dm-i/sea vehicle continued to be marketed with a rising sales volume. Biadi based on two main networks, the Dynamite plus the Sea, the distribution network and the model system are gradually becoming clearer, the original e-series of pure electricity and fuel truck products are being sold down, and the product matrix is being made smaller.
The Dynasty Network consists mainly of pure electricity such as the original won/Qin/Song/Hang/Tang, as well as dm-i models (excluding Songpus), and continued hot sales of the Qinpus/Songpus/Tang 3 dm-i models; the Ocean Network consists mainly of marine biological series/warship series and old e-series products, full-scale pure electricity such as dolphins/sea seals on the market, and new energy sources such as Jadi.
1.3. Financial review: With automobile operations at its core, electronic business growth is stable. In terms of the business area, the growth of mobile phone assembly operations is steady, and the core increase in the contribution of automobile operations is sustained. The areas of storage and energy, as well as the trajectories, are the direction of the company ' s long-term business layout.
The core growth in vehicle operations is the largest in the long term. By 2008-2020, Biadei as a whole was a traditional business in Biadi, with an average of 14.44% of cagr in 2008-2020, maintaining a basic steady growth rate of slightly less than the overall increase; and the core increase in vehicle operations, with the use of vehicles as Biadi ' s fist products and the collection of automobile operations.
From $8.9 billion in 2008 to $84 billion in 2020, the annual average capr was 20.56 per cent higher than the overall increase, contributing to the main increase; secondary chargers and photovoltaic operations as a whole continued to grow slowly. In percentage terms, the share of automobile operations and secondary charge batteries decreased from 23 to 8 per cent.
For Māori, Biadi benefits from a high degree of vertical integration in the upstream and downstream supply chains, which has remained largely stable at over 20 per cent since 2014, reaching a higher level of 25 per cent in 2020; mobile phone parts and assembly operations are relatively low, relatively stable overall, and insured after entering stock competitive markets in 2015
9% - 11%; Māori rate for secondary battery charger operations is generally stable at 20% +. For net interest rates, net interest rate in 2016. 2. Organizational change: re-engineer institutional dynamism, strengthening talent acquisition 46%. The top five individual shareholders account for 30% of the total, of which Wang is the largest individual shareholder with 17.64%.
Figure 8: Biadi equity structure [as of 22 April 2022] 2.1. Reorganization of the enterprise cluster, with the four major clusters of auto/electronic/trading/new energy focusing on different business directions Reprogramming of the enterprise cluster/business department, by area of operation, with a breakdown of the functional sub-sets
Industry. Biadi currently has several major clusters of yiji2 other operations under its four main lines of automobile/trading/electronic/new energy, covering related areas such as Biadi ' s automobile/orbital transport/electronic processing and new energy secondary batteries, which are broken down into major subjects such as the Research Department and the Sales Department.
The importance of the car business continues to grow, with the marketing/sales sector becoming more important, with the new four major departments of maritime net sales, dynasty net sales, brands and public relations, after-sales services (under the Automobile Business Group), directly directed to the chairman of the board of directors.
Discrete supply chains, introduce market-based competition for dynamism Split core supply chains, establish independent companies with specific responsibility for them. Spliting supply chain sectors, such as network distribution channels, trielectric systems and car-light bodies, auto finance, etc., establish independent subsidiaries and introduce competition through market-based management
Competing. As in the old auto parts and components supply chain, the different departments of the industry separate from the Ferdys subsidiary, including the Ferdy Dynamics, the Ferdi Battery, the Ferdi Engineers, the Ferdi Technologies, the Ferdi Visuals, etc. 2.3. Implement an equity/equity incentive to enhance the attractiveness of core talent
In terms of personnel structure: since 2017, Biadi has seen an increasing number of employees, a breakdown of the structure, a decrease in the share of administrative/financial staff, a marked increase in the share of sales/research and development personnel, a constant shift in corporate resources towards the two dimensions of marketing through channels and technology.
In terms of equity incentives, the 2022 new employee holding program has further strengthened cohesion and retention of core talent. The company has implemented the employee holding program as far back as 2015-2018, and the 2020 Biadi semiconductor has introduced equity incentives to reach core senior management teams.
A total of 14 or 7 per cent of supervisors and senior managers; middle-level managers, technology/operation/marketing/composite, etc. 3. Technology development: enhanced hardware barriers to electric intelligence, completed software shortboard 3.1. Electricization: self-research, mix technology lead
3.1.1. Battery: Blade cells with high safety + long life + low cost, with clear advantages Power cells can be divided into two types of energy & power. 1) Energy type: large battery capacity + low discharge rate. Overuse in pure electric vehicle type, e.g., 2022 Hanev battery capacity of 85.4 kwh, maximum range 715 km; 2) power type:
The difference between the two is that the power multiplier, i.e., the charge current/quant tolerance, can be divided into a low multiplier (7.0c). The greater the charge rate, the faster the charge, the higher the power lithium battery can normally reach 15c, and the energy type does not normally exceed 2c.
The demand for electric multipliers is ultimately embedded in the core material: the power-type electrodes, because of their high current density, ensure stability in the structure, the activity layer is thicker, the energy density is lower, and the costs are higher. Compared to the development of the Yadi power cell technology three times. 1) The first generation of batteries is better equipped than the Aadi dynasty Qin/Sang et al.:
Cell assembly using a composite module with a core capacity upgraded from 100ah to 135ah; 2) second-generation battery set-up e series of vehicles: specialized flattening & single-layer module features, thus modularizing the battery system to cover multiple models; 3) third-generation battery (blade cell) with a 2020 "Han" first, extending to other products: structural levelling
+ High spatial utilization, using the high safety of the phosphate lithium cell itself, its long life (4,500 cycles, three times that of a three-dollar battery), its low-cost advantage, combined with innovative structural design (ctp technology directly integrated to a battery bag, saving a battery module), thereby increasing energy density and mileage and increasing battery strength.
Figure 13: Biadi Battery technology iterative and available battery technology analytical performance level with blade batteries using lithium phosphate, easy access to needle puncture experiments, safety ahead, and continuation leading. High safety + long-duration properties address user needs pains. Knifes are raised by ctp stacks.
The build-up utilization rate has been increased, with an energy density of 140 ~ 150 wh/kg; the maximum pure electrical renewal of the current blade-cell type is 715 km of Hanev, which has reached the level of the three-dollar lithium-cell type. Since 2020, the blade-cell should gradually be used for all products under the Biadi dynasty series and the ocean series.
At the technical level of battery management, the Biadi self-research bms system ensures high safety and heat management technology guarantees long-duration. 1) The new battery management system ensures high use of blade batteries. bms-active storage systems are part of the company ' s brand-new third generation battery management programme with autonomous intellectual property rights to ensure that batteries can continue to operate through effective control of battery currents.
Use of more than 99.9 per cent increased system safety and reduced costs. 2) Thermal management technologies address low-temperature retrenchment. Wide-temperature area high-efficiency heat pump systems + power cell direct-cooling technology, which refers to active heat using total electric power, recovery of crew cabins, power cells, residuals of power, auxiliary heat sources for heat pumps, reduction of heat consumption, -30 ~
60°C wide-area work temperature with a maximum 20% renewal in winter, while normal heat pump air conditioners can only operate at -10°C and above. The technology is now on board to Hanev, platform 3.0 dolphins, and metaplus. Pulse self-heating technology is used to divide battery bags into two, discharge each other, heat themselves through pulse technology, and is expected to be carried to the sea to be marketed.
At the end of production capacity supply level, Biadi continuously expands its power cell base, rapidly climbs its capacity, and introduces external customers into long-term space. The company has established production bases in several locations, such as Shenzhen/Xian/Qinghai/ Chongqing/ Changsha/Quyang.
At least 80 gwh, with an additional 225 gwh in 2023, the cumulative capacity will reach 440 gwh. Large-scale increases in capacity are expected to bring about further reductions in production costs. Freddy's power cell has entered the external global vehicle supply chain, and the external client is currently mainly a red flag, a passenger bus, a transhipment car, a Toyota car, a Ford car.
At the level of market demand, the capacity has been expanded, the amount of Biadi power cell loads has increased in tandem with industry and industry, and the ratio of lithium phosphate types to passenger aircraft has increased.
Up to 4gwh, year-round 2021, 23.6 gwh, followed only by the Ningde era, with vehicle capacity as a percentage of the total, stable at more than 95 per cent; internal structure, with company blade batteries on the market in 2020 and delivery of their products, the proportion of Biadi phosphate lithium as a proportion of the total has been increasing, with 9.4 per cent in January 2020 and 9.4 per cent in February 2022
Upgraded to 96.4 per cent) In terms of industry, the overall market share of Biadi has increased gradually from 15 per cent to around 22 per cent since 2020, with the share of the vehicle industry largely remaining at the same rate; breakdown by structure, figure 17: Changes in power cell loads and ratio of lithium phosphate (right axis)
Figure 18: Change in vehicle share of Biadi power cell loads 3.1.2. Power-driven technology: self-researched/control core components, eight integrated integration technologies leading (i) power-driven system plate: Biadi power-driven system developed from stand-alone to “3+3” mode, currently
Development of up to one high integrated production platform. 1) 1st generation power-driven split, independently deployed by high-voltage modules; 2) 2nd generation power-driven 4+2 model, 4+2 model, 3rd generation power-driven 3+3 model, 3+3 combined power-driven; 4) 4th generation power-driven 8th generation model, for
The world’s first batch of eight components consists of deep-intensity integrated power modules, including drive power + power controller + deceleration device + whole-car charger + battery manager + high-voltage distribution tank + straight-flow converter. The fourth generation of eight-generation power drive systems, developed on platform 3.0 and currently on board, are currently being carried to the e3.0 first sedan.
The power component is highly integrated, resulting in a 16% reduction in volume, a 10% reduction in weight, a maximum vehicle capacity of 270kw, and a combined efficiency increase from 86% to 89%. The reduction in system parts also optimizes the nvh performance, with a maximum speed of 16,000 r/min.
Figure 20: Biadi electrical drive development history (ii) Electrical plate: self-research permanence-magnetic synchronization, using same-step binocular integration structures; self-researching of card flats
First, depending on whether the rotor of an electric car-driven motor is synchronized with a tablet, whether it contains ion-magnetic material (breathron), it can be divided into: induction motors (i.e., communication of an astromotive motor), ion-magnetic-synchronous motors.
The long-magnetic power density, energy conversion efficiency (about 90-95%) and energy consumption are high, but research and development are more costly and have a remagnetic risk of remagnesics at high temperatures, representing Teslamodel3, etc. Biadi started self-researching of the long-magnetic-synchronization machine in 2008 and is currently the only mainframe in the country that can fully self-research it.
The four-drive structure of the entire vehicle requires two power units to be loaded before and after, and the electromagnetic synchroniser is more efficient, but the empty is more expensive, and the exchange of asymptoms is the opposite. For the first time, the e3.0 platform is using the intelsynchronous power plus the exchange of asymmetrics.
Power. The two electric machines complement each other, balancing their efficiency with low airborne wear and tear, to achieve a four-drive + two-drill energy consumption that will be carried to the soon-to-be-listed four-drive version of the seal. Second, the engine can be divided according to the shape of the copper wire entangled on the steel core of the electron.
A flat-line power plant is efficient, low wear and tear, radiative performance, high power density, low noise, lighter power, and efficient material costs are 8-12% lower than a circle line, adding an all-car performance enhancement and power advantage can reduce the full-car cost by 15%, and is more cost-effective at the time of mass production.
The thin-high-performance silicon film optimizes the magnetic circuit design, reduces the iron damage of the electric system, significantly improves the radiator performance, overall power drives are rated with a 40% increase in power and maximum efficiency of 97.5%. The flat-line electrical industry has rapidly increased penetration, with a large number of high-end vehicle types carrying flat lines, and the expected penetration rate in 2025 is to be mentioned.
To 90% ~ 95%. Tesla delivered and boarded state-made motor3/y in 2021, Dm-i and e platforms in Biadi, mass meb platforms, modern e-gmp platforms, arree7 , IQl7 and DNO 001 are all using flat-line electric machines.
(iii) Electro-control plate: gbt technology continues to evolve and sicumsfet has successfully self-researched. The igbt semiconductor is a core component of electro-control. Against the background of the dominance of the Chinese igbt market by foreign manufacturers, such as British Eagle and Mitsubishi, Biadi entered the Agency's igbt R & D in 2005 and launched the gbt 4.0 2021 upgrade in 2018.
Up to 6.0. To date, it is the only company in the country that has an entire industrial chain of igbt. Simcofet is the mainstream direction of the industry in the future.
As early as March 2019, the Biadiigbt chip crystal circle had reached 50,000 units per month, with 600,000 new energy vehicles supplied in the year. However, the sic capacity was relatively inadequate, and construction began.
In the second half of 2020, Hanev caused an anomaly in the delivery of new vehicles due to the lack of production capacity of sic. In 2022, Biadi semiconductor subscriptions revealed that $312 million was proposed for the construction of 240,000 car-grade sic crystals with annual capacity.
3.1.3.800 v Super-high voltage fast charge: In the context of the trend towards the upgrade of the 800v super-high-pressure fast charge technology for core upgrades such as layout sic electrical control, core parts of the entire electrical system require further upgrades, battery, power-driven systems, battery-borne chargers such as obc/dcdc, and heat management systems, ptc,
Electrical appliances, such as air conditioning, need to be upgraded and the value of spare parts increased further. At 800v, working currents are smaller, thus saving the volume of wire beams, reducing intra-circuit resistance, increasing power density and energy efficiency by contrast, with an expected 10% increase in mileage and more than double the charge rate.
At the practical application level, the Biadi pure power platform e3.0 introduced a new generation of sic electrical controls, using a fully-fledged sicumofet, high-performance nitrogenated silicone and integrated ntc sensors, which increased the power density of the entire unit by nearly 30 per cent, with a maximum current of 840a, a maximum voltage of 1,200v and a maximum power efficiency of 99.7 per cent.
The technology will be first on the seal-type that will soon be on the market under flag e3.0 and will be charged for five minutes, with a maximum of 150 km. 3.1.4. Combining technology: dm-i/dm-p dual platform strategy will focus on energy efficiency plus performance, leading the market, Biadi started to install the mix system as early as 2003, and the current product has been upgraded to the fourth generation dm system.
1) The first generation dm technology, which focuses on energy conservation, dual-electric chaining and alignment, with a 1.0l self-smoking three-cylinder engine, achieves a pure power, incremental, hybrid (including direct) drive, which is a classic "p1+p3" electrical structure. 2) the second generation dm technology, which combines performance with energy saving, and a multi-speed dct-based co-structure, which is a "p3p4 power structure".
(c) Third generation dm technology, aimed at performance + energy efficiency + smoothness, with a mix structure based on multi-speed dct, adding bsg at p0 in the pre-dispatch phase and with a stronger p4 engine, belonging to the "p1 +p3 +p4".
Construction, power-driven systems achieve "high pressure triads" plus "drivers triads". 4) Fourth generation dm technologies, proposing a two-platform strategy, dm-p&dm-i two-platforms with different focus, dm-p with high performance and speed to meet consumers; dm-i with high value for money to meet consumers pursuing economics.
Figure 26: Biadedm technological upgrade process dm-p from dm3.0 with a three-strength four-drive "p1+p3+p4" (e.g., Domdm high performance) with a dct bipolar gear tank.
202km. The core objective of this upgrade is to optimize nvh and smoothness, with the bipolar converter being upgraded from 6 to 7 speeds, reducing speed differentials and increasing smoothness; to optimize the 1.5t/2.0t engines on board, to adjust the chain, axle, etc., and to reduce the dm-i design concept, although inherited from dm1.0, the structure has undergone a significant technological change through three major self-research core technologies.
High value for money. Increase power power power and large-volume batteries to make engines power-assisted components and achieve "multiple power and less oil." Self-researched motor control systems, electrical control systems, battery management systems, etc., core components have thump clouds, blended motors (1.5l main economics, 1.5 t for high performance and configuration of dm-ic), etc.
(mixing special speed transformers with a peak power of 132/145/60kw, special power blade cells, etc.). The entire vehicle lost up to 3.8l/100 km of electricity, with a combined fuelable range of 1,200 km and a 100 km speed of 7s, which is 2-3s faster than the same fuel vehicle.
Don, Han, etc., prices are rising, but the economy performance of the oil economy is ahead. Figure 27: Tang dm-p versus dm-i. Figure 28: Han dm-p versus dm-i
Biadidm-i blending technology with Great Wall/Jili and the solar system: Biadi uses a single ehs gearbox with a special mixer engine to achieve the lowest level of 100 km of fuel consumption for the entire market at a lower cost, with a technological lead. And, with high prices such as Han/Don, bring the dm-i product on the market, large-capacity batteries are loaded and re-serviced.
Further increase to better achieve “short-distance electricity, long-distance oil” energy-efficient mobility. Figure 30: Comparison of mainstream hybrid technology programmes in the market for blending with technology leaders in the current new energy car market, blending Biadidm-i with ideal additions
In comparison with the power technology route: both contain motors, double power units, batteries, and the cost is basically the same, and the difference is that the engine is the engine. In the ideal addition, the engine is responsible only for generating electricity, not directly driving vehicles, and the technical wall is relatively low; in Biadidm-i, the engine is not only responsible for generating electricity, but also, if necessary, directly involved in driving the vehicle.
The main technical barrier lies in the switching of power sources in different road conditions. Smartness: excellent basic hardware, active software learning 3.2.1. Smart hardware - based on semiconductor of chips such as mcu, which is a car class
Biadi has accumulated deeper technical and production experience in the field of intelligent hardware, at the core reflected in the design and manufacture of intelligent chips for its subsidiary Biadi semiconductor, including the development and production of such products as the Mcu&dms night vision system and the 360-degree landscape, as well as experience and capabilities accumulated in chip design, crystal-crystal manufacturing and sealing.
3.2.2. Smart cabin: Self-research of the dilink system, continuous upgrade of the diliink system, extensive self-research in the area of the diliink system from hardware to software operating systems, and the diliink system has now undergone four rotations consisting of the di platform, di cloud, di ecology, di open, diui user interfaces five large plates.
1) di platform: Auto-rotation smartpad, smart auto-rotation based on software applications and interactive methods. 2) di-coated cloud: built on mobile Internet, car connections, big data and ai, full network applications for users through cloud platforms. 3) di-ecology: based on Biadidilink smart network system
Superecological chains are built to bring together big car app ecologies. 4) Did open: Pad based on Andre, providing a wide range of developers with software to interface with the whole car in ape mode. 5) diui: from visual interfaces, operating logic dimensions, in-depth design of various aspects, including the main desktop, voice, air conditioning and built-in software.
Figure 33: Biadidilink, for the first time. Sentry mode parking, mood lights, etc.
New man, Tang on the market. dilink 2.0:2019 key, holo-transparency.
Dilink 1.0: 2018, like, cloud service remote shadow, smart spin and roid.
Like a four-plus million application; a Dipad on board and a Qinev on the market.
3.2.3. Automated driving function landing: Dipilot achieves a level-122 support function. The Biadipilot Auxiliary Driver System was first released in 2020. It was divided into two modules, a didas driving assistive technology and a detrainer coach model, which is in the Han model. 1) Didas Driving Auxiliation with acc-s&g
Stopped full-speed adaptation to cruise systems, csc bend speed control systems, fcw forward collision early warning system, aeb-ccr automatic emergency brake system, aeb-vru pedestrian recognition/protection system, eba emergency braking support system, ess emergency braking alarm system, ldws drive deviation from early warning system, etc.
The navigation system, the ica integrated self-adaptation cruise system, the tja traffic congestion support system, the rcta back-to-back traffic guide system, the rcw back-to-back collision early warning system, etc.) The ditrainer coach model, which can be evaluated according to driver behaviour, age and road condition, weather etc., is selectively activated, has self-learning and self-evolvement capabilities, and maintains
Continue to upgrade driving safety. 3) In addition, support is provided for remote-controlled parking, etc., and parking difficulties are resolved through two ota. In system hardware, dipilot is composed of eight short-range ultrasound probes, four long-range ultrasound probes, four high-end view cameras, and one controller.
3.2.4. Future strategic planning: Multi-stakeholder strategic collaboration, rapid learning to catch up with the fast-tracking of software areas through the joint cooperation model. Recent strategies include: 1) March 2021, Strategic Investment Horizon, based on the foundational skills of the “chips plus algorithms plus tool chain”
(ii) In November 2021, a joint venture was set up with Momenta, a start-up company in the field of autopilot software, with a view to a high-level autopilot.
Bureau.) In December 2021, a strategic cooperation agreement was concluded with Quick Starter and in February 2022, it was officially launched. 4) In February 2022, 100 degrees were selected as an intelligent driving system provider, and 100 degrees were used to produce a measured avionics and human machines for Biadi. 5) In March 2022, a partnership was announced with British Weida, Biaby.
Adi will start riding the Investigablehyperion platform on part of the vehicle pattern to achieve a higher-level intelligent driving function. Figure 35: Biadi Intelligent Partnership
3.3. Pure power platforms: Continuous progress of electric intelligence, continuous upgrade of power e3.0 platform, Biadi pure power platform e platform, has now evolved to the third generation. 1) eplatform 1.0: published in 2009, also known as “33111”, means driving triad one, high voltage one, one multiplicity controller (achieving instrumentation, empty)
(c) Platform 3.0:2021, published with a focus on intelligence, efficiency, security, aesthetics, etc.
The first volume-producing ocean dolphin series was listed in August 2021, the first electric suv-type in February 2022, and the products will be launched in the future on compact a, medium b and large c-scale platforms.
e Platform 3.04 core advantage vehicle-type re-enhancement and intelligent re-enhancement. 1) Smart: new centralized electrical architecture, divided into four domain controllers: smart power, smart car control, smart space, and smart driving, autonomously developed software and hardware decoupled vehicle operating system bydos, with a front-loaded apparel
Software architecture for services (soa) Efficiency: labelling of the global first eight-in-one power mix plus flat-line power, functional modular system height Integration saves space by 16 per cent volume reduction, weight reduction by 10 per cent, power density increase by 20 per cent, combined performance efficiency is high
89%. A wide-range temperature of -30°C to 60°C is achieved by carrying high-efficiency heat pump systems in broad-temperature areas plus the first power cell with a maximum of 20% increase in winter cruise miles. The first power-up powerer is a fast charge technology that supports 800v high voltage, which can be charged for five minutes, with a maximum of 150 km.
Traditional igbt power density is nearly three times higher than conventional power density. Using a high-performance four-drive structure, i.e., an SM+ exchange astrostational power mix, the effect of a four-drive + two-drive energy consumption is achieved. 3) Security: a blade battery, a blade + tray + a high-intensity battery package made up of sandwich structures.
The formation of a solid structure similar to the cellular aluminum plate, integrated with the body of the vehicle, makes the blade battery a fraction of the body transfer structure of the vehicle, using the strength of the battery itself, the strength of the overall strength of the vehicle is clearly enhanced, and there is a five-star safety capability with global regulations. 4) Americanics: short forward and forward suspension, long axle range, high space utilization, low gravity, low wind resistance. For example, dolphins are used as an example.
A-0 two-cars with an axle range above the 2700 mm of most a-class vehicles, and a wind resistance factor (cd) can be as low as 0.21, which is just below 0.20cd in Mercedes and 0.208cd in New Teslamodels, close to the wind barrier limit. 4. Supply chain management: high vertical integration in the whole industry chain & horizontal expansion
Starting with Biadi's car business, we've been collating the upper/secondary supplier chain from the auto business, and we can see that Biadi's battery business is centered on vertical radiation up and down and horizontally to achieve complete industrial chain coverage. The company starts with the middle-swap battery, opens up both ways up and down, invests in the upper lithium mine, and expands the vehicle down.
Different areas, such as new energy storage and electronic processing, have developed into car-related intelligent parts and semiconductors, such as upstream igbt, and eventually into a full-scale, medium- and sub-moderate, full-fledged support system. Biadi supply chain support companies are mainly Biadi semiconductors, Biadi electronics, Ferdy Systems.
Figure 38: Distribution of work among Biadi supply chain support companies, in addition to the company ' s internal supply chain, some of Biadi ' s auto parts and components products have been introduced to external suppliers, including:
Sounded from sub-blocks such as electronics related to vehicles such as /hud, car lamps, heat management, including upper-sounding electrons, Desaixives, etc., using the “catfish effect” to enhance marketable competition and strengthen institutional vitality.
4.1.1. Investment in battery lithium mines, guaranteed supply of battery raw materials 2017, Qinghai Salt Lake resources, proposed to build 30,000 tonnes/year battery-grade lithium carbonate, but at a slow pace, is still in the pilot phase. In 2021, the Tibetan Zabuye Salt Lake resource, the Tibetan mining ton carbonate project, is expected to be under way.
Construction started in April 22, with production completed at the end of September 23, including battery-grade lithium carbonate, 9,600 tons/year, industrial-grade lithium carbonate, 2400 tons/year, potassium chloride, 156,000 tons/year, and molten salt, 200 tons/year, with an expected annual capacity of 17 million tons of lithium carbonate from the Tibetan mining industry after completion. In 2022, the intensive distribution of lithium resources. In January, the Chilean lithium mine project was called by local courts for regret.
Stopping; the battle for new lithium energy in March, the company signed an agreement with the Milky Way lithium industry in April 22 for the purchase of 60,000 tons of lithium concentrate per year, and a new Indonesian project for the construction of 60,000 tons of lithium salt is planned and is expected to be launched in 23 years; at the end of the same month, a mining company was established at the Biadi Automobile Union Sichuan Bridge, which is expected to compete with the Ninder era for the resources of the Sichuan lithium mine.
Figure 39: Biadi Lithium Mine Layout 4.1.2. Biadi Semiconductor: Pre-Biadi Semiconductor, formerly one of the Biadi Project Departments and renamed and became an independent subsidiary in April 2020, with car regulation semiconductor as the core of the fast-deep layout, 2021
The ipo project, which started in June of the year, is still under consideration. The company has a car-class semiconductor at its core, which is based on efficiency, intelligence, and integration. 1) The efficiency aspects include gbt, sic (carbon silicon) and other power devices: 2) the intelligence aspects are mcu. These include car-grade mcu, industry-grade mcu, etc. 3) the integration route is the Biadi semiconductor's future.
Main business products include power semiconductors, smart controls, smart sensors, photovoltaic semiconductors, manufacturing services, applications in the areas of motor vehicles semiconductors, smart vehicles, consumer electronics, domestic electricity, industrial fields, engineering applications, photovoltaic reverses. By the end of June 2021, the company had 3,243 employees, including R & D techniques.
There are 753 technicians, or 23.22% of the workforce. In the light of the trend of intelligence, the global demand for car chips is growing and the market space at the industry level is wide. Biadi semiconductor is involved in the production and marketing of semiconductors, smart controlics, and photovoltaic semiconductors.
In terms of size, the global semiconductor market has risen steadily. According to Wsts, the global semiconductor market was $440.4 billion in 2020 and is expected to reach $488.3 billion in 2021, of which integrated circuits accounted for 82.1 per cent, sensors 3.6 per cent, optical electronic devices 9.0 per cent and split devices 5.4 per cent) are competitive.
According to gartner, the sales share of the top 10 semiconductor manufacturers worldwide in 2020 was over 55%, still dominated by overseas head companies, including Intel, Samsung, sk Hercules, Light and Light, high connectivity. 3) In domestic markets, semiconductor market demand continues to be released, with great potential.
At a critical time in the development of the semiconductor industry, applications such as cloud computing, object networking, big data, smart power grids, auto electronics, mobile smart terminals, network communications, etc., continue to land and drive the release of semiconductor demand. According to Wsts, the market size of the semiconductor in mid-2020 was $151.5 billion, an increase of 5.1 per cent compared with 5.1 per cent, representing more than one third of the global market.
It has become the largest and most dynamic semiconductor market in the world. (i) Main business I: the idm model produces power igbt, etc. The core business of the company is the power semiconductor, using chip designs, crystal round manufacturing, module encapsulation and testing, systems
The whole industry chain idm model for integrated application tests. The development of the igbt research and development team began in 2005. 1) The igbt module: in chip design, the design using meta-definite + complex site termination is designed to ensure high reliability, durability and efficiency; in crystal circle manufacturing, mastering the grid + ultra thin piece back-processing
Process: With regard to the module containment test, increased evasive efficiency is achieved by using a needle-firted directly cooled envelope structure plus double-sided heat-distribution containment technology. Currently, the company has achieved mass production based on the high density of trenchfs ' igbt 5.0 technology and is developing a new generation of igbt technology. According to omdia, based on the sales of 2019 igbt modules in China, the company has a market value.
The percentage is 19%, second only to British fliers, the second highest in the world, and the second highest among domestic manufacturers, with 2 sic devices remaining in 2020: the Biadi semiconductor is the world ' s first, the only domestic Sic III full bridge module to be a power semiconductor for scalding applications in high-end new energy vehicle-type power-drive controllers.
3) ipm module: based on 2019 market sales in China for the ipm module, the company is ranked third in the country as a producer and maintained in the country ' s top three in 2020. Figure 43: Company power semiconductor business products
As of 21 years h1, the power semiconductor operated at $465 million, with a major contribution of 38.07 per cent, top of the business, with an individual product value of $421.
In 2021, the Biadi semiconductor produced 1.3 million units, yielding 1,105.2 million units, with a capacity utilization rate of 85.02 per cent and a sales rate of 99.88 per cent, close to 100 per cent. In early December 2021, Biadi announced the introduction of an external supplier with a car code level of igbt, which is already in place.
The company’s main clients are the Biadi Group, Kotang, Wootong Motors, Fukuda Motors, Ruiling, Beijing Times, British Wetten, Blue Sea Waterteng, Sinkwakawa Technology, and SkyStar.
(ii) Main business II: the Fables business model design smart controlic. The company uses the Fables business model, which focuses on integrated circuit R & D, design and final marketing, with products produced in an off-site manner with no productive capacity.
(i) Power ic is divided into battery protection ic and ac-dcic. Battery protection ic, 2007
For example, the company is currently developing fast charge chips to support the qc3.0/2.0 and fcp agreements, supporting the output power of 100w and achieving a low capacity of 30mw.
2) The company ' s mcu chips can be divided into car code and industrial class, both of which are produced in volume and have been upgraded from 8 to 32 places respectively, and the car code mcu is expected to contribute significant increases in the future. The country ' s mcu market is vast, demand continues to rise, but the mcu is under-industrialized and the domestic market is extremely low.
In 2020, the country ' s total mcu sales exceeded 65 billion yuan; the market is expected to reach 100 billion in 2025, of which 35 per cent will be car regulations and about 40 per cent will be industrial-grade mcu (measured by dimensions such as performance and reliability). However, by the end of 2020, more than 100 mcu manufacturers in the country had contributed only about 3 billion, or only 5 per cent.
With the introduction and breakthrough of the Biadi semiconductor, it will gradually open the door to national production controls and car regulations. The Biadi semiconductor mcu has a research and development team of more than 300 people, with full control of 8051/32 bits of arm.
Design and application, capacitor sensor technology, digital/simulating signal processing technology, mcu products have now applied for 328 domestic and foreign patents and 201 invention patents. The 32-bit car chip has been awarded the "Advanced Production Performance Award for the 2020 Global Electronic Achievement Award" and the 32-bit industrial chip has also been developed by the semiconductor design team.
By May 21, the company’s car code had produced more than 10 million cars, the largest car coder, the mcu chip factory in China: a cumulative shipment of 2 billion car code and industrial mcu chips has passed.
Figure 46: Corporate Smart Control Operations Products. As of 21 years h1, Smart Control Operations earned $176 million in operating income, with a primary contribution of 14.41 per cent. (iii) Main Operations III: smartnesss+idm models to produce intelligent sensors.
Intelligent sensor operations can be divided into three categories: cmos image sensor plus embedded fingerprinting sensor with a flows mode, with no self-generated capacity; electromagnetic sensor with an idm model, designed, manufactured and encapsulated by the company. Outsourcing customers are mainly concentrated in the consumer electronics field: three stars, tcl, sound control shares, Henrich sources, cytology, cytology, cytology.
Technology, Lambalco, Skystar. 1) Corporate cmos image sensors include car class and consumer level. Car regulation sensors use car scale bsi art plus car scale imbga envelopes with excellent starlight image effects and wide dynamic performance. Consumer level sensors
The company is ranked fourth among the domestic manufacturers, based on the 2019 cos image and the Chinese market sales of the sensor. 2) The embedded fingerprint sensor sizes are comprehensive and can provide customization services. The pixel matrix consists mainly of:
256*360, 208*288, 160*160, 120*120, 96*96 dimensions are excellent in the field of large-scale embedded fingerprint chips. The company develops fingerprint matching independently, combining feature point algorithms and image algorithms, and significantly improves the recognition rate, using algorithm dsp chips to perform fingerprint matching, mainly for smart door locks.
An overall program to provide clients with "Embedded Fingerprint Sensor Chip + Arithmetic dsp Chip + Master Mcu Chip". 3) In the case of electromagnetic sensors, vehicle-level multi-combined current sensors can be customized and developed according to the professional needs of downstream power-drive controllers, with product accuracy, linearity, response time up to industry lead level, product
An angle-velocity-position-type sensor can adapt to a complex environment, achieve high accuracy measurements, and a non-contact setup increases the product’s longevity and noise. As of 21 years h1, smart-sensor operations collected $266 million, with a primary contribution of 21.79%.
Figure 49: Corporate smart sensor business products Figure 50: Corporate smart sensor business receipts (left axis) and main camp ratio (right axis) (iv) Main battalion operations IV: Led light semiconductor for vehicles, gradually expanding into the consumer sector.
The company, for a small number of semiconductor manufacturers in the country that can load a small quantity of led before childbirth, has already completed most of the production of zero components and modules. Led light manufacturing mainly caters for the application of the led light source at the car regulation level, in conjunction with the reloading of the structure chip and the heat pressure crystallization technology, and covers the medium- and high-power led light market.
The main in-house supply is to Biadi Group, with fewer external customers, and currently only to ICA. As of 21 years h1, PV semiconductor operations received 227 million yuan, with a primary contribution of 18.57 per cent and a third place in the company. (v) Main business five: manufacturing and service operations, with 8 inch crystal manufacturing capacity expanding.
The company mainly provides its clients with crystal-crystal manufacturing, encapsulation testing, and led lighting contracts, with a focus on crystal-crystal manufacturing services. As of 21 years h1, the manufacturing services business collected $87 million, with a contribution rate of 7.17 per cent.
The company now has a 6-inch crystal circle manufacturing line that provides Shortki diodes, electrostatic protection, cos and photoelectric diode transistor manufacturing services. The 8-inch crystal circle manufacturing capacity is being expanded. In 2020, the Longsaigbt project invested $1 billion in the construction of a production line with an annual output of 250,000 8 inches of crystal.
Energy vehicle production needs; in 2021, the Jinan Crystal Production Project invested $3.05 billion in the purchase of crystal manufacturing facilities, which will produce 360,000 silicon 8-inch silicon-based devices per year.
Medium swimming: Ferdys and other subsidiaries cover diverse parts and components 4.2.1. Electrodynamic areas: with the Fody Battery & Fody power at its core Fody Battery has a full life-cycle development capability for power cells from ore to ladder use.
It covers a wide range of areas such as 3c batteries, power cells, storage cells, ladder utilization; vertically, downstream coverage of the entire vehicle, power cells, and secondary batteries for storage. Ferdi's power was originally in the Biadei Department, and has been working since 2003 to develop fuel vehicle/new energy vehicle power.
Aggregated and new energy solutions, as domestic core parts and components manufacturers, core products include engines, transformers, drive totals, recharge totals, electric machines, electrical controls, etc. 4.2.2. Intelligently associated: Ferdi Technologies at its core
Fordet is the leading domestic supplier of car parts and components, with a large amount of electronic and chassis technology covering three main areas: passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, orbital traffic.
For nearly 20 years now, Freddy's sperms have been developing model designs and building + carlights, with professional white bodies and parts and components welding lines, and have been recognized by high-tech companies for many years. Biadi lighting (Fredy's visual) is dedicated to the development and development of the Led semiconductor lighting product, and the main business is steam.
Carled lamps, known as the “China light factory.” 4.3 Downstream: Automobile plus Electronic+Service + Track Multi-Operations Increase Synergy Depending on their perfect layout in the areas of battery & manufacturing processing, Biadi further develops car plus electricity downstream
4.3.1. Automobiles: Ferdy's spare parts are self-sufficient and well-supplied Automobiles are supported by five central subsidiaries of Biadi Effti, with battery + power-drive systems at their core.
Cars, chassis, power, driving, cabins, and five blocks of Biadi can be produced in perfect support, providing solid security for the supply of sub-blocks of production in the area of motor vehicles such as cars, commercial buses/cars, forklifts, etc. Figure 59: Biadi ' s supply chain support company for automobile operations
4.3.2. Storage capacity: The global market is progressing well overseas, opening up further storage industries with great prospects, rapid growth, and the domestic storage energy market is starting to flourish. As the share of electricity generated by renewable energy rises, issues such as disbursing, distribution, volatility, etc., are becoming apparent, and demand for storage capacity is becoming more acute.
The study of White Paper 2022 data showed that in 2021, for the first time ever, the cumulative scale of the global new storage and energy market went beyond 25gw and the scale of 10gw was increased by 67.7 per cent, compared with 67.7 per cent in the same year, and that China ' s new storage and energy market accumulated 5.73gw, the model of which went beyond 2gw for the first time, or 74.5 per cent, compared with 74.5 per cent, and that China ' s reserve market entered a truly large scale development.
Biadi, as a leading electric vehicle company, has been actively and synchronized in setting up a new energy-wide chain. Earlier than 2008, Biadi had entered into a battery-capable operation: based on his own battery advantage, given the rapid pace of overseas storage operations, Biadi was able to develop from home to abroad, becoming the Chinese firm with the largest output of the overseas market system.
On the market side: offshore markets are well developed, European markets are bright. There are many countries and territories where companies export their energy products to the United States of America, including Trinidad and Tobago, with Biadi households ranked second in 2019 in terms of the volume of goods they can produce on the European market.
Aftersonen, in 2020, the company produced 438 mwh of storage batteries abroad, leading the country; the storage system delivered 213 mw, second only to sunlight. Biadi worked strategically with Goldwind Technology to actively explore and practice new energy solutions, such as storage technologies, to win across borders.
In July 2020, Biadey worked with the Golden Wind strategy to boost the development of domestic market performance through the use of Biadi ' s upstream batteries and the Goldwind technology to build downstream operations; and Biadi ' s share at Att in September 2021.
S. Attez, one of the largest public utility-scale solar power project developers in the world and with the largest reserve of power station projects, is expected to contribute further to the downstream expansion of Biadi’s storage capacity. Figure 60: Biadi’s reserve operations revenue/billion yuan (left axis) and changes in comparison to the same ratio
Figure 61: Biadi storage capacity ratio and Mäori rate change to include Byadi storage field batteries/bms/ems/pcs, etc., in the top of the market. Physical business coverage, Byadi storage plates are battery-centred, and storage energy systems cover the entire area.
Battery is a core integrated energy control system, consisting mainly of multiple components such as power cores, ems (energy management system), bms (cells management system), pcs (two-way transformer), which are the core of the energy storage system at a cost of about 67% and pcs/bms at a cost of 10/9%.
In 2021, Chinese companies ranked third in global output of energy storage batteries, after the Ninder era and Peng Fui energy; global producers of storage energy pcs ranked third in China, after sunlight power and kohua power; and overseas market storage systems integrated second in China, after sunlight power, with deep integration of the entire industrial chain leading to the rise of industry headlines.
bms are primarily responsible for battery monitoring, assessment, protection, balancing, etc.; energy management systems (ems) are responsible for data collection, network monitoring and energy scheduling, etc.: storage energy transformers (pcs) can control the charge and discharge process of storage batteries and make direct flow changes. Biadi is in the upstream equipment (including the manufacture of the entire chain of power cores) and
There are perfect layouts in the whole field of system integration and installation, including in the bms/pcs/ems area) and in the middle of the country, where only substrate electrons are comparable and are expected to benefit fully in the future from landing dividends such as industrial chain cores/power stations.
Batteries are available outside for end-of-life applications of blade batteries, and long-term space continues to be appreciated. 1) Core storage systems are open to sharing and market-based transformations are re-emerging. Biadi is the “system integrator” of the whole chain in the field of storage energy, with core components ranging from a core core core core from a core core core core core to pcs, bms and so on being produced autonomously, except for the following:
In addition to supplying batteries to individual customers, such as the grid, Biadi does not sell its cores and modules to the outside world, but only provides integrated storage and energy systems.
2) New products are released, blade batteries are expected to expand, and long-term space is expected to improve. In August 2020, by-dcube, the Yadi power grid-level energy product was released at only 16.66 m2, with a storage capacity of 2.8 mwh, compared to the industry ' s 40-foot standard assembly energy system, with an increase in energy density of more than 90% per unit area. After 2021, blades were released.
Batteries will also be applied to the storage energy business area, where the equivalent 40-foot container area can have a battery capacity of more than 6 mwh, the storage capacity, the power plant will have less than half of its current area, and the land, construction and cable costs of all projects will be significantly reduced, thus contributing to a reduction in the full project cost cycle.
It is expected that there will be a sustained increase in the volume of operational output and revenue collection.
4.3.3. Electronics: Expand downstream processing and transform sophisticated platform-type manufacturers. Biadi Electronics is a global leading platform high-end manufacturing enterprise that provides a one-stop service for customers in the development of new materials, product design and development, manufacturing, supply chain management, logistics, post-sales, etc.
Pen electricity, new smart products, auto-smart systems, four major operating blocks of medical health, large-scale automation of international production line coverage modelling, metals, plastics, 3d glass, ceramics and electronics.
The main business is the assembly of smart electronics, with a steady increase in revenue. The business income of Biadi is growing steadily, its share of total business income is stable at about 35%, and the overall Māori rate has remained stable at around 10-15% in recent years.
Big: Parts and components are the second most sold. Corporate clients include large North American customers and global firms such as Chinese, Mim, ov, Samsung, and British Weida. Biadi electronics deals in automobiles, mainly in the production of smart network/intelligent cabins, and auto electronics, which are dominated by a vehicle-borne communication smart module.
Figure 67: Changes in the share of different businesses in the Biadi e-business (2020: inner circle) Future development dimensions, steady growth in assembly operations, and significant increases in the contribution of automobile smart systems. 1) assembly operations: Corporate ipads are moving well, rising production uphills lead to a relatively stable level of Maori and are expected to continue in the future
Importing new products on an ongoing basis; and further substitution of Andre's clients. 2) Spare parts business: company metal spares are growing, glass is benefiting from industry growth and increased share, and the overall spare parts business is structured in a defined optimal manner, leading to higher profitability. 3) Auto-smart systems: rapid release of support with parent company products is expected.
Business income is growing rapidly. 4) Smart product business: companies have a lot of downstream flowers like e-smokes/unmanners/intelligent homes. 4.3.4. Orbital traffic: cloud track and cloud power future urban transport market. Urban orbital transport business is one of the strategic directions for Biadi’s future development.
The field has built an integrated and innovative advantage by extending the electric vehicle industry chain to the field of orbital traffic, successfully producing efficient, low-cost medium- and low-volume “ Cloud Track” and low-volume “Wimbar” products, in conjunction with new energy vehicles to achieve public transport in cities 1) The “Nun Track” is China's first fully autonomous, single-track intellectual property right, five years in Biadey's history, costing 50 per cent.
In August 2017, the Biadeon Track signed its first overseas bill in Iloilo, Philippines; in October of the same year, the Cloud Track was placed in Alexandria, Egypt. In January 2020, Biadi Brazil, El Salvador's entire cloud line.
The design programme was approved; in May of the same year, the São Paulo Cloud Track Project in Brazil was contracted to be officially deactivated in March 2022. (2) “Yumba” is a small transport vehicle with fully autonomous intellectual property rights, built for seven years for Biadi, costing 10 billion yuan, and is another major orbital transport project after the Cloud Track.
At that time, the ability to climb reached 12%. At present, the capital is to be built on the "Boomen" mountain. Byadi Yunba was able to communicate in the Weihai in 2019, but was unable to reach the ground, and by 2022 the Tsinan and Qingdao regions were exploring ways to move the Yunba project forward.
Figure 72: Biadi Yunba effect chart 5. Product definition: Dynasty/ocean based on mass market, high/high-end brand sprints up, four major brands with dynasty/sea/high-end/high-end brands, Biadi achieves full coverage of product levels/prices. 2021.
Biadi’s brand-newly combed matrix of products under the flag, which divides the current pattern of sales into two main channels of distribution: the Dynasty’s network, which consists of a series of products such as Qin/Son/Jong/Don/Han, and the Ocean’s network, which includes the original e series and a completely new series of marine life (Dolphins/Seals, etc.) and the Marine Warship series (Frigates/Airguards/Rovers, etc.).
In addition to the ocean network ' s positioning of under $300,000 in the public market, Biadi is about to launch a new branding of 300-500,000 yuan in price belts, the first car d9 for large mpv products above $450,000, containing two fuel types: pure electricity and plug-in; and the new high-end branding of 500,000-1 million in price range, the first vehicle or focus.
Figure 73: Biadi's overall product matrix layout, detailed, 1) The Dynasty Network, Biadi designs the guidance style for a stable atmosphere and continues to push for Qin/won/Song/Han.
/Don’s five series of models are updated to focus on technological orientation and extreme performance experiences. It is expected that the future will be full-scaled with dm-i technology, with full coverage of the e3.0 pure power production platform. 2) Oceannet, based on young people’s consumption habits, will open up new ideas about the configuration and marketing of the outer interiors and channels
The product consists of two main sequences: the Marine Life Series, which carries pure e-platform 3.0, and the Marine Warship Series, which carries dm-i supermix technology. The first-car dolphin and destroyer 05 are now on the market.
In the field of blending, in January 2021, the fourth generation of the dm-i series was released, and in March, the sales of the Qinplus/Songplus/Tang 3 dm-i series were on the market, and sales rose steadily, with monthly sales of Qinplus below $200,000 breaking rapidly by 15,000, and Songplus breaking by 20,000 months.
In pure electricity, most of the old e series and the last generation of the Crown's pure tram are out of the market, and Qinplusev's brand-new blade-carrying batteries are rapidly released; and the sales of the two brand-new dolphins/M$plus were fast breaking when they were marketed in 2022, with the market share at the top of the industry.
Figure 77: Biadee's mix represents sales of vehicles/cars) above $200,000 in the upper-middle-end market. In the pure electricity sector, in the second half of 2020, Byadi's new high-end driver was on the market with a blade battery, with a breakdown of the sales of the market in the second half of 2020 against the pygmies of Tireslamodel3 and Pap7
In the area of blending, the sales of Dondm-i have steadily increased since it was marketed, reaching 8,000 vehicles by the end of 2021 and 10,000 vehicles by 2022; Handm-i opened a pre-sale in March, with 10-hour orders exceeding 12,000 and orders burst. The Shenzhen factory’s 250,000 production capacity was used mainly for production.
The Han/Tang family product, which ensures adequate supply. 3) Motion/all new high-end brands are expected to be released, with the electric car market giving off dividends, and the Biadi brands are expected to be further enhanced. In 2022, the uplifting brand (formerly the Biadi and Mercedes Demoller joint brands) will be completely reshuffled, compared to the new one.
M2, axle 3 m, carrying Biade Biyadi blade batteries, with two power models of dm-i super-mixing/pure power, and it is expected that Biadi will also publish its new high-end stand-alone brand, positioning the 500,000-1 million-dollar price range by an independent team battalion, an independent marketing network; first-car type or to locate Land Cruisers, which is expected to be officially released in 2023.
6. Channel marketing: expands the network of channels to create individual co-creations. Biadim is currently based on a network of product outlets, with 48 shops, supermarkets, and exhibition halls co-located with 4s. The stores are located in the most dense south-east coasts, some of which are second to the central and western regions; they are functional.
4s store has marketing, spare parts, after-sales services, feedback of information; supermarkets are built in malls or shopping malls, with display and marketing functions; exhibition halls are located in large commercial areas and, in addition to sales, perform brand image functions. The rest are derivative end-of-sale contact points for 4s shop)
From the marketing dimension, the transition from the generation of brand values to the attainment of user values is made from the generation of 3.0 to 4.0 times. 1) 1.0 Age Marketing: the sale of plant-produced products to people who are able to pay, maximizing the size of the enterprise, standardizing the product and reducing the cost of attracting customers. 2) 2.0 Age Marketing: The customer is God, the firm meets the needs of different consumers.
3.) Markets become smart and selective consumers. 3) 3.0 Time marketing: Value driven, businesses must have the great mission, vision and values to serve the world on the basis of meeting user demands.
Marketing 4.0: Users create, households transform into users, brands help to achieve self-worth, consumption
Socialization, with an emphasis on interaction and respect. How does Biadey do it with the current socialization?
Logo rejuvenates: The brand new logo is used in the domestic car market, designed by the team of Biadi Global Design Centers led by Mr. Wolfgang Eger. New Logo visualizes the feeling of a more connected world and the sense of "fast move." 2) Open association, changing user perceptions: Linked to the b station to create Knife.
(c) Personal co-inventiveness: the name of the dynasty strengthens the Chinese culture by inviting a large number of national wind-up sponsors to play Call: Open App community for Chinese culture, and by creating a one-stop digital interconnection era with a car.
7. Explosive output: Technology upscaling, blast vehicle type gradually covering the full price belt 7.1. Explosive analysis is available: dm-i economics leading, v security + large space advantage is clear. Stars such as Hanev/dm-i and Qinplusdm-i/Songplusdm-i show significant sales.
Electrodynamic technology and bright-eye design, Biadi is now leading the market in different markets across the main price range of $100,000 to $300,000. The main areas of mixing are Qinplusdm-i and Songplusdm-i, with a single month’s peak sales out of 20,000 and future destroyer 05, Songpro, Han, etc.
In the low-end market, for example, dolphins and Yuan plus, e3.0 of the new platform ' s products, each has more than 10,000 sales per month. Figure 82: Biadi Qinplusdm-i Figure 84: Biadi Dolphinsev
According to the priority vehicle user image, 1) Qin Plausdm-i/Sangplusdm-i focuses on male buy-outs/sub-purchases, with more than 90 per cent men and more than 35 per cent Songplusdm-i buy-outs; Qin Plusdm-i buys more than 60 per cent. 2) Dolphins focus on increased consumption, with over 40 per cent of them, with a more balanced gender distribution, and single young people
Consumption groups tend to be dominated by up to 30%; 3) Hanev spends more than 60% of its consumption on men, and is concentrated mostly on household purchases: 4) Handm-i consumes a core focus on buying/uploading, and consumption upgrades are the core drivers. In summary, Biadi owns two new types of energy products, dm-i/ev, dm-i have nothing.
The main focus is on the acquisition type. The economic advantage of dm-i fuel consumption is clear. We analyse the fuel fuel with the suv/sedan model at different prices in the car market: 1) the overall size of the model increases with the price, and the overall amount of 100 km of fuel consumed shows an upward trend; 2) the same price
In the same class of cars, suv is the overall lead car in fuel consumption: (a) 100 km of sedan/suv less than $3.2 million, in the 5.5-7l area, and 100 km of sedan/suv over $200,000, in the 6-8l area. Biadi dm-i series has different price bands, but 100 km is absolutely low.
Different prices give rise to a clear advantage for several of the BJEs, with market consumers paying more attention to the economic performance index of oil consumption, and high-selling star-car models concentrated near the lowest fuel consumption in the same space. Biadi’s own product performance: the lowest fuel consumption. Biadi’s/fouler
The 05dm-i model achieves a minimum fuel consumption of 3.8l km in space sizes. Figure 87: Analysis of Qinplusdm-i competitions (average monthly sales/car sales after 2021) 2) $150,000-200,000: Songpus et al. - Economic leadership in space/oil consumption.
The multiplicity of factors, such as inter-branding and oil consumption, has succeeded in opening up a completely new break-off advantage: large space + low oil consumption, and sales have risen rapidly to the top of the price range. It is expected that the share of joint ventures will be further seized in the future. Figure 88: Analysis of Songplusdm-i competitions (after modeling, the monthly average sales per vehicle in 2021)
More than $200,000: Handm-i -- space/economy leading. Handm-i locates between $200,000 and $300,000 in price zones, taking advantage of the advantages of new-energy automobiles, with greater internal space, and low fuel consumption, opening up a new blue sea market.
Figure 89: Analysis of the Hamdm-i competition (after the figure is a monthly average sale/car in 2021) 7.2.2022 ~2023 New Car Scheme: heavy-pound products heavily marketed: heavy-pound new vehicles 2022: new vehicles such as Songpro/Frigate 05dm-i are on the market; they will also be placed on the maritime network.
In 2023, product plans were: the Dynasty network model was streamlined upwards and the marine network biological + military vessels were enriched by two main product matrices; and it was expected to be marketed with a brand-new, brand-new vehicle.
Based on the following core assumptions, Biadi’s profits are projected for 2022-2024. 1) Revenues are 106,337 times higher than the rate of increase and the average value of five comparable companies in Biadia+h shares is 14/11/9 times. Given that Biadi’s strong product cycle continues to be released, we believe that Biadi should enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
If the global epidemic is under-controlled, it will have an impact on the global economy, thus affecting the recovery in demand for vehicles. The recovery in demand for vehicles is lower than expected.
New-energy automobile development is lower than expected. If new-energy car technology development and market demand are lower than expected, it will affect the industry’s overall electrodynamic development process and have a significant impact on the Great Wall’s sales volume and its own profits.
Three major financial forecasts for Biadei. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.