Biadebyd (002594ch) Biade depth: byd'sin-deptreport: inelligentmanufacturinginchina
Focus on investmentfocus (pleaseeendix1forenglichsummary) Highlights: This is an in-depth analysis of Biadi's sections of business, looking at the speed of new energy vehicles
In the context of growth, Biadei’s investment opportunities. We believe that the new energy sources in Biadi are now strong, and that the multi-car model provides the basis for sales. The company’s capacity continues to expand rapidly in the future, and the future sales of multi-cars, such as seals, are likely to increase at a very high rate as they go on the market.
The company’s leading role in new energy cars is remarkable, and the prices of future cars are rising. The first four months of 2022 were higher than the value of Yadi’s continuing innovation, and the company produced a cumulative 395 million new jobs in January/April.
Source cars, selling 39.24 million vehicles. The company’s 2201 city is about 25%, ranked first, and the country’s top ten cities with the highest new energy sales.
There are still a large number of new bases that are expected to go into production in 2022, and we expect 3 million vehicles to be able to go through, and we believe that with these capabilities coming into operation, the company’s capacity cap will open, and sales will likely continue to rise significantly in 2022.
In 2017-2021, the global sales of new energy vehicles are expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate, as well as the future development of new energy vehicles. Battery operations: rapid expansion, external supply.
At present, the company power cells are available in addition to their own use, and their capacity is expanding rapidly. In addition to the existing base for the production of batteries in Guangdong Cheezhou, Shenzhen pits, Xian Gaoxin and Xinghai Seining,
The company plans to grow production rapidly, signing contracts in Ninggang, Guiyang, port, no-good, etc., with nearly 20 existing battery production bases with a planned capacity of over 400 gwh. Semiconductor operations: going to be listed separately, with future development achievable. Biadi semiconductors are mainly from
Biadi Electronics: Deep Farming Parts, assembly areas, active start-up. Biadi is active in new business.
Electronics have formed smart phones & computers, new smart products, auto smart systems and health-care units, and are continuing to grow and start new business. Storage and photovoltaic: Business continues. Biadi's storage energy products are used for household and industrial purposes.
Two major areas of commerce, the product sector, can be divided into two major sections: energypod and batterybox. Photovoltaic operations are continuing and, as of September 2020, Biadi photovoltaics are counting over 10 gw.
Profit projection: Considering the size of the company, the valuation is done in the form of a segment valuation. For comparable companies, we believe that the total market value of the Biadi Divisions is $9,504 million, corresponding to barneyyao