The first step into a pure new energy era, a one-car profit point, Biadi (002594.sz) is a brand name for new energy vehicles, with a strong all-industry chain layout. The company is in the new energy source.
The auto industry forms the upper-middle-down industry chain layout, from battery raw materials to new-energy car three power systems to power cell recycling, forming a complete closed ring, with significant industrial chain synergies.
In the field of materials, the company has the raw materials of batteries from the source, the resources of lithium from the Qinghai Salt Lake and the resources of lithium from the Tibetan Salt Lake; in the area of midstream spare parts, the company has the autonomy to develop core parts and components for new energy vehicles, such as batteries, electric machines and electrical controls; in the area of downstream cars, the company has the completed whole vehicle manufacturing and R & D system, new
Energy automobile sales are among the top and most prominent in the country’s autonomous brands. The first to transform the manufacture of pure new energy vehicles, the only one with a conventional car factory experience plus a new power product, a strategic positioning advantage.
Releases, dm-i, dm-p and other platform strategies, each focusing on economic and robust technology routes, selling prices, more homogenous mixes, fuel cars have advantages, driving smoothness and power performance improves, directs consumption pain points.e Platform 3.0 focuses on pure electrical products, further integrates core parts,
Standardization, with a completely new body structure, an electronic electrical structure and a vehicle operating system bydos, and the cessation of the production of fuel trucks, a focus on the new energy whole business, and the continuous updating of hybrid and pure electricity technologies, are expected to continuously improve the competitiveness of new energy products and fully kick-start a strong cycle of corporate production.
2. The corporate product matrix is constantly rich, and the middle- and upper-end market surge is paralleled by the exploration of the young tide consumption. The public sector is market-oriented, the customer-centred, the product matrix is constantly enriched, the high-end product-man has been able to break through 200,000 price zones, and the ocean network is focusing on the young tide consumer market.
A total of 29 items, 25 in the dynasty series, 2 in the ocean series, 2 in the e-net and 2 in the other vehicles, were sold monthly over 100,000 major gates and continued the offensive, and sales are expected to continue upwards in the future as the company ' s new platform increases the pace of product rotation.
3. The new energy “3-power” bottom technology is autonomously controlled, the semiconductor industrial chain is clearly superior, and the company’s automobile intelligence continues to develop. Biadi blade battery technology is becoming more mature, with an overall volume energy density of up to the same level as the triple lithium battery, which is safe and economical, with a steady load in the first echelon of industry.
The rapid rise of Biadewa electrons in the car igbt market, with an end advantage of more than 20% of the country's top three suppliers, will bring more potential than the independent listing of the Yadi semiconductor to finance development and business outreach; “Freddy” is a company that covers a wide range of new energy car parts and components, and continues to power companies' products electrically,
The price of raw materials increases the risk of higher costs. 4 - The volume of products sold is below the expected risk. Drivers, key assumptions, and major projections: companies are leading auto brands in the country, in the field of new energy vehicles, in the domain of core “triple power” technologies, in the domain of self-control.
Downstream layouts continue to expand, and the advantages of the whole industry chain are gradually emerging. In the context of auto electricization, intelligence, and networking, the dividends of new energy automobile development continue to be released, corporate product power and brand power are gradually gaining market recognition, productive capacity is expanding in an orderly fashion, and the production and sales patterns are expected to continue.
The loss of new energy vehicles has largely reversed, and the company’s profitability is expected to continue to improve and its performance improves. In the 2022 new car-type program, the All-New Han family was officially listed on April 10th, with Handm-p, Han dm-i, Henev’s original edition, and Hanev’s 1,000-truck limit edition: Seals were released on May 20th.
See, in the area of pure electricity, the company uses Blade Battery and Platform 3.0 to quickly launch safe, intelligent and efficient products; in the area of mixing, the new generation of “dm-i”/ “dm-p” technologies is used to build a chain of payments. According to our rough calculations, the company's main vehicle sales in 2022 are expected to reach 2 million vehicles, contributing nearly $300 billion in sales revenues and hot cars.
The impact of the epidemic on macroeconomics and car sales has not been completely reduced, and the mood for car consumption as a durable commodity is uncertain or slowing down, against a background of uncertain prospects for growth in disposable income.
New energy car heat, a larger number of new entrants to the industry, non-substantiation of autopilots, increased homogenization of the industry, uncertainty about the effectiveness of a company’s pure new energy development strategy. The company’s up-and-down layouts cover a wide range of areas, such as semiconductor, auto parts, orbital transport, and collaboration with the company’s auto industry.
Research and development (R & D) is produced, but the economics of R & D are uncertain, and the co-efficiency and profit implications are yet to be verified. The company’s sales of automobiles and power cell loads are faster than expected.
Industrial policies, consumer policies, tax policies, etc., that support the development of new energy cars are exceeding expectations. The risks of the new crown epidemic: the disruption of logistics, delays in reworking, etc., and the sale and upscaling of corporate products.
There is a certain impact on tourism supply. The industry chain risk associated with the shortage of car chips: the shortage of car chip production and transport due to the impact of the epidemic, and the risk of companies upgrading intelligent products with less impact than expected and limited capacity.
The higher prices of raw materials pose the risk of higher costs: higher prices for large upstream commodities, putting upward pressure on the cost of products such as corporate power cells, cars, etc. Product sales fall short of expectations: new energy cars are driven by policy and people are at the disposal of consumers as durable consumer goods
There is a risk that sales will fall short of expectations in many ways, such as entry and changes in the macroeconomic situation. First, the brand leader of the New Energy Automobile, with the whole industry chain layout forming the Protector River, and (i) China’s New Energy Automobile leader, in electronics, batteries, or rail transport.
The company is China’s leading new energy car company, with a layout covering electronics, automobiles, new energy, and orbital transport. Biadey Inc. (hereinafter “Biadi”) has set up more than 30 industrial parks around the world, achieving a strategic layout for six continents around the world, with a comprehensive approach to building zero-emission new energy solutions.
Two major brand networks; companies are gradually opening up medium- and high-end markets on the basis of deep-farming public markets of $200,000 or less. With more than 15 participating companies, the deep-dressed new-energy car industry chain, the company is the first and only new-energy automobile manufacturing company in the world to have at its disposal core technologies, including batteries, electric machines, electrical controls, and the igbt chip, and is powerful.
The company has developed for a long time and has gradually become a world-class automobile brand. Biadi was founded in 1995 and registered as the first lithium battery supplier in China, Motorola and Nokia, in 250 and 2002.
In 2006, Biadi's electric sedan f3e was successfully developed, marking its world leader in pure electric car technology. In 2011, Biadi was listed on the Shenzhen Exchange. Biadi has completed the construction of the five largest car industry bases in Xian, Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Changsha, and so on.
Figure 1: Biadi’s history of automobile development, a private-owned brand, a relatively fragmented equity structure, and well-developed market-based management mechanisms.
The Department actually controls 17.64 per cent of the company ' s shares.
The Biadei business consists of three main sections, including automobiles, cellular components and assembly operations, secondary batteries, and photovoltaic operations. The automobile business has two major distribution networks (Dynamite and Oceannet), two major technological platforms (dm and e platforms), and mobile phone parts and assembly operations, including those for world-renowned customers.
Services such as new material development, product design and research and development, zero components and modification mechanisms, supply chain management, etc., with regard to battery operations, the company is a well-known manufacturer of power cells in the country, while the product includes tri-dollar batteries, lithium batteries, etc., and is developed in tandem with three major business plates.
The automobile business has become the company ' s main business, with 52 per cent of the revenue in 2021, and is the main source of elastic growth in the company ' s income in recent years, with 86.45 billion yuan, or 40 per cent, in mobile parts-related operations, and two of the largest of the three major operations (combined growth in cellular assembly and secondary charge batteries at 14.62 per cent and 15.30 per cent, respectively), which are financed.
Figure 4: Changes in the composition of Biadi's main battalion, which is the main driving force behind the steady growth in corporate income.
In the area of upstream raw materials, the company has battery raw materials from the source, and has lithium resources from the Qinghai Salt Lake and Tibetan Salt Lake; in the area of midstream spare parts, the company is able to develop its own core parts for new energy vehicles such as batteries, electric machines, electrical controls, etc.; and in the area of downstream cars, the company has completed a complete overhaul.
Car manufacturing and R & D systems, and new energy automobile sales are among the top and most prominent among autonomous brands in the country. Figure 6: The company’s industrial chain layout in the area of new energy automobiles, with significant synergies, has continued to increase in recent years, with new energy vehicles being the main driving force behind the increase in sales.
After a steady increase in the sale of new energy vehicles by companies in 2018, public sales fell under the influence of homogenous competition in the industry and a fall in subsidies: in 2021, with the combination of favourable new energy car consumption policies, smart driving technology innovations and product recognition, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles accelerated, and companies took advantage of strong technology and industry leadership.
Since 2022, the Dynasty series, the Ocean Series, will be fully upgraded, with the prospect of boosting the volume of new energy cars. The company’s marketing network is dominated by Dynasty and Oceannet, and the product matrix is becoming richer.
Power upgrades, with autonomously controlled bottom-level technologies as core competitiveness, were launched in 2021 with platform 3.0. As a home-grown pure power platform, platform 3.0 has four core advantages of "intelligent + efficiency + safety + aesthetic" and upgrades the competitiveness of the company's pure electricity products. With new platforms and new technologies in place, the company's new products are priced at a very high price and include Han, Tang, Song, Qin, Qin, Qin.
A single-month sale of the "Dynasty Network" in a series of five dollars has been innovative, and the "Han" model has successfully injected the company's main product into 200,000 blocks, supplementing the company's high-end product matrix. The company's pure electricity and hybrid products have been technologically developed in tandem, and Dondm's product power has been recognized.
(iii) The pace of industrial expansion is accelerating, and the orderly expansion of capacity supports the rise in sales and the development of new energy vehicle supply chains and research and development systems that support the expansion of market distribution networks. After more than 20 years of rapid growth, Biadi’s industry is becoming more sophisticated, with international leadership in car manufacturing, modelling, and vehicle development.
At the supply chain level, through self-building and M & As, companies have achieved integrated layouts ranging from battery raw materials to tri-electric systems to whole-car production, to battery recycling and automobile services, which initially constitute a closed industrial chain with significant industrial synergies. On the R & D side, companies have a well-developed R & D system, and several studies have been set up, including the Central Research Institute, the Auto-engineering Institute and the Bus Research Institute.
In terms of marketing networks, there are more than 280 local municipalities in each province; companies sell a variety of pure electric buses and electric taxis to six continents and more than 50 people.
Countries and regions, more than 300 cities, have brought green and green public transport solutions to cities like Los Angeles, London, Amsterdam, Sydney, Hong Kong, Kyoto, Kuala Lumpur, etc. Energy expansion has accelerated and market size has been enhanced.
In terms of domestic industry, the company has nine major whole-car production bases in Shenzhen, Xian, Changsha, Changzhou, Jiangxichi, Jinan, Fertilizer, Chengzhou, etc. According to Chinese Internet data, the company currently produces 1.3 million vehicles per year.
Tens of thousands, the new platform is expected to have a gradual reduction in the cycle of major vehicle-type R & D, and the impact of the production and sale of two large-scale companies will become apparent, leading to a steady increase in the profitability of bicycles. (iv) Industry has steadily increased and revenue has been wide-ranging.
In 2014 and the previous period, the Department of Public Administration focused on fuel cars, moving companies to new energy vehicles after the Dynasty’s series was marketed in 2015-2018, and the share of new energy vehicles and cars in the market remained stable at between 17% and 20%, with industry leading to a better position.
The impact of the epidemic, as well as the outbreak of new power in car-making, brought the new energy market as a whole to a high level of competition, with a slight decline in corporate ownership. In 2021, the company’s super-mixed series of launches picked up its share of new energy by car, which reached 25.31 per cent in January-April 2022, and the industry’s rapid upgrading, with sales and revenues expected to double up under the subsequent new vehicle fleet.
The new energy automobile industry has a long slope of snow, and there is much room for growth. According to FMC data, in 2021, the number of new energy vehicles on board was 2.98 million, representing an increase of 169.1 per cent and a penetration rate of 14.8 per cent; in January-April 2022, the amount sold was about 1.69 million, with about 200 vehicles, and the country ' s automobile market still has more room for development than the developed world, and I expect to be able to reach 2030.
The country’s vehicle holdings will reach about 400 cars per 1,000 people, and the space for cars will remain huge. At the same time, under the guidance of the country’s carbon neutrality and carbon peak policy, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles will rise to about 40% by 2030, and the volume of new energy vehicles will likely increase faster than the overall increase in the car market.
With more than 11 million vehicles sold, and more than 18 million in 2030, the country’s new energy vehicles are expected to be sold. With a bright outlook of more than 20% of the combined sales of the source cars, the company, as the leader of the new energy-car industry, will have a significant potential for deep gains from the growth in the value of the new energy products on a single-car basis, with a strong increase in the price of the company’s products, the neutral assumption is estimated to be in 2025.
ii. Lead in the transformation of a pure new energy vehicle, with the only one with a conventional vehicle-making experience + a new power product, a strategic positioning dual advantage (i) mixed and a pure power double-wheel drive, and perfecting the medium- and high-end product matrix
Dm4.0 Modified platform: with low fuel consumption and power, with clear positioning of mixed products, two platforms with low fuel consumption and power power, four overlapping performances. The Biadidm Modified platform was launched in 2006, the first dm model of f3dm was launched in 2008 and the company currently has dm-i, dm-p dual platform strategy in Dm technology.
Of these, dm-i, which is power-based, is super-low-oiled, and dm-p, which is super-power and absolute, has been upgraded four times since then. The first generation of dm hybrid systems, dm1.0, was marketed in 2008 and boarded to the car type F3dm. New technologies for the car market were introduced into the plug-in hybrid system, resulting in three driving models: pure electricity, increment, mixing.
Launched in 2014, energy-efficient transition performance-led under a generation-three-drive model. Dm3.0 was launched in 2018, on board the Tang family, with the addition of bsg power units based on a two-generation pattern, matching engine speed with speed, block speed, reducing clutch slides, and making the driving experience smoother. dm4.0 was launched in June 2020, including dm-i, dm-p.
The big platform strategy, which focuses on economic and dynamic technologies, was first released in 2020, dm in 2008 and the first released in 2008.
It was first released in 2018, on f3dm, on the Tang family.
Dm-i enhances the economy of mixing, and the key technology for each component is owned by the company. dm-i super-mixed core parts package
These core components and key technologies are developed entirely by the company itself. They are distributed separately from the dm1.0 power sets, the dm-i super-mixed etc.
Using a combination design that integrates electric power, electrical control, transmission, and the loss of electricity as low as 3.8l/100 km, the combined range is over 1,200 km, the 100 km acceleration time is 2-3 seconds shorter than the same fuel vehicle, and the whole is more economical than the previous generation, based on balancing power demand. The new generation of dm-i technology is carried to Qinpus, Songplus, Tang 3 dm-i.
In the super-mixed pattern, the “three arrows” are on the market, i.e., sales are hot. Figure 15: Three generations of dm technical products. Figure 16: Biadidm-i supermix structure
The dm-p supermixed four-drive structure is used as the main selling point for the pursuit of performance. The dm-p supermixed cores contain bsg power, power drive, backbridge power, double-coupled converter boxes, engines drive the front axis through a double-ion-concorded converter and charge the battery through a bsg powerer, while the main driver drives the rear axis directly.
The latest release of the year, the Handm-phan Four Flagship (double power) carries 37.5 kwher specialized blade battery with a total motor power of 360 kw, with a total torque of 675 m, 0-100 km/h acceleration time of 3.7 seconds, a pure electrical renewal of 202 km, and a 100-km electricity loss of 5.2 litres, which is known as a hybrid car strategizing product. Handm issues a ten-hour pre-sale order.
2.e Platform: Pure power technology leads, infiltrates young tide consumers, sold in 2011 and launched a new e platform in 2018, with products such as Yuanev, Donev, Qinproev, etc.
Product, launch e-platform 3.0 in 2021, the new platform not only further integrates and standardizes core parts, but also constructs a new body structure, electronics, and a vehicle operating system bydos, which enables power companies to achieve stronger autopilots and faster product rotation.
Figure 17: Biade platform development history, the first eight in the world, first-time wired electric cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time electric cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time electric cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time electric cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars, first-time cars.
Drives a triad, a high pressure triad, a market for innovative energy cars, a controller, a screen, a battery.
e Platform 2.0 proposes the slogan "33111" for high integration features to enhance product competitiveness.e Platform 2.0 for "33111" means that the design "3+3" is used, i.e., the power control + machine + decelerator set becomes the power-drive triad, obc, dc-dc, pdu is high.
Triple pressure, with product characteristics such as high integration, efficiency and safety, with three “1” meaning multiple controllers, smart screens and high performance batteries, with reduced overall costs and simplified manufacturing processes, optimized compared to platform e1.0 efficiency. Figure 18: Biade platform concept map 2.0 “33111”
e Platform 3.0 carries "smart genes" with smart, efficient, safe, and aesthetic advantages. e Platform 3.0 has four major domain controllers under a new electronic and electrical structure and auto operating systems developed autonomously by dos. In terms of efficiency, branded new heat pump technology, power-driven systems upgraded to 8-to-1 modules, with a combined efficiency of more than 89%.
At the same time, the pool builds a purely electrical, secure transmission path, taking full advantage of the integration advantage. In aesthetic terms, the e-platform 3.0 model uses new car-style aesthetics with shorter forwards, longer axes, lower focus, more space. 3. The new platform is under way, the Dynasty + Ocean network is well-structured, and the corporate product matrix is enriched.
In recent years, Biadi has been consolidating the advantages of car electricization, taking into account the consumer’s multi-dimensional demand for consumption, and accelerating the shift in products towards intelligence and web connectivity. In the area of passenger cars, the company is market-oriented, focused on its customers, and the technology of dm mixes and e platforms has been introduced continuously, including Qindm, Dondm, Songev, Yuanev, e2, Yuanpro, Qinplus.
In the case of electric intelligence transformation, in April 2022, the company announced a complete stop to the entire production of fuel trucks. The product line under the flag will focus on two routes: pure electricity and electrical plug-in. In the future, the company will continue to refine the new energy vehicle production matrix, building on two main channels: the Dynasty and Oceannet, to provide consumers with better products and services.
The Royal Dynasty Network, a matrix of products for the full range of products, has surrounded the mid-end high-end markets. Currently, the Biadi “Dynamite” network, which is dominated by technical leadership and extreme performance experience, is the main force point for high-end markets in the company's layout. The “Dynasty Network” consists of five major series of vehicles, Qin, Han, Tang, Song, 25 vehicles in total.
Three types of cars, suv, and mpv. Specifically in the area of new energy cars, the company sells 13 units of pure electric vehicles, covering 93 million yuan in price range; and sells 11 units of hybrid powered vehicles, covering 100,000 to 300,000 yuan in price range.
Evgen Joseph Egggaunbiadi, using the key words “Impression”, “Technology”, and “Culture” as a combination of local Chinese elements, outlined the "dragonface" pre-face model in 1.0, 2017, which was first used to design beauty in dragon-glossy cars, somax went on the market and received fire orders. Since 2019, the design concept of the dragonface has evolved, and it has been applied to Song.
Pro, Songplus, Hanev, among others, have unique and beautiful designs that feel consumer appreciation, gradually refreshing consumer awareness of Biadi's branding and style features. Currently, Dragonface has become a family-based design language in the Biadi “Dynamy” series, applied to all the models in the series, further improving product recognition.
Table 6: The evolution and application of the design concept of the dragonface, the application of the model of the vehicle, some restoration of the sensed
The front face has a hexagonal grid that plates through the whole horizontal front face using a ladder into the gas grid, gt designing elements, using the hidden.
Edge round corner. With a 1.0 line, it's modified into a segmented strip with a horizontal plating line, sharp.
The hidden doorknobs and the droplets, the design concept, compared to the internal horizontal plating lines, are grouped by four bars of 2.0.
A matrix light, like a one-shaped rear-view mirror, reduced by five to four, increased by six, kept as a whole.
The wind barrier created by the vortex is more air-spaced, less wind-retarded. The atmosphere is in style. The new generation of dm technology products is being rolled out, with performance and price advantage directly hitting the pain point of the consumption of the mixed product.
At the end of the year, Adi introduced three major vehicles, Qinplusdm-i, Songplusdm-i and Tangdm-i, for $1118-15.18 million, $15.28-21.68 million, $19.58-2228 million, respectively. At the performance level, Biadidm-i products use super-efficient eks and the first global dm-i super-mixing special power type, direct flow chargers, etc.
Core components, with a maximum heat efficiency of 43.03% of the cloud-plugged 1.5l high-efficiency engine, raising the mileage of the new energy vehicle to over 1,000 km. In the suv mix, there is a clear advantage in energy saving for other models that are less than the consumption of electric oil than for the other models that are at the same level. In addition, Biadi's three dm-i are in the same category as for other vehicles.
The price advantage is that the price of Qin plusdm-i is lower than the price of Tee Hauglphev, Toyota Carola double-e+ and Honda, while the price of the same fuel trucks as the Japanese and the general population is at the same level, effectively addressing the premium on hybrid and the same fuel trucks, which rose by 620 per cent in April of the year and is on the top 10 times in the Chinese market for the sale of a class of cars.
Figure 21: Bialdi Qinplusdm-i compares prices to the same class of vehicles (millions of dollars) Figure 22: Bialdi Qin plusdm-i sales (car) break through high-end markets with “Han” as a target, and the ability to continue with intelligent configuration has a competitive advantage over the same-priced competition.
In July 2020, Adhihan was launched at the mid- and high-end markets of more than $200,000, and the purchase price range for each model is at $21.3 million. As the company’s first car with a blade battery, Biadihan has a higher safety and energy density, with four high-performance versions of Hanev’s 100-km acceleration reaching 3.9 s. In the area of intelligence, Han took the lead in carrying a dilink3.0 smart network.
It also has smart products such as the Dipilot Smart Driving Auxiliary System, the 5-g-Danna Smart Music Console Upgrade Package, which is designed to create soft, hardware innovation, a human-car-life-social-interconnected ecology that allows users to travel safely, comfortable, energy-efficient, and efficiently. In 2021, Beadihan had six single-month sales of 10,000, with a cumulative total of more than 117,000 vehicles sold throughout the year.
In the future, the company will be working with Mercedes to build the X vehicle, and the introduction of high-end brands is expected to open up the price ceiling, enabling companies are expanding their markets at the middle and upper end.
To meet the diverse consumption needs of consumers in response to the diversified development of the new energy market, Biadi launched the Ocean Net in November 2021. Compared to the business-oriented design concept of the dynasty series, the Oceannet product is a much younger location.
Warship series with "dm-i super-mixing" technology. The former focuses on pure sedans, with a greater focus on "comfort values, new security, new efficiency, new intelligence, new experience" and the latter on hybrid models, mainly fast, short, quiet, smooth, green, and covering sedan, suv and mpv.
Based on the concept of "sea aesthetic" design, the first car, the Dolphin, is a powerful leader in the 100,000-grade pure electricity market. The first dolphin, in August 2021, was the first in a series of marine creatures. The whole style of the "sea aesthetic" design was integrated with the concept of "sea aesthetics," with some precision and a great sense of technology.
A combination of graphics creates a dynamic atmosphere for dolphins to swim. In the body space, dolphins have 2,700 mm hyperaxis range, 50 mm longer than a pure electric vehicle of the same grade, 150 mm longer than a fuel vehicle of the same grade, and have a better sense of space experience. In terms of power performance, dolphins are carrying the first eight-in-one power plants in the world, with a combined system efficiency of 89% of the industry.
In terms of intelligence, dolphins are carrying dilink3.0 smart networking systems, a digital-key solution for the global scene, and vtol black technology, which adequately caters for consumer diversity. Dolphin monthly sales have increased since the market, with high sales in March 2022.
A total of 10,448 vehicles, an increase of 248% compared to September 21, continue to be sold. With the future roll-out and listing of seals, gulls, sea lions, it is expected that the hot sales of marine organisms will continue.
a0 class sedan size (mm) 4070*1770*1570
Pure duration mileage (km) 301/405/401 power cell capacity (kwh)
The destroyer 05 creates a new experience of a new generation of a-class cars. The destroyer 05 officially appeared in November 2021 as the first vehicle in the warship series, with a total powered system similar to Qinplusdm-i, with performance parameters largely consistent, with a 100-km acceleration of 7.3 seconds for 120km and 7.9 seconds for 55km and a minimum charger consumption of 3.8l/
But the destroyer 05 is a fine car with a brand-new "sea aesthetic" design, a more dynamic overall model of the vehicle, and a significant increase in product recognition. In terms of intelligence, the vehicle is equipped with the latest Dilink smart network system compared to the Yadi, with a 15.6 inch 8 nuclear self-adaptation to the rotating suspended Pad, and 100% reduction of the mobile phone ecology.
The combination of smart voice, remote control, and long-range upgrades of the whole vehicle ' s ota ' s capabilities is more cost-effective in the same class. According to the 2022 new vehicle plan, the fleet of warships will continue to roll out destroyer 07, cruiser 05/07 (suv), landing ship (mpv), etc., and it is expected that the dm-i product will be distributed differently.
1. The new energy “3-power” bottom technology is self-controllable, power cell loads are located in the country's 1st echelon of companies in the field of phosphate-based lithium batteries, and a solid technological background will continue to underpin the corporate industry.
After master's graduation, he was the General Manager of Shenzhen Beagle Battery Ltd., and resigned in 1995 and founded Biadi, a few years later, leading a team to make the company the country's first and second largest battery-loading producer. With rapid development, the company has developed specialized materials, electrochemistry, power cell technology development and process research.
In the face of the technology-intensive industry of new energy vehicles, the company has precisely captured the tide of development, has consistently adhered to the technical route of phosphate, has made safety the cornerstone of the development of new energy vehicles, and has reduced the ability of phosphate lithium batteries and tri-dollar batteries by folding the idea of blade batteries.
The power cell technology is advanced, with a second-higher load in the domestic market, and is well advanced. In the power cell area, the battery technology uses ctp technology, compared to conventional power cells, with an internal capacity increase of about 60%.
In 2021, the domestic power cell market in Biadi was 16.2 per cent, with the second highest capacity, after the Ningde era; the first quarter of 2022 was 10.41gwh, with the city increasing to 20.31 per cent.
With regard to the upstream battery raw materials, the company has deployed high-quality resources related to batteries such as aluminum, aluminium plastic film, diaphragms and electrolytic fluid additives; in the area of downstream car manufacturing, the company ' s blade battery programme has achieved fast-loading applications with full coverage of pure electric vehicles.
With the company ' s active deployment of power cell capacity, 17 production bases have been built or planned, such as Qing Haixin (24gwh), Hye (2gwh), Shenzhen Park (14gwhh), Chongqing Hill (45gwhh), Xian Gaozh (50gwhh), Chang Shaning Town (20gwhh), Guiyang (20gwh) in Guizhou, and Amak port (20gwhh), with a combined capacity of well over 400gwhh and a joint venture with Chang An.
The construction of 10gwh, along with a gas production base, is expected to continue to consolidate and strengthen market size advantages in the future. In addition, the Ferdi battery has opened up for outlet and has begun to supply batteries to Ford, a car company like one, with Haffh6 and Weipei latte, etc. Hev models in the Wall.
2. The semiconductor industry chain has clear advantages, and the extended development of the sustainable enabling industry is imminent, with the release of the Biadi semiconductor ipo, which is expected to break through the auto regulation semiconductor autonomous control process. The Biadi semiconductor is a fully-owned subsidiary established by Biadi in October 2004 and is mainly engaged in power semiconductors, smart controlic, intelligent sensors,
On May 12, 2022, the SEC published the Biadi Semiconductor Registration Questions, which indicate that the Biadi Semiconductor is only one step away from being listed on the plate of an in-depth venture. The semiconductor is listed on the market.
The landing results of the Yadi splitting strategy will effectively broaden the financing of semiconductor operations, promote their independence and rapid development, and promote product visibility, leverage the advantage of the original car code semiconductor, and take advantage of the large light television history system, which is being promoted by the rapid development of new energy vehicles for automobiles.
Quantum Management System (MSS) is itself a product-based, immuno-positioning special.
English pressure emitters cioserhosledarsh leder
Medically illusive system smsmouse bmbafeor
Mos Ground Management System, 79-year-old missionary innovation system
The Biadiigbt industrial chain is complete, breaking the igbt international monopoly. Car regulation igbt is the core vehicle of the electric vehicle reverse, controlling the direct, interactive transformation of the drive system, deciding on core indicators such as the torque of the electric vehicle and maximum output power; in hybrid vehicles, the matching of the power and engine is adjusted to enable the vehicle to achieve the desired driving status under the hybrid mode.
In the manufacture of source cars, the igbt is about half the cost of the power drive system, which accounts for 15-20% of the cost of the whole vehicle, meaning that the igbt accounts for 7-10% of the cost of the whole vehicle and is the second-highest cost component in addition to the battery. In addition, the igbt is one of the core components of the new energy charger, which accounts for 20% of the cost of the charge.
It's more complex, requiring a standard-scale igbt indicator for vehicles than other electrical products, which used to be monopolized by international suppliers, such as British flyers. Biadi owns the country's first car igbt to build chains, including the design of the igbt chip, crystal-crystal manufacturing, modular encapsulation, etc., as well as simulation tests and whole-of-car tests. Biadi's electrons, by virtue of having the advantage of owning the end of new energy products, use the igbt in cars.
The rapid rise of the field, the acquisition of more than 20% of the market in China’s igbt vehicle use through the carriage of Biadi’s car products, and the gradual supply of supplies to the outside world, is expected to continue in the future in the process of replacing the national production of new energy vehicles.
By 2020, the company “Freddy” was formally established, including five parts companies, showing that its supply system is shifting from closure to open supply, and that spare parts operations are independent in order to increase the pace of development.
Reacting to external competition, which in turn allows “anti-feeding” parent companies to enhance their economies' economies of scale, capacity to manage costs, mothers, children, performance of companies and analysis of key financial indicators, (i) good performance and increased investment in research and development
By the end of 2021, the size of the company’s total assets had been resonant by multiple factors, such as higher prices for upstream raw materials, and the company’s profitability had been stressed. In recent years, competition in the industry had increased and the company’s profitability had been pressured as the growth of the passenger market slowed.
Compared to other comparable companies, the company’s Māori rate is higher and the net interest rate is renewable. In terms of Māori, the power, the operational advantages and broad layout of the battery and semiconductor fields effectively support Bíadi’s Mäori rate, which reached Bíadi’s Mäori rate in 2021.
13.02 per cent, higher than comparable companies ' one-breeding (10.07 per cent), and Jianghua (8.17 per cent) and Hiroshima (7.92 per cent), and lower than the Great Wall (16.16 per cent). With regard to net interest rates, in 2021, in the context of high R & D inputs, the net interest rate for Biadi was 1.84 per cent, lower than comparable companies ' one-breeding (3.95 per cent), Hiroshima (9.84 per cent) and Long Wall (4.93 per cent), and higher than Jiang Huai.
Cars (0.03%), which are expected to be largely associated with the fall of new energy subsidies, the uphill phase of corporate sales and the relatively high level of research and development inputs, have reduced the dependence of companies on government subsidies. Companies have received government subsidies for the development of new energy vehicles, lithium battery development, etc., and the total amount of subsidies received by companies has been rising as industry expands and sales rises.
In terms of the share of government subsidies in total profits, the company’s profitability was relatively weak in 2015 and before, and government subsidies, which accounted for the gains and losses in the period, were higher in terms of total pre-tax profits; since 2018, the company’s business development has improved in quality and profitability.
Reliance on government subsidies is declining, and we expect that, with the combination of higher-end vehicle patterns, higher capacity utilization and better control of costs, corporate profit rates will soon turn upward.
Figure 37: BJD’s sales costs are lower than their counterparts, and companies value the continuous empowerment of R&D inputs for business development. Compared to other car companies, BJD is more diversified in terms of R&D layout, including, among other things, the improvement of the battery’s entire industry chain, orbital transport products, etc.
New-energy car smartness competitions are increasing, and high levels of R & D investment help companies maintain technological edges and strengthen their leadership. Compared to comparable firms, the share of R & D investment in business income is moderate, leaving some room for firms to invest more in R & D.
Corporate research and development has been increasing, and technological advantages have been developing. The annual amounts of Biadi patents from 2010 to 2020 are far higher than the number of Super Walls, Chang-Ann, Guang-Bang, etc., with an average growth rate of 17.74% over the period, covering a number of technical areas such as new energy vehicles, separation and blending, wireless communications, electrical components and structural components. Biadi has always insisted on key components.
Autonomous R & D, technological and innovation capabilities are increasing, and the market position of company leaders of new energy vehicles will be strengthened as the trend towards “new quadrupling” of cars continues. (ii) The overall performance is good, with an increase in upstream and downstream capacity.
The number of working days payable has improved and the asset-liability ratio has stabilized. In terms of operating capacity, the number of working days due from companies has decreased significantly over the past five years, reflecting the stronger liquidity of corporate receivables and the stronger downstream capacity to account for receivables, while the simultaneous increase in working days of accounts payable indicates a stronger upstream capacity of companies, more efficient use of liquidity and, in general, supply by enterprises
The company's asset-liability rate has been good and its solvency has improved steadily over the past four years. Figure 44: Biadi's asset-liability rate has declined steadily and is in a relatively healthy zone. Figure 43: Biadi's accounts receivable, accounts payable and working capital have all developed better.
(iii) Annual increases in cash flows, the quality of operations, the quality of the company's operations over the past five years, and significant improvements in the quality of its operations. Net cash flows from company operations in 2021 amounted to $6,546.7 million, an increase of 44.2 per cent compared with the year 2020.
The company is the country's leading auto-autonomous brand, deep-ploughing new energy vehicles, core three-power technology autonomously controlled, up-and-down layouts continuously expanded, and the advantages of the entire industry chain gradually emerged.
The energy car development dividend continues to be released, the company’s product power and brand influence are gradually recognized in the market, the production capacity is expanding in an orderly fashion, and the pattern of production and sales is expected to continue. The scale effects of product sales and sales are gradually becoming apparent, the loss of new energy vehicles has largely reversed, and the company’s profitability is expected to continue to improve and performance improves over time.
The risks posed by the new coronary epidemic: the new coronary epidemic has caused disruptions in logistics transport, delays in the resumption of work, etc., and has had some impact on the sale of company products and on the supply of upstream supplies. The risks to the industrial chain caused by the shortage of car chips: shortages in vehicle chip production and transport due to the impact of the epidemic, companies
There is a risk that smart product upgrading will not work as well as expected, and production capacity will be limited. The higher prices of raw materials lead to higher costs: higher prices for large upstream commodities, and the risk of upward pressure on the cost of products such as corporate power cells, cars, etc.
There is a risk of less than expected sales of new energy vehicles as durable consumer goods, influenced by a variety of factors, such as policy-driven, disposable income, and changes in the macroeconomic situation. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report, and is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.