Biadebyd (002594ch) proposes to buy back shares for the employee holding scheme and to work with the horizon to reach a fixed point on the horizon.
Barneyyao oscarwang, hot speed review flashanalysis.
(pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) Biadi proposes to buy back shares for the employee holding scheme, thereby demonstrating the company’s long-term confidence. The company announces that it intends to buy back the company’s sharesa shares with its own funds of $1.8885 billion, with a repurchase price not exceeding $300 per share, corresponding to a return of no less than 6-6.17 million shares, or 0.206 per cent of the company’s current total equity.
At the same time, the company issues a draft staff-holding plan for 2022, which includes the Director of Staff Representations of the Department, senior managers, and mid-level managers of the Biadi Group, core cadres of staff, for a total of no more than 12,000 people, at a concession price of 0 yuan/unit, with no funding for the participants. The target shares held in the scheme are unlocked in three phases of 12/24/36 months, at 30/30/40 per cent per period.
We believe that this buy-back will not only facilitate the establishment and completion of good benefit-sharing mechanisms for companies to bring the personal interests of their employees and the interests of their shareholders closer together, to highlight the company's continued confidence in its long-term value and to achieve firm-point cooperation between shareholders and the horizon to further advance the nationalization of car-class chips. The Horizon logo announces that the Biadey and Horizon are formally agreed on 21 April.
By doing so, the company will be using the Horizon Automated Driving Chip Race 5 on some of its models, with a more robust autopilot and arithmetic to build a more competitive one-size-fits-all approach. Biadi will be the first vehicle to be carrying the five-chips of the Horizon, and the horizon is expected to be launched in mid-2023. As the world’s new energy flagship, Biadi will complete its strategy for the horizons of automobile intelligence firms in March 2021.
Investments, and strategic cooperation between the two sides to promote the development of smart driving technologies and their landings. According to the Horizon Network, the Horizon is the first technology firm in China to launch a car code-based ai chip and produce a quantity. Its third-generation accelerator drive, with a maximum capacity of 128 tops, supports 16 route cameras, and supports the need for multisensor integration, prediction, and planning controls for autopilots.
We believe that this deep collaboration is expected to advance the process of national production of car chips, that Biadi's autopilot capabilities are expected to rise to a breakthrough, and that the production of a national 100tops-grade chip will be launched in the Biadi semiconductor with a new set of eight mcus, which will continue to enrich the mcu matrix. In March 2022, Biadi semiconductor announced the launch of a new car code.
8-bit mcubs9000amx series and full-scale open client application development project. According to Biadi network, the bs9000amx series uses 1t s8051 kernel, single-direction clock cycle, with a main frequency of up to 24mhz, can be applied to a wide range of car electron scenes, such as car interior lamps, atmosphere lights, door handles, air conditioners touch panels, sensors applications, bldc electrical controls, etc.. The advantage of the bs9000amx series is that they are faster than industrial competitions.
The product is more resourceful, significantly reducing the cost and complexity of automobile software, and creating smarter and more secure chip solutions. We believe that the introduction of a new series of mcu will strengthen the company’s domestic leadership and facilitate the company’s progress toward higher targets in the car regulation mcu market.
I'm sorry, gentlemen, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Webelievathatsrepurchasewilnotonlyhelp thecompanytoestalishandimprovethebenefit-sharingmechanism, and closelyintgratethepersonsinterestsofempleswiththeinterestsofthecompanyandshareholders, butalosododestrate thecompany'scontinedconfidenceinitslong-termvalueanditsdeterminationtomaximiseshareds'interests.
The companywill equipsometsupcomingmodels worrizon's'autonous-divingchipjourney5.
Autonomousdrinding performancecomputingpower, creatingamorecompetitiveintegratedsoluctionordriveningand parking.bydwillbe thefirststautomakerothioethioethorizonjourney5chip, andhorizonexpectsthefirstbymoddeled_aid-2023.astheworld'slednevcompany, bydwillcompletetsstratetechnication
Intheautomotiveintelligenterprisehorizonmarch 2021, andreachastrateccipoperationpetweentweetwomenstojointly promoteer and dandimplementationofentigentdrevendechnology.accordingtohorizon'sofficialwebsite, horizonis thefirsttechnologycompanpypanyinchininatolaunchautotomotive-gradeaichipsandachiemasdaction.itstird-generation
Automotive-gradechip, juurney5, hasasingleipuddingpowerupupto128tops, reports 16-channelcameraperception computation, andsupportsmulti-sensorfusion, predactionandplanningconformationsforautomousdriveding.according toofweekstatistics, thejourney5chiphaswonthecoperationentionoffmanyototoutotakakerssuchassic, greatwall, jac, i.e.
Autu, Changan, byd, hozonauto, voyahandsoon.Webelievethatthein-deptcooperationexpedtofurmote the localizationofautototive-gradechips, byd'sautonomousdrividatingcapacitationpedtousherinabreakthroughimprovement, andtheeraofmassproductionofdommestic100tops-gradechipswillfinalfinalcome.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's perfected; the progressof technologyr and disnotasexped.
Appendix appendix