Researchchand developmentcenter, the king of the new energy age.
Biyadi's in-depth report, thick and thin, the kings of the new energy age have accumulated over the years and have become a new energy vehicle. The company was founded in 1995 to operate on a mobile phone.
Home, gradually growing into a home-grown new-energy automobile leader. Cars, cellular parts and a second-filled Biadi (002594), the first company in the world to officially declare a halt in the production of fuel cars, stopped in 2021.
1) Automobile operations: From 2003 to 2007, Biadi launched a self-researched fuel carf3; from 2008 to 2015, the model of s6, s7, m6 was introduced, and the market was improved. The model of cars like Qin and Tang was rolled out, and the hybrid technology was gradually matured; from 2016 to 2020, the push was pushed.
(ii) Batteries and electronics: power cell operations from closed operations to full supply;
5g machine-style change, the rise of state goods, leading to the development of the mobile phone assembly industry; the company is the country's largest car coder, the igbt chip company, which plans to split up Biadey's semiconductor business, and the chip production is expected to accelerate the process of making new cars and cutting-edge technology.
Up to 4.0 with a more human experience; 2) Deep-cultivated lithium development blade batteries: "Knife cells" were launched in 2020 to increase energy density. Corporate power cells were created as stand-alone brands of Freddy batteries for strategy to move forward. 3) Integrated production of industrial chain ecology: Biadi has a whole set of "triple power" technologies.
Artistic, standardized, modular design using unique e-platforms has significantly enhanced vehicle performance and reduced costs. 4) Inventive vehicle-type development and rich product matrix: a famous design master has been introduced, the Biadi Global Design Centre has been built, and a multi-level product matrix of dynasty, ocean series has been built.
5) It is expected that the fuel truck market will be subverted by leading hybrid technology: the dm4.0 technology released in January 2021 has increased and dropped in the last month (%) with the multiple advantages of speed, economy, quiet, smoothness and green, with the potential to destabilize the traditional fuel truck market.
Millions of dollars, which is a lot of room for improvement today. Given the high rate of growth in corporate performance and good competitiveness, risk factors are: less than expected in the production and delivery process, large fluctuations in the prices of raw materials, new-energy automobile sales, and Sunda S.A.
The market doesn't think there's much room for a hybrid car market like dm-i, and we think the company uses technology and slogans to open the market and mix it up.
In terms of cost, the company dm-i effectively boosts the power and promotes the downswing of the entire vehicle, and the fuel-related model competes with the traditional fuel vehicle. In terms of experience, the company dm-i technology continues to overlap, and the fourth generation dm-i technology breaks through the traditional oil-based mix, with super-safe faces.
Quantified batteries, high-performance high-efficiency power generators, fast, short, quiet, smooth, green driving experiences.
The company was founded in 1995 and took over 40% of the world ' s nickel and cadmium market in 1998, and then expanded its operations from cellular batteries to surrogates; in 2003, the acquisition of the Qincheon car was officially launched in the automobile industry; in 2005, the first Biadi car was released, F3, and in 2008, with battery technology.
In 2014, a strategy of 542 was launched to redefine vehicle standards in terms of performance, safety, and fuel consumption; a pure e-platform solution was launched in 2018; a high-end flagship car, Han, was launched in 2020; and a hybrid platform, dm4.0, was launched in 2021.
The company’s current brand of dynasty, ocean, and the announcement of the cessation of the production of the entire car in March 2022 became the world’s first officially declared cessation of the production of the fuel truck. The company’s stock prices have fluctuated, and the company’s history has been the biggest in the last two years.
Equity prices have risen considerably. Since 2020, the global market for new energy vehicles has accelerated, European sales have erupted under subsidized policies, while domestic penetration of new energy vehicles has risen, companies have introduced “Han” as a high-quality model, actively taking over the market, and corporate stock prices are rising considerably.
In March 2020, Biadi officially announced its establishment, and the new company will further accelerate the external sale of core parts of new energy vehicles, namely, Fodie Battery Ltd. and Fodie Visual.
Fordy will be more independent and autonomous in its operations, marking an increase in Biadi’s strategy for opening up from 1.0 to 2.0. Automobile operations have fluctuated, and Māori rates have been affected by raw materials in recent years.
The company’s overall revenue of cars has fluctuated, while its sales of new energy vehicles have increased significantly and faster in the last two years. The year has been more explosive, rising by 44%. With regard to the Māori rate, the mobile phone business is similar to that of the car plate, the price of 21 years of commodity prices has put some cost pressure on the company, and Māori has fallen slightly in 21 years.
3) Secondary charger battery business: company power cells have gradually shifted their supply from previous periods, and production capacity has continued to expand. On the fluorescent side, they rely on “double carbon” policy support to accelerate the deployment of new technologies and enhance product competitiveness.
In 2021, demand for the battery industry erupted with a rapid growth in the downstream new energy vehicle, with companies experiencing a 36 per cent increase in second-loading operations. In 21 it fell to 11.9 per cent due to a larger increase in raw materials such as lithium carbonate upstream.
Management remains stable. At the same time, companies actively promote equity incentives and further mobilize corporate motivation. In April 2020, companies introduced the 2020 Equity Incentives Plan for directors, senior managers, core cadres, etc. of their subsidiaries, Biadi Semiconductor Limited, granting no more than 30,19760 Biadi semiconductor equity options, accounting for Biadi Half.
In the 21st century, with the rise of China's “accession” economy, the domestic car market has grown rapidly and gradually become a world.
This period was accompanied not only by the acceleration of the arrival of major foreign firms, but also by the rise of Chinese auto ownership brands, including Biadi. The company started as a mobile worker in Shenzhen, gradually growing into a new energy vehicle in the country from 2000 to the present, with four main stages in the development of the country’s automobile industry:
1) 2000-2010: With the rapid growth of the Chinese economy and the rise of the middle class, car sales grew rapidly from 2.08 million in 2000 to 1.84 million in 2010. In terms of brand brands, the market is divided into luxury, common joint and autonomous brands, which are still generally in the stage of car creation by imitation, and bicycles.
In 2005, company f3 was listed as the top sales list. In 2008, the company officially released its first double-model electric vehicle, f3dm, a global first plug-in hybrid power vehicle. Figure 9: Annual sales of Chinese cars (millions) in 2000-2021
2) 2010-2016: China ' s automobile market entered a period of steady growth, from 18.4 million in 2010 to 2,794 million in 2016, with a compound growth rate of 8%. This stage of automobile market development is characterized by two features. First, diversification, with some Chinese consumers starting to look at cars other than the three-cars in the compact stage, and the suv is quickly favoured.
In 2010, Biadi went to the market with its first suv-Byadis6. In the case of new energy vehicles, starting in 2009, the Chinese government introduced a policy of “ten cities, thousands” of new energy vehicles, and the industry began to grow.
In the early stages, the new energy vehicles are mainly in the commercial sector. In the 2012 Beijing Car Fair, Bialdi Qin, with its combined dm 2.0 power, was placed on the market in 2013) 2016-2020: during this period, China’s motor market was characterized by, among other things, first, reduced lifts, mainstream convergence.
Car sales slowed; luxury brands sunk and sales rose; and second, new energy cars entered the household on a large scale, with penetration rates steadily rising after several subsidy drops. Byadi officially launched dm3.0 and a new e platform in 2018 through the Don, Qin 2-generation model.
4) 2020-present: As governments in Europe, Japan, and Korea accelerate the transformation of electric power, the new energy automobile industry has accelerated. China has some pre-eminences and size advantages, markets have erupted, and the penetration rate of new energy vehicles has risen from 6.2% in 2020 to 15.5% in 2021.
Optimization continues; on the software, there is a trend towards platforming and standardization. In 2020, Biadi “Han” was listed for sale at a price of more than 200,000, the first of which was a pure electric flag in a high-end market, a mid-class sedan.
II. Biadi ' s historical products are uniquely featured in the 2.1 redisk company ' s auto product development history 2.1.1 Biadif3 fire-shocked sedan market, with the first-generation phosphate lithium battery technology (2003-2007)
In 2005, Biadi officially launched its self-researched fuel truck, Biadef3. In 2003, Biadi acquired a license to manufacture cars at the Qincheon Motors Factory. In 2005, it launched its autonomously developed fuel unit, F3,f3, using Mitsubishi 4g18 motors, equipped with Led self-generated luminous instrumentation, 10-to-motivated dive seats, monodiscdcd machines, and high security.
F3 immediately after the success of the compact sedan market, Biadi started the development of new and additional cars, launching F3r (f3 in two) and F6. Chinese consumers have always preferred large-sized cars, while the middle-class car market is almost jointly financed.
F6 as a low-end medium vehicle is the beginning of the Biadi medium vehicle market. In addition, in 2006, the first F3e electric vehicle with phosphate batteries in Biadi was successfully developed. 2.1.2 dual-mixing technology from birth to maturity, with a vehicle-type segmenting market layout improving (2008-2015)
In 2008, Biadi officially released its first double model (the two models of pure electricity and oil mix) electric car f3dm, which is also a global first plug-in hybrid vehicle. The first generation dm (mixed) technology that was developed autonomously on f3dm was put into practice for the first time by Biadi, which used a two-voltage chain and a combined structure with a phosphate lithium battery, which is primarily fuel-based when battery power is available.
Power cells are powered directly to electric motors, powered by generators, power to motors or motors and motors when power is not available. However, the technical characteristics and the limitations of the battery supply chain at the time made the system costly and ultimately failed to produce and deliver large quantities.
The rise of suv was a huge blow to the Chinese automobile market around 2010, with companies listed their first suv-Biyadis6. S6 is a high-end autonomous suv, with 100,000 sales prices, and the autonomous suv-type cinnamon is removed from the market less than six months ago. In 2014, Biadi was listed as a fully upgraded medium-sized suv-Biyadis7.
With regard to the other fuel vehicle markets, Biadi launched the first mpv in 2010 — Biadem6 — 2012 Biyadi sharp (a+ class sedan) — 2013 on the market Biyadis sharp (b-class flagship car) — the pattern was phased out in 2009 with China launching a “10 city thousand” campaign and new energy entering the early stages of development.
It also opened the scene of a series of dm2.0-powered Biadets, which was marketed in 2013. Qin’s 100-km acceleration was only 5.9 s, and its model was new, with a pre-sale price close to 200,000, and the end price after the actual subsidy was 100,000.
First, it marks the beginning of a completely new phase in the design of Biadi’s car, also thanks to the collaboration between Biadi and Daimler “Technology for Design” in 2011. Second, the higher price of Biadi’s Qin, which subverts the consumer’s stereotypes of electric cars, became the annual champion of new energy cars in 2014.
According to the data published by the Ministry of Information and Communications, in 2014, 545,000 new energy vehicles were produced by vehicles, of which 16,700 were powered by mixed power. Biadi Qin accounted for 27 per cent of the new energy vehicles and 88 per cent of the plug-in model. Thirdly, Qin was the beginning of the Biadi dynasty series and was a success of the Biadim 2.0 technology. dm2.0 technology had power, electricity, etc.
With the success of Qin, Biadi’s idea of making new energy sources became clear, using hybrid, electric high performances to capture the pains of consumers, and realizing the attributes of the luxury car at a reasonable price. On April 20, 2014, Biadi was at the Beijing Car Fair.
For the first time, the “542” strategy was released, redefining vehicle standards in terms of performance, safety, and fuel consumption. Within 5 km, 4 x 4 km of full-time electricity and 2 x 2 litres of fuel. In 2015, the first vehicle of the Biadi “542” strategy, the medium-sized suvbyadi “Don”, was officially listed, and it was a three-gauge double-mode 4xsuv, with 100 km acceleration.
Only 4.9 seconds, with an accelerator power of 4x4 and a 100-km fuel consumption of 2 litres, during this period, Biadei 's 6s, s7s caught the wind of the suv 's rise, and the fuel truck 's pattern was broken down and market layout improved. In terms of new energy, the launch of the 542 strategy, the success of Qin and Tang, led to an "economic plus performance"
2.1.3 A full-scale increase in electric layouts, the rise of three-dollar lithium batteries and the move of platforme towards integration (2016-2020) 2016 is an important node in the history of the development of new energy vehicles. The main applications of new energy vehicles until 2016 are commercial use and the era of phosphate lithium.
At the same time, car manufacturers such as Amer, Pelican, Ideas and others were set up in the period 2014-2015, marking the dawn of a new energy-borne era. The phosphate lithium batteries that Yadi is good at are less energy-densities than three-dollar batteries, while the phosphate lithium batteries are not.
Ctp, blade batteries, etc., have improved the energy density, showing a decline in the cycling age, emphasizing the ability to continue. Biadi, while maintaining the advantage of the phosphate lithium battery, gradually entered the tri-dollar battery, and in 2017, all of Biadi's plugged-in car batteries were replaced with three-dollar batteries. But Biadi has not abandoned the phosphate lithium battery technology, but has been doing so for a long time.
By 2017, the cumulative sales of Biadi's new energy vehicle had broken 300,000 vehicles and its sales of 11.27 million vehicles in 2017, an increase of 15% compared to the previous year. In car design, Biadi has also been working hard to meet the demands of a new generation of consumers for a more personalized car look and interiors.
In 2016, Biadi introduced Wolfgang Joseph Eger, former Director of Design, as Director General of Global Design, Biadi, Juanmar Lopez, former Director of Global Appearance Design, in 2018, as Director General of Global Design Design, and in 2019 as former Senior Designer Mercedes Benz, Michel Paganetti, as Global Designer, Biadi.
In 2019, the Biadi Global Design Center was set up in Shenzhen. So Biadi's product changed from a "technology" one-wheel drive to a "technology plus design" double-wheel drive. In 2018, it was a key node in Biadi's new energy vehicle market.
@Pilot is a pure electrical exclusive platform launched by Biadi, which effectively integrates new energy vehicles into one whole system, such as a three-power, high-pressure triad, and a network of intellectuals, which standardizes parts of new energy vehicles, increases the remaining space available in the vehicle and improves efficiency. Dm3.0, dm3.0, compared to the previous generation, is guaranteed in the same year.
In 2019, Beardi was listed as Songpro, with the power of v, dm, and fuel. In the same year, several vehicles, such as Songmaxev, Donev, pure electric minibus e1, were released, which resulted in an overall acceleration of the electrical layout towards a more sophisticated new energy vehicle.
A new round of expansion began. 2.1.4 “Han” phenomenon-grade sales, blade batteries and dm-i-mixed technology-subversive patterns (from 2020 to the present) China’s new energy car market came to a halt in 2020. The epidemic hit the beginning of the year, and new energy car sales began in the second half of the year.
The national product Teslamodel3 has begun to deliver and become the annual net electric-car sales champion, and the new power of car-making has made the United States stock market possible. Starting in 2016, the three-dollar lithium battery’s share in the power cell market has increased year by year, thanks to its high energy density.
By 2020, Biadi released a blade battery based on lithium phosphate materials, which increased the energy density and reduced the cost by structural changes, allowing it to continue its flight to match the average three-dollar lithium batteries, while at the same time performing a high-stable and safe advantage. Also in 2020, Biadehan was on the market, with a start-up price of over 200,000, which is the first price to be placed in the high-end market by Biadi.
The price of Biadehan is higher than the price of p7 and Teslamodel3 in the new energy car market, and the luxury middle-class cars, such as Odia 4l, BMW 3 and Mercedes C. Compared to the new energy vehicle autonomy, Han is more balanced in terms of continuity, comfort, etc.; and the model3, Han design is more indigenous and space-based.
In contrast to fuel trucks, Han can provide the best performance and maximum space at the same price. Together with blade batteries, which solve the short line of renewal, the market has created a pattern of sales of autonomous branded high-end sedans, fast breaking 10,000 monthly sales in the months following the market, at the top of the pure electric ev ranking.
On the first day of the Shanghai Car Fair in April 2021, the Biade platform 3.0 was officially launched, e platform 3.0 not only integrated and standardized the core parts, but also built a brand-new body structure, electronic structure and vehicle operating system. 1) Mark the new heat pump technology, with the power-driven system upgraded to 8-to-1 modules, with an overall efficiency of 89%.
Cars, zero-percent speeds can reach 2.9s, with a maximum of 1,000 km in the combined range. At the same time, there is 800v flash charge, electric charge, 150 km in five minutes. 100 km power consumption is 10% lower than in the same class, at least uplifted in winter, shorter upfront, longer axle, lower gravity, larger space, low-form dyslexia, wind resistance factor (cd)
In terms of mixing, on 18 June 2020, the Biadi 4-generation dm hybrid power platform was launched, and the dm-p and dm-i dual platform was launched, the dm-p main performance vehicle, and the dm-i matches the economic model. At the same time, 2021 Tangdm-i was listed, with a special turbo-plugged 1.5-ti high-efficiency engine, the ehs mix system and the dm-i super-mixed special power knife type.
Cells are at the core, with oil consumption of up to 5.3l in the state of loss and a combined extension of up to 1050 km, with the China-flagged suv energy efficiency poles. So, the medium-sized suv starts the 5.3l+1050km era. 2.2 Power cell-led product innovation, new business is expanding.
2.2.1 Power cell operations: From closed operations to full-out supply of lithium phosphate batteries, low energy density is short, stable and long-lived compared to three-dollar lithium batteries. In the era of new energy, when cars are mostly commercial, Biadi has been leading the country with the accumulation of technology that he has cultivated for many years in the field of lithium phosphate batteries.
Power cell loads are on the list. Until 2016, when the new energy entered the home on a large scale by car, the more powerful three-dollar lithium batteries gradually became the mainstream technology, and the Ningde era, relying on the large-scale external supply of three-dollar lithium batteries, went beyond Biadi to become a domestic powered battery-loading company in 2017.
Faced with changing market demand, Biadi responded quickly by actively adjusting its layout and thinking: 1) reoriented its technology and replaced its entire vehicle with a three-dollar lithium battery in 2017. 2) The company did not completely abandon the phosphate lithium battery, but planned to technically break through its low energy density defect. 3) Biadi changed the idea that the battery business would be self-financed and began to be supplied gradually.
In 2020, Biadi also officially launched a new generation of lithium phosphate blade batteries, increasing the energy density of the cells, and completing the upgrading of the traditional lithium phosphate batteries through techniques such as stacking. The new generation of blade batteries has reached a level of water level in the regular three-dollar lithium battery. As the blade cells gradually gain market recognition and continue to accelerate supply from Biadi, power cell operations may become the shoulder.
2.2.2 Mobile cellular components and assembly operations: The demand for 5g machine replacements is strong. Biadi has been working as a replacement for cellular components since 2002, and after Biadi's e-marketing in 2007, the business was dominated by Biadi power.
The company provides one-stop services for cellular components and assembly, including the design and production of outer casings, keyboards, liquid crystal display modules, cameras, flexible circuit boards, chargers, etc., as well as whole machine design and assembly services.
Over the last 10 years, the income from mobile phone parts and assembly operations has increased steadily. With the spread of 5g technology, corporate operations are expected to continue to grow: 1) The volume of goods generated by the replacement of 5g machines is expected to continue to be released. 2) The rise of state goods has led to the development of the upstream cellular assembly industry, greater cooperation between Biadey and Hua, and in 2021, at the China Entrepreneurs Forum in Abrali, the Chairman of the Board of Directors told him that China currently has more than 90% of mobile phones.
Metal frames and assemblies are manufactured by Biadi. 2.2.3 Semiconductors and electronic smokes create new profit growth points. 1) Semiconductor operations: Biadi introduced autonomous igbt chips since 2009 to become autonomous, autonomous vehicle development standards in the country
Igbt is a power semiconductor that is a core element in industrial control and automation. The value of the semiconductor in new energy cars is much higher than in conventional fuel cars, and an increase in the penetration of new energy vehicles will create a huge market space for car-class chips. Biadi semiconductor
It is the leading manufacturer of the country’s car code igbt, and product technology has been upgraded, with a brand-new igbt 6.0 chip launched in 2021, reaching international leadership levels. On December 31, 2020, Biadi issued an announcement stating that a controlled subsidiary, Biadi semiconductor, was to be marketed for global steam.
In the broader context of the “deficit” and nationalization of chips in the car industry, as the future Biadi semiconductor business is marketed, chip production capacity 2) e-smoking: Biadi began the layout of the electromagnetization required for e-smoking in 2018 and achieved a breakthrough in ceramic mist technology in the fourth quarter of 2020. Global e-smoking sales increased from $9.27 billion in 2016 to 196.2 in 2020
In the future, with the rapid expansion of the market, the e-smoking business is time-limited.
Auto-intelligentization refers mainly to the role of vehicles as vehicles that break through the tool of a step-by-step and become automatically evolved products that meet the needs of households for diversity, like smartphones. The upgrading of software, hardware and the provision of more functionality and services through the ota (air wireless upgrading) is one of the central features of intelligent cars.
There are generally two categories of ota technology: 1) ota can be classified as solid upgrades (fota) and pure software upgrades (sota) from the upgraded object, where the level of technology is more demanding. 2) From the upgrade level, it can be divided into application-level ota, media-level ota, and whole-carota. The application-level ota is only for in-car media applications, such as navigation, with limited upgrades;
The media-level ota upgrades the built-in control system; the whole ota upgrades all the modules in the car. The era of car intelligence is approaching. “We've entered an era of intelligent change, big revolutions in the automobile industry, first half, and second half.
In April 2018, Biadi released the smart network system dilink, including dipad, di cloud, di eco, and di, four modules. The platform is compatible with mobile phone ecology, while it has a unique car ecology, while the company is open.
Sensors and controls of the system. 2) In July 2019, the company released dilink 2.0, upgrading more applications. 3) In 2020, the company released dilink3.0, dilink3.0, adding a diui module to the original four modules, with high temperature disinfection, express delivery to vehicles, thousands of miles of eye, mobile phone clouda. 4) In 2021, the company released dilink4.0, which is more powerful than at Addison.
The dilink platform is equipped with a unique rotationable screen, with a strong human interaction, functional references, service ecology, etc. Dipilot is a high-level intelligent driving support system for cars launched by the Biadi Smart Network Centre, divided into hardware and software. Hardware is made up of rich sensors: the software aspect is complemented by the didas driving assistive technology and the dtrainer coach model.
The hardware base consists of three high-precision millimetre wave radars on the rear side of the front bumper logo and around the rear bumper; 12 ultrasound radars, of which two are located in the front grid, four in the rear bumper, two in the turnlight decorator, and four automatic parking probes are located on both sides of the front and rear eyebrows of the back bumper; in addition, the vehicle is distributed in the front, sides and back.
A smart-drive high-sense camera and four smart-drive loop cameras to ensure vehicle safety. 3.2 Deep-culturated lithium development blade batteries, which are used for product strategy to keep moving in parallel with three-dollar and phosphate lithium batteries. Lithium phosphate batteries have advantages, and phosphate lithium batteries have a positive impact.
Lithium phosphate (lifepo4) is used in three types of material: nickel (ni), cobalt (co), manganese (mn) or aluminium (al) is used in the three-bit lithium batteries. The three-dollar lithium cells show a higher energy density than the lithium phosphate batteries (longer vehicles continue), but nickel makes it easier to self-fire with less stability at high temperatures (approximately 200°C decomposition temperature), and because they contain rare metal materials.
The cost of three-dollar lithium batteries is also higher than the cost of three-dollar lithium phosphate, which is more sensitive to fluctuations in upstream material prices. By contrast, the phosphate lithium batteries have the advantage of low cost, high thermal stability (about 600°C decomposition temperature) and long electrical life. But the energy density of the phosphate lithium batteries is currently less than that of the three-dollar lithium batteries, which performed less well at low temperatures.
The increase in and excess of the lithium phosphate battery was due mainly to our new energy car subsidy policy and the link to the auto extension mileage, which led to the emergence of a three-dollar lithium battery with a high energy density. Biadi launched the Blade battery, which boosts the energy density. In March 2020, Biadi released the Blade battery, which is one.
The long-cryptp program reduces the thickness of the core and increases the length of the core, which is used as a structure in the battery package, thereby increasing the strength of the entire system. Blade cells are 96 centimetres long, 9 centimetre wide, 1.35 centimetres high, separated in aluminium casings, separated in arrays, and inserted into the battery bag like blades. Blade cells are less molds than conventional lithium phosphate batteries.
Simplified battery connectors, with volume utilization rising from 40% to 60%, and increased battery bag energy density. The first one carries blades, the battery's vehicle, Byadihanev, has reached 605 km in range. In addition, Blade cells, 33 minutes, can charge electricity from 10% to 80%, support 3.9 seconds of Han's 100 km acceleration, cycle power more than 3,000 times.
1.2 million kilometres. On the safety side, during the Bialdi knife battery needle test, the battery had a surface temperature of only 30 to 60 degrees centigrade, and there was no burning or explosion, not even the smoke.
In July 2018, Biadei and Chang-Ann jointly formed the Power Batteries Company, and some of the new energy vehicles started using the power cells jointly developed by the two. In 2019, Biadi set up a fully-owned Fodie Battery, headed by Bill Holong, Vice-President of Biadi.
The product covers consumer 3c batteries, power cells, storage batteries, etc.. For the time being, the Fodie battery has established production bases in Shenzhen, Xian, Qinghai, Chongqing, Changsha, Guiyang, etc., and is scheduled to supply the entire industry through the Fodie battery. Biadi had previously predicted that the total blade battery capacity would reach 75gwh by the end of 2021, with production capacity at the end of 2022 or further up to 100gwh.
Partners already have Ford and Red Flags, and more brands are in the process of communicating. In 2018, President Byadi Wang, in an interview with Bloomberg, said that the battery business would be phased out by the end of 2022, when greater independence would allow companies to expand more external customer resources.
3.3 Integration into the industrial chain ecology Bialdi has achieved a full deployment of vertically integrated production capacity in the new energy sector. 1) Early acquisition of automobile factories by companies to reduce costs through the production of parts and components, self-supply at key points, such as engines and gear boxes. 2) Upstream, in batteries, Biya
De is participating as a strategic contributor in the steady increase of new lithium energy, and as of 2022, the 30,000-ton lithium carbonate project in cooperation with Salt Lake shares is being tested, and the company and the Sichuan Road Bridge, the Kawa Energy Power Joint venture are developing the phosphorite and phosphate lithium projects. 3) Self-production of the igbt and upgrading of the company ' s vehicle-building capacity. 4) Full mastery of tri-electric system technology will enable internal supply.
igbt 2019 Global New Energy Motor Motor Drive Control Market, 19% of companies, ranked first in the company's own production of igbt, self-production of core parts and components of new energy vehicles.
In the electronics area of the company’s official military insignia, the current power semiconductor (igbt) area, the company has access to chip design-crystal manufacturing-modules, and the industrial chain of encapsulation. The igbt has control over direct current power and exchange power conversions, achieves change-frequency control of the power exchange, determines the power torque and maximum output power of the power-driven system, playing an important role in the power-driven controllers of new energy vehicles.
In the igbt module market with motor-drive controllers, the company’s market is 19%, second only to the English flyer, and its leading role in the igbt domain is conducive to upgrading the manufacturing capacity of the company’s entire car system. Biadi is the country’s only new energy driver with core technologies like “3 electricity,” and has developed new energy vehicle technology for more than a decade.
The value accumulated over the years is expected to explode as Biadi, which has mastered the full range of “triple electricity” technologies, has been largely supply-to-in-house, and as its strategy of openness has further fallen, it is expected that the value accumulated over the years will break out. Companies are open to the counterlink chain in two main ways: 1) Parts and components are autonomous: e.g. Biadi, Ferdy, etc., and the Biadi semiconductor is split.
2) Strategic collaboration with external enterprises: for example, in collaboration with Hwaya on areas such as smart network linkages, and with Toyota on the development of batteries and electric vehicles, etc. 3.4 very creative vehicle development levels and a rich product matrix 3.4.1 vehicle development capacity has been significantly enhanced
Introduction of design masters, enhancement of vehicle-type development capabilities. Biadi is also developing technology in a process of continuous upgrading of design capabilities, which has led to the inclusion of eminent design masters Wolfgang Eger, Juanma Lopez and Michel Paganetti, among others, and the construction of the Biadi Global Design Centre, which has enhanced the design capabilities of Biadi as a whole.
Chart 34. Head of Biade Design Team
Qin Song Tang: The dm-i technology has been effectively reduced and the fuel-related models competed with the traditional fuel trucks at the same price than the Yadi ' s fourth generation dm-i technology has broken through traditional oil-based structures, and subversive innovations have resulted in lower costs and fuel consumption.
The dm-i technology will accelerate the replacement of traditional fuel trucks and push the company to sell new energy models to the new steps. The models of the new generation of dm-i platforms are currently Qin, Song, Tang, Han, etc. The new energy series of Biadi Qin consists of both pure electricity (ev) and hybrid (dm), and is a compact sedan. Qinplusdm-
i is priced at $11.66-15.66 million and subsidized after sale at $11.18-15.18 million. In terms of advantages: 1) compared to jointly financed fuel trucks at the same price, Qin has shown significant advantages in terms of space, power, and fuel consumption. 2) compared to pure electric motor vehicles at the same level of heat sales, Qin is more dynamic and more attractive to price. 3) compared to joint ventures at the same level, there is greater space, movement.
At this price range, Song’s space, power, and fuel consumption lead market levels rarely compete with each other. As the technology upgrades prices, Song’s new energy series is huge for replacement space for fuel trucks of the same grade.
Figure 38: The new energy series of Songplusdm-i and competitions is a medium suv in Biadidon, which is an important puzzle in Biadi’s high-end market. Dondm-i has a price of 20.06-227.6 million yuan, subsidized and sold at $19.58-22.28 million. In this medium suv in the price range, the comparison is pure electricity.
Downdm-i space is larger in size; the price is significantly lower when compared to the mix, and the fuel vehicle is a full-scale advantage of space, performance, and fuel consumption.
In July 2021, Biadei released a new generation of Pros, currently worth $1010-1427,000 in retail sales and $928-1314,000 in post-sale prices. The new generation of Pros used the family-style dragonface 3.0 to design, for the first time, to hang the spares and look more favored by young people; he was carrying a blade battery with a combined CLR of up to 401 km; and he was carrying the full range.
Biadidilink3.0 system, smart network leader. Overall, there is a greater advantage: 1) this priced suv has a lot of trade-offs in configurations, and Yuanpro has a huge advantage in space and configuration. 2) A new generation of design leaders. Biadihan: Positioning mainstream, flagship-type hijacking takes over high-end electric markets.
Biadi’s first launch in 2020 included both versions of ev and dm, with a full series of start-up prices of over 200,000, a large and medium-scale flagship car located in high-end markets, listed as a blowout, stable at a monthly rate of 10,000 vehicles. In aggregate, the advantage of Bia Dehan can be summarized as: 1) greater space, power, brand power in the same-priced car type. 2) same-level vehicle type
3.4.3 The ocean and dynasty are two product matrices with a clear hierarchy of products, two series of existing ocean networks and dynasty networks in Yadi, with the Dynasty network in its classic pattern of cars like Biadehan and Biadedon.
The new branding strategy, published in 21 years, is that Oceannet is an integrated distribution network, with the main target group being young people who prefer new energy vehicles, building the concept of ocean aesthetics as the exclusive design of ocean networks. At the same time, the goal of Oceannet is to achieve full coverage of vehicle types.
In terms of the distribution of vehicles, 1) the Biadei dynasty consists of more than 20 cars in the series of Qin, Han, Tang, Song, Five, dominated by high-end vehicles at a cost of between 10 and 350,000 blocks, with different types of vehicles in safety, long-duration, large space, aesthetic design, intellectual association, etc.
The dolphins are the first car in the Oceannet series. The dolphins have a lot of electric options in the 100,000-dollar area, including Olysses, Jiang waiev, and so forth.
It's all blade batteries on a pure electric vehicle with the same price, and the battery's safety will perform better without any major difference. 2) The new design concept of ocean aesthetics has been introduced by the Yadi dolphins, incorporating a large number of dolphin-related shapes and dynamic metastatics, creating fashion recognition. 3) The dolphins have the combined power of their first high-intensity generation, with combined efficiency achieved.
Eighty-nine per cent of the combined electricity is 10 per cent lower than the same level of vehicle. Dolphins are still the only vehicle of the same grade with a heat pump system that matches the battery with a cold-cooled straight-hot technology that keeps the power cells at the best working temperature, with a 20 per cent increase in the range of winter voyages. Figure 45: Biadi dolphins versus competitions
The Warship Series is named after a warship as a vehicle type, and it is mainly a dm-i-type hybrid vehicle. The first paragraph of the Warship Series, the Biadi destroyer 05, is just on the market, at a price of 11.98-1558 million. In the context of the choice of a compact car, the destroyer 05 has given consumers more choice.
3.5 It is expected that the fuel-car market will be subverted by leading blending technology The fuel consumption requirements will increase further, forcing the car-mixing process to accelerate. In the new version of Fuel Consumption Assessment Methodology and Indicators, implemented since 2021, the target value of fuel consumption for different ready quality levels will be reduced by about 10 per cent, while still decreasing the average per year.
The National Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Technology identifies three nodes 2025, 2030 and 2035 as 50 per cent, 75 per cent and 100 per cent of traditional energy use vehicles, respectively, compared to 1.2 per cent in 2020, where there is still much room for improvement.
The advantages of hybrid cars with low fuel and power weights are one of the major technological routes in the development of new energy vehicles, but they are more technologically difficult. In recent years, the performance of hybrid cars, driven by Biadi, the Great Wall, etc., has been optimized, and fuel trucks have a different mix of “oil-based” and “electric-based” bottom structures compared to the “ths” of Toyota and “dm-i” of Biadi.
In essence, Toyotaths is still at the core of the power engine, which is more in the efficient workspace through the combination of binoculars and planetary gear, and the "electric" system acts as an auxiliary role. Biadidm-i is directly at the core of the power cell, driven mainly by the two-efficient engine, while the engine is driven by the engine.
As a complement, participation takes place only in a few cases where power is needed, and only by working with the electric power to reduce loads, thus making it more efficient to reduce fuel consumption. Thiss saves oil by “maximizing the energy of each drop of oil,” while dm-i is more direct – electricity saves oil.
Figure 52: Biadi and Toyota Co-Mobilized Vehicle Type Bialdi Qinpus 2021 dm-i120km Toyota Toyota Carola Double-E+2019 1.8l Flagship
The flagship version of Biadey's hybrid product has been developed for four generations. Biadi, the country's early driver of hybrid systems, started developing hybrid systems in 2003, and dm is a two-model system that Biadi developed autonomously.
1 dm1.0: Biadi launched dm1.0 in 2008, representing the car type F3dm. dm1.0 is mainly energy-efficient, with a mix of 1.0 litres from the structure of the two-power and single-speed slow-down engines, resulting in pure electricity, an increase, and a mix of three drivers. dm2.0: 2012 Beijing Car Fair, Biadey Light, with a total of dm 2.0 power, and in 2013
For marketing, dm2.0 uses a significant improvement over the performance of the first generation. 3) dm3.0: Technical product dm3.0 was released in 2019, with a new high-voltage bsg power plant added to the previous generation, with the following functions: slow start-up, smart power generation, rapid acceleration, and assistive replacement.
4) dm4.0: Dm4.0 technology was released in January 2021, including dm-i and dm-p. i corresponds to intelgence, primarily in the economic model.p The p match should be Power to enhance power systems and use high-end models. dm-i supermixed super-mixed hybrid systems are power-driven and have multiple advantages in fast, short, quiet, smooth, green, etc.
At a cost of less than 3.8l/100 km, oilable combined re-entry miles through 1,200 km, 100 km acceleration time faster than the same level, 2-3 seconds faster than fuel cars, and more non-continuing and charged anxiety while providing unlimited access to pure electric vehicle driving experience. In racks, dm-i supermixes are designed with ultra-safe large-capacity batteries and high-performance high-power flat-line generators, relying mainly on heavy power.
The main function of the gas engine is to generate electricity in the high-efficiency transmission zone, at the right time, and to change the traditional hybrid technology, which relies mainly on engine-based oil-based design structures, thereby significantly reducing fuel consumption. With the help of Biadi, among others, 2022 is expected to become the year of domestic mixing. Biadi has released dm4.0 hybrid products since January 2021.
In March 2022, 105,000 new power vehicles were sold, of which 51,000 were mixed, with penetration rates of around 50%. We believe that Biadi's hybrid product will have a good demonstration effect, and that the branded hybrid model is expected to accelerate the market.
Fourth, profit forecasting, valuation and investment rating companies are leading the new energy automobile industry, with their clients well structured and growing productive capacity.
1) Automobile operations: Based on the expansion of the company ' s productive capacity and market demand, we expect the company to sell its cars in 2022-2024 2) mobile phone operations: future 5g replacements, rising state-led mobile phone assembly industry development, company operations are expected to continue to grow 3) Battery and photovoltaic operations: company power cells have been set up with a stand-alone brand name, Ferdy Battery, for strategic advancement.
Time-voltage, backed by the policy support of “double carbon”, accelerates the deployment of new technologies and enhances the competitiveness of products. It is expected that 2022 - we will divide Biadi's operations into four units: new energy vehicles, new energy commercial vehicles, electronics, power and storage batteries, and one unit) new energy vehicles: companies are pioneers of new domestic energy vehicles, and in March 2022, new energy vehicles were sold.
This represents 99.5% of the company’s total sales, with pure electricity accounting for 51.2%, and mixed power for 48.3%, of the country’s new energy fleet, with companies able to anchor, pelicans, ideal, and, because of the fact that most of the companies in the new vehicles are not making steady profits, adopt a ps market sales rate valuation method. We have selected the americ, pelican, ideal car as a comparable company, with a comparable figure for 2022-2023.
Car City leads other new energy automobiles in the country, which are still somewhat different from Tesla, with a 22-year ps valuation of 3.70 x 2) New energy commercial vehicles: we chose a bus as a bid, with a comparable average of company ps for 2022-2023.2 Electronics: mobile phone parts and assembly business grew steadily in downstream market demand, and the company was stable in making a profit, so we took a steppe.
The net profit is based on the expectations of the company Biadi Electronics, which is listed in the Hong Kong stock market.3 Power and storage cells: the phosphate industry continues to improve, benefiting from the growth of the titanium boom and the power of the electrochemical storage.
The company’s power cell business has multiple advantages, such as cost, technology, and size, and will gradually contribute to the company’s future earnings. Currently, the public battery service is in the initial stages, so the ps market sales rate valuation method is adopted, with three domestic power cell taps selected as comparable companies, with a 22-year average of the company’s ps using 4.44x.
The 22-year ps valuation uses 4.44 x. Considering the high rate of growth in company performance and good competitiveness, for the first time it was covered with a “buy-in” rating.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.