Biadebyd (002594ch) bicycle profits are expected to improve continuously, and Biadiddm-i hybrid technologies are opened for external supply per-vehicleprofibilityexpectedtocontinueimproved, bydm-ihybridtechnologysuppliesofficiostart
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
One-quarterly report by Biadi, better than the city's otperform, with 1q22 achieving an operating income of $66,830 million, a year-on-year increase in the msciesg rating.
Quarterly performance is bright, with orders growing every month. Company cars & batteries, etc. rmb658.41bn/us$99.57bn have seen a sharp increase in the market share as a result of a quarter of re-innovation in the volume of new energy cars sold by the company.
In the context of rising prices, performance is impressive. The company's cumulative sales of 286,000 new energy vehicles during the first quarter of the year increased by 423 per cent over the same period; of these, the cumulative sales of new energy vehicles were 285,000 pricereturns-mscicchina.
The stop-fired fuel truck, which focuses on the development and sale of the new energy car, has now accumulated 400,000 orders in hand, and with the abundance of the product matrix, unpaid orders continue to grow every month.
On the 16th, two-degree increase in car-type prices, considering that the company now has more hand orders, the positive impact of higher prices on profitability is expected to be demonstrated gradually from the second quarter. In April, the company released a series of new Han family products, Handm-i's full-scale match to the model fuel truck, which is expected to be on line two and below.
The accelerated penetration of the new energy vehicle market has led to the eruption of China's mixed power market; in the same time, the ocean series of ocean-based e3.0-based new cars are about to be marketed, and we believe that the new vehicle created the era of Biadedm-i's external supply.
On April 27, Vi launched a hybrid suv-writ-i, with a pre-sale price of $14.98-1998 million. On the power side, Viht-i will be the first to carry the Biadedm-i hybrid system, which includes Biadi ' s self-researched cloud-plugging 1.5l high-efficiency engine and the ehs hybrid system.
A total of 33 kwh super-mixed batteries, with a full range of 200 km, 1267 km, and a 100 km loss of electricity as low as 5.3l. Biadi had previously turned on the blade battery supply through the Fodie battery and opened the e-platform to industry at 3.0.
Hen, we believe that the launch of this new vehicle will further consolidate the market influence and leading advantage of Biadi’s hybrid technology. Profit predictions and investment ratings: we keep the company well in the long run.
During the period, the new energy automobile industry was less favourable than expected.