Time leaders are entering the harvest period — Biadi (002594.sz) company's business layout covers areas such as electronics, automobiles, batteries, and orbital transport.
The company uses new energy vehicles as its core, building vertical industrial chains. By investing in the stock market, and so on, it provides a comprehensive picture of Cao Xuant.
In the field of battery raw materials, the supply and price of raw materials are stable. At the core of the semiconductor system, the semiconductor industry, domestic electricity, new energy sources, consumer electronics, etc., is being promoted in order to achieve self-control of semiconductor products.
Lu Woo Peak sales. Accelerating battery capacity expansion, while meeting its own needs, actively accelerating the pace of external supply and leading the country in the field of storage energy. E-business is growing steadily with large North American customers.
Auto-research and development. Auto-research for the design of whole cars and core parts has developed a series of global leaders in the core technologies of batteries, electric machines, electrical controls, and whole cars. Blade batteries lead the new global power cell safety altitude.
Eight-to-one motors save space weights while fully optimized performance. Cloud plug-in engines achieve super-low fuel consumption and heat efficiency of up to 43%. dm mixes perfect balance of power and economic performance and is highly favoured by consumers. eplatform 3.0 is fully platformized, with full powered intelligence advantage, and drops in.
The new energy automobile industry continues to grow, with companies producing the highest volume of goods. Energy expansion accelerates, eases supply and demand, sales surges, high-end vehicle-type ratios continue to rise, and brands are up. There are now four series of dynasty networks, ocean networks, upswings, and high-end brands, with a full product matrix moving forward.
In the broader context of counter-globalization, the dominance of the corporate vertical industrial chain is evident, with the company being covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating. New energy vehicles are sold less than expected, production is released less than expected, overseas operations are less than expected, and chips are scarce.
The price of materials has risen and the epidemic has not been brought under control as expected. 1.1 Biyadi, established in February 1995 and based in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, is committed to technological innovation for human development.
Sustainable development of society, contributing to the achievement of carbon peaks, carbon neutrality. After more than 20 years of rapid development, the company has more than 280,000 employees and has established more than 30 industrial parks around the world to achieve strategic layouts for six continents around the world. Biadi operations cover areas such as electronics, automobiles, new energy and rail transport, and in these areas.
Biadi plays a key role in building new zero-emissions, from energy access, storage to applications, mainly in automobiles, including new energy cars, traditional fuel cars, mobile phone parts and assembly operations, secondary charge batteries and photovoltaic operations, and actively uses its technological advantages to expand urban orbital traffic and its impact.
Automobile operations: With strong technological development and innovation, Biadi has acquired the core technology of the entire industrial chain of new energy vehicles, such as batteries, chips, electric machines, and electrical controls. Biadi's new energy vehicles have formed three product lines, covering seven general areas and four special areas (i.e. the “7+4” strategy, of which “7” are)
For private cars, taxis, urban public transport, road passenger transport, urban commodity logistics, urban buildings flow, sanitation vehicles: "4" for storage, ports, airports, mines, etc. Mobile phone parts and assembly operations: operations currently include smartphones and laptop computers, new smart products, steam
Car-smart systems and health care are four major areas. Biadi Electronics is the only company in the world that can provide a full range of manufacturing solutions for sophisticated metal, glass, ceramics, plastics, and so on. It provides a full range of services, such as R & D, design, manufacturing, supply chain management, and so on, for top global intellectual clients.
Station solution. Secondary charge batteries and photovoltaic operations: products already cover consumer 3c batteries, power cells and energy storage cells and form complete batteries (raw materials, R & D, design, manufacture, applications and recycling)
Industrial chains, in terms of battery technology, quality, intelligent manufacturing, and production efficiency. Apart from new energy source vehicles and orbital traffic, Biadi's battery products are widely used in a variety of new orbital transport operations, such as solar power stations, storage power stations, etc.: To address urban traffic congestion, Biadi has developed innovative and integrated advantages.
The volume crosses the single-track, single-track, cloud-track and small-volume orbital traffic, the cloud-track and the cloud-barrey have complete and autonomous intellectual property rights, master the core technology of the entire industrial chain, and carry high-tech configurations such as unmanned systems, multifunctional depth integration, face recognition, etc.
In recent years, the company ' s main business has been relatively stable, with the three main lines of automobiles, cellular parts and assembly, secondary chargers in 2021 accounting for 52.04 per cent, 40.00 per cent and 7.62 per cent of total revenue, respectively.The overall car market was in a bad weather zone in 2018 and 2019, and was affected by the fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles.
Net profits are under pressure, and in 2020, with the release of high-end car-types, there was a profit run-off. Net profits fluctuated in 2021 because of factors such as price increases in raw materials.
The business Māori rate has declined considerably. Benefiting from the expansion in size, the rates have steadily declined over the period.
In addition, Hanev, Donev, and the dollar series have been shown on a number of occasions across the globe, laying the foundation for globalization. In Colombia, the overseas regions have been cut off to date.
The largest pure electric bus order, officially entering Romania, Finland, Pakistan, Ireland, and South Africa, will spread the new experience of pure electricity travel around the world. The Brazilian Baya Track, off Shenzhen, is the world’s premier offline overseas version of the Cloud Track, and is an important international collaboration to modernize urban transport.
In the area of cellular components and assembly operations, companies continue to strengthen the business layout of large North American clients as income 1.3 Management stabilizes its shareholding incentives sufficient corporate management is stable, core managers have been in the company for many years, are aware of industry trends and are rich
Table 1: Corporate management profile: Chairman Wang Tofu is a shareholder with 17.64% shareholding. Westerncapital of Buffett
Groupllc's shareholdings have remained constant at 7.73%. In April 2022, Biadi issued a staff-holding plan, with the total amount of money that the company proposes to buy back the company's shares not exceeding $1.85 billion, not less than $1.8 billion, the repurchase price not exceeding $300/share, the concession price being zero/share participation.
The total number of participants in the employee holding scheme is not more than 12,000.
The main implementers of the strategy and the middle pillars of the team have a crucial role and impact on the overall performance of the company and its long-term sustainability. The plan promotes long-term corporate development, defends shareholders’ rights, fully mobilizes the motivation and creativity of the holders, and improves staff cohesion and the competitiveness of the company.
The employee holding plan is to use three fiscal years 2022-2024 as the performance year, each fiscal year.
2.1.1 Locking in the supply of battery-grade raw materials, which, with the rapid increase in the volume of new energy vehicles, showed a high supply of and demand from upstream raw materials, with prices rising exponentially, as the most needed resource in the new energy sector, the price of battery-grade lithium carbonate was exceeded in March 2022
The price of half a million ton, a six-fold increase in the same year, rose from 40,000 to 160,000 to 160,000 to the beginning of 2021. Cobalt prices rose from less than 300,000 ton at the beginning of 2021 to more than half a million ton in order to ease the cost pressures caused by rising raw materials prices for new energy batteries, and Biadi was active upstream resources.
Cooperation with upstream enterprises in the procurement and supply of raw materials, processing cooperation, new technological processes, development of new mineral resources and expansion of operations.
• On 15 September 2010, the Tibet Mining and Tibet Mining Corporation signed a transfer of title with Biade and Tibet Jin Ho. Biadi was awarded an 18 per cent share in the Zabuye lithium industry, with funding of $201 million. The project was completed on 30 July 2023 and became operational on 30 September 2023. Specific products include battery-grade carbonic acid.
On 15 March 2017, Biadei, a joint venture with Salt Lake, Shenzhen Trea, established Bia Salt Lake Biya Resources Development Co. Ltd., of which Biadi contributed $245 million, holding 49 per cent of the shares, and is currently testing 30,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate.
On December 9, 2020, Byadi Replenished Lake South, with a share of 5.27%. Hunan was ranked first in the volume of phosphate lithium material on the national market in mid-2021, the main phosphate lithium material in Byadi during the Ninder era.
On April 13, 2021, Biadi purchased lithium salt from the Melting shares, with an estimated additional order of $300 million. Previously, the Lithium Merit shares had been signed with Biadi, the Chengdu Lithium Melting Industry, the Integrated Energy Facility 2021 Lithium Salt, Lithium Power Equipment, and the Lithium Power Company.
Lithium concentrate association trading contract, totalling approximately 1.07 billion yuan. 4 December 2021, Biadey and Sichuan Road Bridge, Kawan Energy Power and Wakuto Corporation co-financed 4