Quick review of the company's research, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars.
On May 16, Biadei launched a "Hello, New Dynamics" campaign to elaborate on the status of the brand and its first model.
A combination of dm-i technology, combined with a fleet of 945-1040 km and a two- or four-km deficit of 6.2l/6.7l, respectively, with a pre-sale price of $33.5-445,000; and platform 3.0 technology, pure dd9 power, with a replacement of over 600 km, with a pre-sale price of $39-46 million.
Pre-screening cameras, 5 millimetre wave radars, 4 circumvision cameras, 12 ultrasound radars, 1 dms camera, 1 eps angle control sensor and 1 domain controller. Trend d9 opened for sale only 30 minutes, with orders out of 3,000.
The market is currently relatively small, and we see that the booming d9 has become a luxury mpv market, opening up an autonomous brand of luxury mpv, encouraging fertility policies or pulling demand for mpv. In the context of the continued optimization of related fertility policies, households are expected to pick up gradually, making up 11% of all households. With the “All Three Children” policy and accompanying support measures gradually improving, we expect five people and above to have a share in 2025.
In the context of fertility policy, the total number of households has remained constant, while five and more families mpv have less penetration of mpv competitions and have a better chance of building their own brands. The mpv market is more concentrated, competitive products are relatively few, and the probability of creating a car is higher. In the mpv model of 15 pre-sales in 2021, autonomous/joint brands account for 55/30 per cent each.
Seven mpvs or more, or about 36%, of which six are joint venture brands, or 30%, and autonomous brands, or only 6% of the total, are now dominated by high end mpv markets. Of the top 15 mpv models sold in April 2022, the autonomous/joint brands each accounted for 43.38%, with a marked increase in the high end mpv city, a slight reduction in the gap between ownership and the high end of the joint venture brand, and a significant increase in the autonomous mpv model.
Trend d9 is highlighted as the Chinese version of "Elfa." Trend d9 has a greater advantage in the same price mpv model, and the value of the parameter is highlighted as expected to be the same. We expect to sell 6,000/4,000 vehicles per month for super-mixed d9/pure version of steady state, with a steady state annual sale of 7.2/48,000 vehicles, with the median pre-sale value as single vehicle revenue, with a projected annual sales revenue of $281/18.7 billion per year.
By the main line logic, Biadey's deep layout of the upstream industrial chain is very strong in three electrical technologies (cells, electric machines, electrical controls); the ability to hold the downstream terminal market has improved markedly, with pure plug-and-drive double-wheel drive, followed by the roll-out of a new explosive vehicle. The track has grown well + the power of the industrial chain + market share, and the high quality of the industry has become clear. By the feed logic, Biade's blade battery has significantly increased phosphate in a way that is structurally innovative.
The energy density of the lithium battery, and the safety of the battery bag was demonstrated through needle-point tests, leading by technology, has been accompanied by a red flag e-qm5, Cyrussf5, long Ancs55, East Wind and Free, Ford Mustangmach-e, Lincoln Adventurer Phev, among many other models. The future blades of the battery are expected to expand further, along with the rapid development of the energy battery, bringing about a larger volume of business growth in Biadi.
With the continued liberalization of fertility policy, the mpv market is gaining momentum, encouraging fertility and supporting measures, and the mpv model is expected to offer significant development opportunities. Since 1963, the natural growth rate of our population has been rising.
In the 1970s, the country began to tighten its population policy, and in 1979 it officially introduced the “one-child” family planning policy, which led to a further decline in natural population growth. In the twenty-first century, our population policy was gradually relaxed, and the rate of natural population growth remained stable at about 5% for the previous 17 years.
In a context of continuous optimization, households are expected to recover gradually, benefiting cars at the suv, mpv, and so on. Households are expected to increase or push their annual sales of mpv to more than 3 million.
The three-child policy and accompanying support measures are gradually improving, with a projected return to 15 per cent in 2025 and to 18 per cent in 2030. In the context of pro-natal policies, small and medium-sized households are being discouraged, so the total number of households is assumed to remain constant, while five and more families have fewer mpv mpv competitions and a high potential for autonomous mpv development.
According to FMC data, in 2021 we sold 9.846,000 cars and 40 per cent of the first 15 vehicles, with less than 5 per cent of the surplus and a large number of the more powerful, except for the bruising; in 2021 we sold 92.22 million cars and 32 per cent of the first 15 models, with less than 5 per cent of all models and a high level of competition in the market; and in 2021 we sold 10.79 million mpv.
Fifteen models were sold at 83%, while the first two models were sold at close to 40%. Compared to cars and suv, the market was more concentrated, mpv was relatively competitive, and there was a higher probability of building a car-type. Of the top 15 mpv models sold in 2021, autonomous brands and joint-venture brands each accounted for 54% and 29%, compared to mpv at 300,000 and above, respectively.
About 35 per cent, of which 6 were joint venture brands, accounting for 29 per cent, and the autonomous brands, which are only 6 per cent of m8, are currently dominated by the high end mpv market. In April 2022, the country sold 56,000 vehicles, with the top 15 models accounting for 80 per cent, 43 per cent and 38 per cent each; 8 of the top 15 vehicles, with 300,000 and above, accounted for about 52 per cent, of which 7 were joint venture brands, accounting for 38 per cent.
In comparison with 2021, the market share of high-end mpv increased significantly, the ratio of autonomous to joint-brand high-end markets narrowed slightly, and there is still much potential for the development of the autonomous brand mpv model. Toyota Elfa is Japan’s value-for-money mpv, and sales have long been at the top of the list.
Unlike domestic imports of Elfa, home-grown Elfa is high-value mpv. The sale price of Elfa in Japan is about 352.775 million yen (approximately 21-46 million yuan). As a result of high local value ratios in Japan, Elfa has gradually become a popular model, standing first on the mpv list. In 2020, Elfa sold more than 90,000 vehicles in Japan, first up to 10 vehicles; in 2022, Elfa sold for two months in a row.
Review Elfa’s success in Japan: at the supply end, mpv is less competitive, while Elfa has a high-end, luxury and high-value attributes, and is much more competitive than other models. At the demand end, Japan has a higher ageing population, with a large number of seats in large spaces that meet the mobility needs of retired seniors and their grandchildren for three generations, and the position of high-valuers is consistent with Japanese practice; in addition, Japan,
The third sector is relatively well developed, with high demand for business trips by entrepreneurs and politicians, leading to an increase in sales in Elfa. Figure 6: Japan’s mpv market ranked in February 2022, the domestic market is still to be developed, and the Chinese version of “Elfa” is expected to emerge.
High-middle and high-end mpv models are only 20 out of all car models. With the autonomous branding of mpv, the arrival of an ageing Chinese society and the higher share of the tertiary sector, the highest-end mpv will appear in the top 10 rankings. Toyota Elfa sold more than 90,000 cars in Japan in 2020, China’s car market is about four times larger than Japan, and China’s home-grown boom suv model will replicate E.E.
As a new-energy vehicle leader, Biadi is not just a product that continues to grow with technology.
The price of Biadi bicycles rose rapidly from about $50,000 in 2012 to more than $150,000 in 2021, and is ahead of other autonomous brand leaders. As Biadi brands move up, there will be more certainty about the future, third on the mpv model of the year.
In January 2022, Biadi launched Songmaxdm-i, and the sales went up the slope rapidly after being listed, and the sales of the rings grew by 512% and 112% in February and March, reaching 1,372 in April. The successful experience of Biadizonmax was the high end mpv market in the follow-up campaign.
Figure 10: One month sales by Biadianonmax, five cars ready, first item d9 will blow up mpv, and on May 16, Biadi will hold a "Hello, New Treasure" branding launch, which will provide details on the branding and its brand-new, first-car model d9.
In the area of brand positioning, the new luxury is actively planned in terms of products, channels and services. 1) In the area of brand positioning, branding is directed towards the creation of new luxury smart cars, 2) in the area of product planning, and in the future, branding is planned for five major cars, covering all types of vehicles and named after them with the name d, e, n, z, a, and echoes the English brand name “denza”. 3) In the area of channeling, branding creates an online and offline channel model.
The digital system of purchase services is visualizing the order system, from down to delivery, with transparent prices and trackable progress. Underline channels include four major experiential spaces, such as the Toto House, the Toyo House, the Toto House, the Toto Centre and the Toto Mini Centre. This year, 200 underline shop layouts are to be completed, covering 68 cities across the country.
In addition, the brand has adopted the concept of “pump-and-seeker” to continuously refine the whole landscape charge service, with exclusive household chargeposts, destination charge canes, and will also have access to more public charge posts and mobile charge-up energy.
Intelligent branding features are strong, intelligent applications are creative. 1) Smart cabin system - Trendinlink: A full model with 5g download speed, up to 1 gbps, easy access to home contact and business communication. 2) Multiple screens: in the future, medium screens will be mounted up to 17.3 inch 2.5k resolution, supporting high hdr dynamic ranges showing hyper-wide colour domains, meeting high-quality large screen expectations, and configuration of substations based on different vehicle-type positioning
On screens, back-row entertainment screens, arm screens, hud upshows, etc., provide exclusive experience for all drivers in the car; the back-row entertainment system will also carry the industry's first 8 million-pixels-up camera. 3) Thousands of people: the exclusive driver of a thousand-faced drivers based on digital and biological keys, the driver of a thousand people, the driver of a different driver or passenger who unlocks the car, the chair, the rear-view mirror, the steering wheel, etc., will automatically regulate the car.
To the user's most comfortable angle, vehicle navigation will proactively alert the destination, play familiar music themes, etc., and thousands of people will go ahead and provide consumers with a customized and respectful experience. 4) Customized games cars: Dotting brands will publish the first custom games worldwide. The game steering wheel combines all the functions of the handles of the game, and can play all the handles of the game with the steering wheel. Drivers and passengers can enter the game center, switch to the game mode and use custom-made devices.
The disks are immersed in a car racing game, in which the steering wheel is removed from the wheel and the wheels are not worn out. 5) Smart driving support systems: turbo-pilot smart driving support systems, which in the future will achieve industry-leading, high-level intelligent driving aids. Some of the high-matching models will preset multiple high-performance, hardware, ensure the accuracy of the system's environmental perception, berthing together, and make the system more stable.
Drive-level road planning, with point-to-point driving and driving experience being enhanced in various contexts, such as highways, urban fast roads and congestion in urban areas. In addition, we will provide solutions for difficulties in finding places, parking and getting cars. At the main parking lot on the first line of cities, vehicles will be able to identify the surroundings and remember them, thus completing their own parking spaces and fundamentally improving their efficiency.
Trendd9 is a brand-new, first-car model, covering two versions of the dm-i super-mixing and pure electricity, with a total of six sub-carrying models, offering consumers a variety of options. Tentd9 super-mixed dm-i technologies, combined with 945-1,040 km, 2- and 4-km of lost 100 km of electricity, respectively, with a pre-sale price of $33.5-44 million; and Tent d9 pure power-loaded e-platform 3.0 technology, with a net relay over 600 G.D.
In this case, the price of the sale is 39-46 million dollars. A high level of visual recognition is found in the front face of X-motion, five single meteoroid tracks, one-way taillights, five body colours; a full range of X-ray d9 is marked with a super-intelligent link interactive cabin, interior flavour, Dana sound, and a super-high 4th space. A high profile of X-ray d9 intelligent driving: 24 sensors are mounted to provide a class of 122+ auxiliary driving.
In terms of size, it is comfortable, except that the cars are slightly higher than those of Toyota Elfa and the cars are slightly shorter than those of Toyota Sena, which are the highest among the competitions. 2) In terms of continuation, the super-mixed version of the "Treatd 9" package can be close to, or even beyond, fuel or oil hybrids, and the pure version is the higher level of the new energy vehicle, and basically solves the problem of maintenance anxiety. 3)
The super-mixed d9 oils are very good in the competition, far below the normal mpv fuel consumption level. 4) In the smart driver configuration, the smart d9 is full-time, marked with a former video camera, 5 mm wave radars, 4 loop cameras, 12 ultrasound radars, 1 dms camera, 1 eps corner control sensor and 1 area controller. Overall, the smart driver is ahead of the competitive mpv model.
There is a significant advantage in the configuration, with value ratios highlighting the prospect of a car crash, with a 30-minute pre-sale order of over 3,000. We expect to increase the volume of D9 super-mixed/pure-edited steady-state sales by 6,000/4,000 vehicles per month, with an annual sales of 7.2/48,000 vehicles, taking the median pre-sale price as single-car revenue, and an estimated annual sales revenue of $28,187.7 billion, calculated at 20.25 per cent of the excess/pure power ratio, which will contribute M$56.47 billion.
In addition to the Netc standard, the deficit of oil in both Trend d9 and Toyota Elfa was consumed; the rest of the mileage for the renewal of d9 was the Netc standard; and the remainder was calculated on the basis of the lost fuel consumption and tank capacity: 4) Toyota Sena was marketed in December 2021, so the actual sales in 2021 were sold in December 2021.
Figure 18: Trendd9 pre-sells over 3,000 orders for over 30 minutes. Investment proposal: high-quality poles for high-quality track, maintenance of an “enhancement” rating, based on the logic of the main line, Beardy's deep layout of the upstream industrial chain, three-power technology (cells, electric power, power control); downstream terminal market
In terms of feeder logic, Biyadi's blade batteries have significantly increased the energy density of the phosphate, lithium batteries, and have demonstrated the safety of the battery bag through needle-point tests, leading the technology, with a red flag e-qm5,
Cyrus f5, Long Ancs 55, East Freee, Ford Mustangmach-e, Lincoln Adventurer Phev, etc. The future of the blades and the external supply of batteries is expected to expand further, leading to a significant increase in Biadi's business along with the rapid development of the energy battery. We maintain the dollar, which corresponds to 129/67/37 times the pe, and maintain the “plus” rating.
Prices of raw materials, recurrent outbreaks and chip constraints affect the release and delivery of productive capacity, and new models are sold less than expected The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future