Material material less than anticipated: crisis or opportunity in the second quarter? +17.98% for the same year; net profit for the mother of $1,293 million, +184% for the same year.
Realising operating income of $2.65 billion, +206 per cent, ring ratio - 28.44 per cent; net profit for mothers 1. titanium powder market rose first, and the price fell to Māori in the second quarter by billions, totalling $1,293 million, or +184 per cent.
The company ' s performance was higher in the second quarter, which is expected to be due mainly to: (1) the first upturn in the titanium powder market and the fall in the price of titanium in the second quarter and the rate of Maori in the first quarter of 2020. The titanium powder market was in the lead-up to and during the spring festival, with strong market performance in the second quarter, owing to the country.
Total stock/flow (million shares) Outbreaks and drops in exports also impact prices. Total market value/flow (millions) of titanium exports in the second quarter
Pyramid (002601), Python 37.93%. (2) The company's capacity to grow and seize the market has increased, and the market has become more market-owned.
The company's chlorine production has stabilized at 10,000 tons per month, and new products for plastics and ink have been developed in addition to the original global titanium powder headstones - 2020/07/06 product model upgrades for coatings.
Python Python (002601), the Python model, the increment of chlorinated products and the initial release of new products, in order to capture their share of the market, developer Python dynamic evaluation: construction of the Western titanium industry base, entry
Households use custom, partly using a price-for-market strategy, and sales averages fall in the same price when the share of chlorinated products has improved the titanium industry by 2020/05/19.
The ring ratio is up. Sales costs, overheads, financial expenses are on the ring scale.
We believe that 400 million dollars a quarter is the bottom of the company’s profits. As the impact of the epidemic subsides, the company’s profits will be repaired quickly.
Top Asia in titanium powder production, third world: the company now owns the Henan Focal, and the top six production bases in Hubei Xiaoyang and Yunnan Chu, all of which form the deep base of raw materials such as titanium, high titanium slag, synthetic gold and red stones.
Processing, followed by industry-wide chain patterns for products such as titanium sulphate, titanium chloride, and sponge titanium. The company produces 1.01 million tons of titanium per year, 10,000 tons per year of titanium per year, and is now the number one in Asia and the third in the world, while continuing to expand, with the prospect of becoming a global dragon.
In terms of production, the company produced 40.53 million tons of titanium powder in the first half of the year, or 32.1 per cent of the year, of which 3102 million tons of titanium powder sulphate, or +351 per cent of the year, benefiting from the test production of the 2nd phase of the CCP production line and the re-production of 60,000 tons of titanium powder in the new titanium industry.
Ninety-five thousand tons of titanium chloride, +183.17 per cent of total production, rising to 23.46 per cent. In terms of sales, despite a weak overall demand in the sector affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year, companies have registered a reverse growth in sales of 35.55 million tons of titanium powder, +15.62 per cent.
Of this amount, 197.2 million tons were exported, an increase of 23.13 per cent over the same period. The mineral plates remained stable, with 1,907,400 tons of iron concentrate selected in the first half of the year, or 7.56 per cent of the same, and 4,373,000 tons of titanium concentrate. The demand for titanium powder downstream has shown signs of recovery, gradually improving.
With the gradual control of the epidemic, the country’s economy has remained low and high, and the real estate market has been recovering. In January-June 2020, 6278 billion yuan was invested in national real estate development, an increase of 1.9 per cent over the same period, a decline of 0.3 per cent in January-May.
With continued capital growth in the second half of the year and the end of the rainy season in late July, the country’s titanium powder is on a downward trend. On July 11, the company responded to the industry’s price rises by raising the price of the titanium powder to 500 yuan/ton, while at the same time, with the calcification process, it was 200,000 tons/year.
We believe that as the epidemic is brought under control, demand will recover, while the high cost of titanium mines will lead to price volatility, and industry rings will improve, leading to recovery.
Third, it is expected to grow into a global leader, with clear advantages in the integration of the industrial chain, increased productive capacity released, profits raised, low-valued high scores and a “buy-in” rating maintained.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.