Material and materials continue to increase their investment in the global titanium-poly-platinum pillar.
The development of a framework agreement on strategic cooperation in deep processing will further strengthen the integrated development and utilization of iron and iron resources in the western part of the country, leading to closer multi-stakeholder cooperation and win-win situations, and will continue to increase investment in the development of titanium and titanium powder projects in the western part of the country.
On May 29th of this year, a million-dollar project was signed with the City of Twilights, which focused on “the high-quality use of titanium climbing resources for large-scale production of titanium chloride in the industry chain, the phased implementation of technological innovation and industrialization projects in five years.
The transformation break-through, forming a complete chain of large-scale industrial production within 10 years. This was followed by a project to upgrade and convert 500,000 tons of titanium uplift to 300,000 tons of chlorinated titanium slag, which is well under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2020, which will guarantee the company's supply of titanium powder for chlorination.
The total market value/flow (millions) of the company is the same purpose and framework.
Projects: 1 for the expansion of mine panels and 4 billion yuan to be invested in projects related to the upgrading of technology; 2 for the upgrading of chlorinated titanium slag with titanium to be raised with titanium titanium; 3 for the chlorinated titanium slag industry;
The chain extends to a deep processing project with titanium chloride, with a proposed investment of 3 billion yuan: 4 yuan, legal participation in twigs, a performance evaluation on the development of the western titanium industry base, the restructuring of the enterprise, the phased-in inventory of 5 billion yuan, and the iron ore.
Step-by-step refinement of the titanium industry - 2020/05/19 Integrated Use of Resources for Technological Innovations, etc.
Autumn: A quarterly report is growing faster than expected, has been distributed in a non-public manner, with a strong focus on raw material security and greater cost advantages. This project includes the expansion of mines, the status of hardheads - 2020/04/24.
The construction and selection technology upgrade project, and the titanium ore upgrade conversion to chlorinated titanium slag project, will be supported by a dragon python (002601), a dragon ore. The company currently has 800,000 tons of titanium ore for both Deokyang and Xiaoyang.
Barri:  symbiosis, twin-wing development, titanium powder giants, base-based sulphate capacity requirements, with raw material self-sufficiency reduced to 40 per cent as the company ' s capacity increased, with steady performance growth - 2020/03/25
There is a need for a more stable and adequate supply of raw materials. In addition, the company ' s additional production capacity is all chlorinated, the quality of the material is high, and the cost of expanding the company ' s ability to use local resources to upgrade and convert chlorinated titanium slags to secure the production capacity of chlorinated systems in a context of global titanium resource constraints.
It is also important to have the same advantages. The ability to produce titanium powder with chlorination is expected to continue to expand. Under industrial policies that limit sulphuric acid and encourage chlorination, the company owns the largest single-line chlorination capacity in the country and has the autonomy to expand it.
The capacity to produce, the calcification base 2nd edition of the 200,000 tonnes/year production line is going well. The climbing fields are rich in titanium mineral resources, the company is equipped with materials upgrading conversion technology, the local construction of chlorinated titanium powder production is unique, and further expansion of production will no doubt be further advanced.
The global titanium powder giants, the titanium powder industry, have rebounded and opened up the upswing. Many businesses have been on the verge of losses since June 28, as a result of the gradual warming of domestic and international demand, and the high pressure on titanium powder raw materials.
The titanium, titanium, titanium, German, Kim Mao, and positive companies have announced upward titanium powder prices, the low titanium powder market is on its way, and it is expected that companies will continue to announce higher prices in July, and maintain that our front titanium will bounce back into the ground in July.
We expect the company to double its net profits from 2020 to 2022. Considering the company's growing into a global giant in titanium powder, the industrial chain integration advantages of the Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.