Overseas obstacles have affected short-term performance, with the same rate of growth reported.
The same-year increase of 17.99 per cent, the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company of $1,293 million, the same-year growth, the blockage of exports, the impact of o2 performance, the low performance of the company, which sold 35,550,000 tons of titanium powder in the first half of the year (951,000 tons of chlorination), the same-year increase.
Tens of tons, an increase of 7.56 per cent in the same year, and titanium concentrates, a decrease of 0.71 per cent in the same year.
See, overseas exports are gradually recovering, titanium powder prices are stable (sulfuric acid products have already been raised), and performance is expected to warm back in the second half of the year. Chloride production continues to release, further entrenching the titanium powder moat.
In the last six months, equities compared to 300 depths, the company continued to release titanium chloride production in the first half of the year, with a focus of 200,000 tonnes of chlorination and a new titanium industry of 60,000 tonnes of chlorination continuously releasing, with a rising capacity ratio and continued seizure of chlorine.
In terms of construction projects, the company has invested nearly $900 million in expansion, safety and environmental protection, energy conservation, and upgrading.
Quality, intellectual upgrading, etc., and active external cooperation with Tiankang, Germany, Technical Advisory Co. Ltd., technical cooperation contract to further strengthen titanium powder technology and new production capacity below expectations; global epidemic spread beyond expectations; safety and security
Environmental accidents: unintegrated subsidiaries; systemic risks.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.