In the first half of the year, there was a slight increase in the performance of the dragon arcium (002601, sz), and the growth of the new production resistance over the year was lower than expected. The company's recent projects on chlorinated titanium powder, sponge titanium and upstream raw materials are continuing.
Production, stacking of titanium powder prices, guaranteed year-round performance, in addition to further expansion of production capacity, improved industry chain layout, lower production costs, increased core competitiveness, improved future growth space for companies, and maintenance of “buy-in” ratings through fixed increases and strategic agreements.
Poor exports, falling prices, lower than expected performance in the second quarter: second quarter titanium powder with an average price of 136,000 yuan per ton, qoq-9.1 per cent, yoy-9.6 per cent for exports, first half of the year with tons of titanium, yoy-69 per cent, qoq-30.0 per cent, held up by stock demand, titanium powder during the first quarter
Market performance was strong, while the second quarter of the epidemic was severe, demand for titanium powder was weak, and markets were weak. Companies exported 197,000 tons of titanium powder in the first half of the year, and yoy + 23.1%, representing 35% of the country’s exports.
In addition, the growth in corporate performance in the first half of the year benefited mainly from the release of additional capacity, contributing to incremental performance, in the amount of tons, yoy+15.6 per cent, and the combined Māori rate decreased by 1.86 percentage points to the product mix in the first half of the year.
The price of titanium powder is expected to continue to warm: many companies, including the company, have been up since the end of June.
In June, the factory stock has been deconstructed and is currently understocked, while in June, the country completed a narrow reduction in the size of its houses, a 12 per cent increase in vehicle sales and a 12 per cent increase in the volume of cars. After the outbreak, domestic firms are producing properly and demand for titanium powder has improved. On the export side, the export market has recovered well as the external epidemic has improved.
Major exporters have largely recovered to their levels in the same period last year, and there is still room for growth in later exports, with a positive trend. Finally, upstream titanium mining costs support, as well as the demand of the “Holden 10” season, and the price of titanium powder rises in the second half of the year.
In the case of titanium, the new titanium industry resumed production at the end of September 19 and upgraded it in collaboration with the Goldenkawa Group.
Ten thousand tons, 80,000 tons of slag in the new titanium industry, 300,000 tons of sulfur chloride-coupled titanium-based green manufacturing projects, and another 500,000 tons of titanium-upgrading and conversion to chlorinated titanium slag projects are expected to come into production in 20 years. In the long run, the company plans to raise $4.387 billion in additional funds in April.
Of that amount, $1.5 billion was invested in a 200,000-ton chloride titanium powder production project to further expand titanium powder production and, in July, the company signed a framework agreement with the City of the Mountain City, which plans to make a cumulative investment of 14 billion yuan over the next five years, involving the expansion of the mine and the upgrading of the selection technology and the upgrading of titanium concentrate to chlorination.
The company continuously strengthens the whole industry chain, improves the self-sufficiency of raw materials, improves the industry's support, reduces production costs, enhances core competitiveness, and releases growing space.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.