On the 26th of August 2020, the company issued a public announcement agreeing to a controlled subsidiary, Gansu National titanium, to purchase gold from the group on 24th of June 2020.
The combined power of the Kansu Property Exchange, which publicly transferred the titanium plant of the Kansu Province, to build land rights, real estate and ancillary facilities, machinery and equipment with a competitive range of 0.9 to 1.1 times the nominal price, is to bring in 300 million yuan yuan in titanium capital from the Kansu Province to complete the replenishment.
After that, KIMC will hold a 30% share in the titanium titanium of Gansu. The epidemic will affect short-term performance: the company is a domestic titanium chalk tap, with a capacity of 1.01 million tons per year and 10,000 tons per year of titanium.
In the first six months of the epidemic, the company achieved $6.325 billion in operating income, an increase of 17.98 per cent over the same period; and the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
The number of iron concentrates selected increased by 7.56 per cent and titanium by 43.73 million, a decrease of 0.71 per cent; a total of 35.55 million tons of titanium powder were sold, an increase of 15.62 per cent compared to the same year, and the export of titanium powder led to a strong downward recovery, with titanium prices rising steadily: the epidemic was brought under control in the second quarter.
The domestic real estate market is recovering, and titanium powder prices are rising steadily. After entering July, titanium powder markets as a whole are on the rise, with mainstream manufacturers raising prices at $500 per ton left right, and individual models even experiencing supply strains. In terms of exports, they benefit from abroad.
Some of the countries whose demand is warming and whose exports of titanium powder were lifted in June were 773,000 tons, and our competitive acquisition of the assets of the titanium factory in gold and in the long-term integration will lead to a long-term future: the titanium plant in gold and titanium is now 15 kt/a and is expected to grow at a high rate.
A total of about 1730 chlorinated furnaces, oil presses, etc. are currently in a state of idleness and, in the event of a successful competition, the company will rely on the existing sponge titanium, high titanium slag and large “boiler” chlorination rhythm 2020-04-24.
Technology, making full use of local industrial chains and co-opting advantages in Gansu, to build competitive and 2 "Python Pulse" (002601: chlorinated titanium industry base in the western part of the country, reinforced by titanium concentrate - chlorinated titanium slag - chlorinated titanium powder - sea
The whole-industry chain advantage of integration of titanium- titanium alloys, for the growth of the corporate content + the expansion of the expansive advantage of 2020-04-03.
A two-wheel-driven development model provides a solid foundation.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2020-2022, respectively.