On September 29, the company's board of directors considered the approval of the 30 million-year-old titanium conversion project.
Led by the Trenching Group, the Trench Investment Fund, the Threshold Steel Corporation, the Sichuan Dragon Python Minerals (the All-Consumption Company) and the Pilgrim Shares co-sponsored the formation of the Thresholds Resource Development Co. Ltd., with a registered capital of 100 million yuan, with a share ratio of 40 per cent, 30 per cent, 10 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively.
(b) The Board of Directors considered the adoption of the report on Replenishment for the purchase and transfer of the Orient Plum industry to the Orient Plumbing Industry.
The Bill on Equity, after the conclusion of this transaction, the company will hold 51.72 per cent of the shareholding in the Orient delta industry and will transfer 60 per cent of the ownership of Henan's Rong Chia technology to the Oriente industry, which will become the company's second-tier subsidiary.
High-end titanium material is a key link in the downstream extension of the company's titanium industry chain. Sponge titanium is a sponge-like titanium with a reductive reaction of titanium tetrachloride, which is the main raw material for the production of high-end titanium alloy material. Sponge titanium is the link to the downstream extension of the chain of the company's titanium industry.
The key link will be linked to the company ' s chloride titanium industry chain, which will also enhance the company ' s ability to withstand risks while making efficient use of resources. The project is proposed to invest $1.856 billion for a two-year construction cycle, with an address in Lu Fong County, Yunnan Province.
The titanium titanium will enter the implementation phase and will hopefully bring a new addition to the company, which will further deepen its cooperation with core companies in the fratricidal areas and enhance its ability to use its resources in an integrated manner.
Previously, on 7 July, the company disclosed that it had signed a framework agreement with the People ' s Government for cooperation in the deep processing of the integrated development of the magnetic ore resources of the twigs, that the two parties had agreed to jointly advance the high-quality development of the twilight ore resources of the western region, and that the company planned to invest cumulatively over the next five years.
RMB 14 billion, focusing on the “Small Production of Chlorine with High Quality Titanium Trench Resources” and the phased implementation of the Technological Innovation and Industrialisation Project for five years.
The announcement revealed a massive industrial production chain in 10 years.
Substantive actions for the efficient use of magnetic ore resources will deepen the company ' s capacity for integrated use of its resources, by means of intensive cooperation in the industrial chain, with a view to improving the company ' s capacity for integrated use of its resources in the future.
The efficient use of the by-products of global titanium will enhance integration and hopefully further reduce corporate integration \triangleright
The company's announcement revealed that a new company would be formed jointly with Henan's new material company, Newcomer.
The Department's main business is to produce new building materials based on chemical gypsum from the production of a python pylon powder. The combined use of the by-product resources is the core ring of the python's integrated chain.
Since it was listed, companies have invested 2,113 million yuan in fixed assets in support of projects such as energy, environmental protection, and the integrated use of resources, fully reflecting the company’s concept of integrated, resource-efficient and efficient use of resources.
It is hoped that the high-value use of corporate chemical gypsum by-products will be promoted and the company’s combined costs reduced. The acquisition of the Oriente industry, the combing of the company’s industrial chain, and the rapid development of the related business will be expected after the completion of the transactions for the transfer of the Replenishment Shareholder industry to the Orient.
As a result of this transaction and restructuring, it is hoped that the chain will be strengthened and that the management system will be clearer and that it will promote the company’s industry.
The epidemic has affected the demand for titanium powder overseas, the international situation has affected the export of corporate products and imports of raw materials, the increase in the ability to produce titanium powder with chlorinated methods has not been as fast as expected, the risk of the spread of titanium powder with chlorinated methods and the failure of titanium projects to land.
Guwu: Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Complex Materials, Sichuan University, 4 years of experience in the air-flying aeronautical materials industry, 2 years of experience in research in the materials industry, use of information on legal compliance, independent and objective production of this report, data and information used in this report from open information in the market.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.