The company released its mid-2019 report: 707.6 billion operating revenue in the first half of 2019, a year-on-year increase.
1.12 per cent, or 1.309 billion net returns, a decrease of 22.09 per cent over the same period. In the second quarter alone, the company’s business performance was lower than the industry cycle, resulting in significant efficiency gains, which were reported to have outperformed the chemical industry in the first half of 2019, urea (-0.33 per cent), dmf (-22.44 per cent),
The successful commissioning of tons of ethanol in October 2018 and the smooth start of work in the first half of the year raised the company ' s sales of polyol production from 118,000 tons to 330.5 million tons; the company completed fertilizer functionalization in May 2018.
The overall Māori rate of companies declined by 3.77 percentage points, while the development of new products led to an increase in research and development costs of about 130 million dollars, which was the main reason for the decline in company performance on a year-on-year basis.
The ring ratio is almost even. Based on the advantage of the cogeneration, the efficiency gains within the company are constantly decreasing, operating costs are not decreasing at the same time as the sale of the product is being guaranteed, and the Māori ring ratio is rising by 1.63 percentage points, making the company outperforms its expectations for six months.
• The low-cost coal industry has grown steadily, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating, and the quarterly report has outperformed, undervalued and re-emerged, and the company, as our low-cost coal industry, has received over $2 billion more than the industry average.
The company has launched the Annual Report for Antimide and nylon, which meet expectations, coal-chemicals taps again, new materials projects, and Quality Improvement Projects, which further expand the company’s product lines and resist the industry.
"A little less than expected, low oil price constraint for profit." "Absolutely beautifully laid the tone of a year's high growth, ethylene.
The ethanol project opens a new point of growth in performance” 2018-08-09