Wallau Heung-Il (600426): Why does the company have the ability to make a profit to reverse the climate?
The company is the leader of the domestic coal industry, and it is a chemical industry that has experienced an increase in prices and a slight increase in its performance during the fall in the weather. q2 quarter harvests and wool.
A model of expansion: the company's downstream product is extensive and has a “one head multiline” layout, including urea, polyols, adipic acids, cost ring ratios are basically flat, gross profit rings are micro + 54 million, cost end loops - 300 million, maternal
Acetic acids, organamines, etc.; the net profit ring ratio +25 million through continuous endogenous extension. The company’s primary price of primary urea q2 has been able to achieve steady and sustained growth in performance.
Slip, judging the company’s good performance largely depends on the growth of the technology-change/gas platform’s connectivity, while benefiting from the optimization of the “one-way” structure and the low production of polyols for multiple urea. Revenues and net profits have increased by about 20 times, with annual compound increases.
On the cost side, there has been no significant increase in the purchase of raw materials for at least q2, while production and sales are positive, and the expected increase in the use of raw materials produced by the company indicates that the connectivity of the company ' s three previously synthetic gas platforms is playing a significant role, and confirms our earlier information about the company ' s ammonia platforms.
The company invests a certain amount of money every year in a variety of sporadic engineering and small-scale technological changes, from the company’s listing to the company’s own listing.
Today, the cumulative investment of $1.85 billion in piecemeal engineering and small-scale technology improvement projects has been highly profitable, explaining why corporate profitability has not reversed in 2014-2016, when the product landscape has fallen year by year, and why corporate performance of q1 and q2 this year has exceeded expectations.
Advance to the next round of capital spending, the new materials project will start the next round of growth. The company's own epoxy, hydrogen gas and liquid ammonia self-conformation and the low unit investment intensity will maintain a still fairly cost competitiveness.
Project, consisting of two sets of low-pressure melamine melamine devices, each set of 60,000 tons plus 300,000 tons of ammonium carbonate by-product (total 12 + 600,000 tons), to facilitate the conversion of surplus synthetic ammonia into higher-value-added products.
The downside has become more insensitive, the company continues to conduct itself from the point of view of volume and cost through technology, to the point of performance, and there is more scope for future Methanol and ethanol products to continue to fall from the point of view of marginal cost.
Xu Kunlun, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East.
q2 Q1 quarter rounder ratio is essentially flat, gross cost is down, gross profit ring ratio is small + 54 million, cost end ring ratio + 30 million, mother net profit ratio + 25 million. The prices of company-owned products have declined significantly, except urea q2, and the firm's performance is judged to be largely dependent on the growth of technology/gasification platform connectivity:
Major product price aspects: fertilizer ring ratio + 8%, organochlorine ring ratio + 1%, adipic acid and intermediate ring ratio - 1%, acetic acid and derivative ring ratio - 12% + 5.8% are the core factors that sustain the decline in product prices: while product structure depends on “multiline” optimization, multi-yielding varieties such as urea and low-yielding varieties such as polyols. Products other than Methanol, fluids, etc., are not disclosed in business data bulletins.
The total revenue from ammonia, nitrate, americium, etc. is 593 million ring equal, and the expected export volumes of methanol and liquid ammonia are reduced, with the proposed cost of melamine sales being 2,467 million yuan gross for single-q2 companies, with a ring ratio of -064 million (-3%). The average cost of q2 power coal is +5% (fruit of Qin island ' s 5,500 coal power mountain), the average price of tobacco is + 2% (mergency of Qin island ' s 5,500 mountains), the price of propene is ~6%, and the price of pure benzene is +5%.
Ring ratio - 7%, when taken together we measure average prices of raw materials + 2%, slightly different from actual gross cost trends, while the raw materials bank stock is not reduced. There has been no significant increase in raw materials purchases of at least q2, while production and sales are both positive, and the projected increase in the use of raw materials produced by companies indicates that the company ' s connectivity of the three previously synthetic gas platforms is playing a significant role, to some extent.
As evidence of our earlier assumptions about the real capacity of the company’s ammonia platform, there is room for improvement.
Continuous technology-digging is the driving force behind the growth of companies during large capital expenditure vacuums. Companies use networks, waste-use networks and thermal energy networks to promote energy-saving mitigation technologies, mainly through improved raw materials. Dozens of projects are planned each year, divided into three main categories: energy-enabling projects, energy-saving projects, and environmental management projects. With the exception of the three types of projects mentioned above, companies invest a certain amount each year.
Funding for a variety of minor engineering and small-scale technological changes, cumulative inputs from company-owned minor engineering and small-scale technological improvement projects from the company ' s listing in 2002 to the present, Table 3: Examples of marginal return on investment in technology change projects: In 2014, for example, companies set up 37 projects for the implementation of technology change projects with reference to their total investment costs
The new component of the construction-in-progress “Small engineering and small-scale technological improvement project” in 2014 was 403 million yuan, with an additional benefit of about 87 million yuan after the project was invested (number of TRPs solidified by 780 million, although in 2019 and 2020 it was a large capital cost vacuum for the company and no large installations were put into operation, and the technology re-digging process will continue to optimize the company's costs (e.g. ethanol) and profitability (connectivity increases the use of raw coal and synthetic gas), while the component will continue to optimize the company's cost (e.g. ethanol) and its profitability (connectivity increases the use of synthetic gas)
3. Step ahead to the next round of capital spending and start the next round of growth of the new materials project.
The company announced in March that it would invest 6.6 billion dollars in two projects (the company's new and old kinetic energy conversion project is expected to invest a total of 10 billion dollars) for the Quality Improvement Project for Affordated Dipic acid, and the company announced in March that it would collect a total of 7.6 billion dollars, with a total profit of 740 million dollars, corresponding to 9.5 per cent (the company expects that the two projects are expected to be operational by the end of 2020 (the adipic acid project) and mid-2021 (the Xenexylamine project) respectively.
At the same time, the company's EDAC project will remain competitive because of its own cyclohexone, hydrogen gas and liquid ammonia, and the low level of investment in the unit. At the same time, the company's E.C.E.S. indicates that a project to build new materials for ammonia (not within the $6.6 billion capital spending range) is being planned, containing two sets of low-pressure melamine devices, each of which is 60,000 tonnes + 300,000 tonnes by-product of ammonium carbonate (total 1.2 + 600,000 tonnes), which would benefit the company from the surplus.
Synthetic ammonia is transformed into a higher value-added product that benefits the raw material from “dry-drying” and enhanced integrated economic efficiency. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings significantly exceeded our expectations in the second quarter, suggesting that companies are less sensitive to the downside of the industry, and that companies are subliminally able to exploit both the volume and the yield.
These two perspectives continue to spread to performance, and there is limited scope for future declines in products such as methanol and ethanol in terms of marginal cost; they are expected to double and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the company’s profitability is rising in reverse, and the prices of chemicals are very volatile, and new projects are not as fast as expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Warluhingl (600426): Why is corporate profitability going backwards, research assistant profiles, and an analysis of the researchers' own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.