The cost advantage is significant, with new projects opening up new space – flexible product restructuring, excellent cost controls, and an improvement in performance of 2019q2. The company’s revenue of $7,076 million in the first half of the year was a marginal increase of 1.1%, and a net gain of $1,293 million, a decline of 23%.
Percentage point. Corporate q2 performance showed a reversible improvement, mainly as a result of the company ' s multi-lined gasification level, which was characterized by a relatively flexible product restructuring, with sales of 1.22 million tons of urea fertilizer plates in the first half of the year, an increase of 55.36 per cent compared to the previous year; and the 500,000 tons of ethanol project, which was launched at the end of last year, was also relatively high.
The rate of start-up is also an important factor in the company’s steady performance in the first half of the year. Against the backdrop of a major decline in chemical products as a whole, the company’s Maori rate has improved, highlighting its excellent cost-control capabilities, and, with the overall down-swinging of the chemical landscape, the company is expected to continue to do its best with the cost advantage of the industry’s performance for the next week.
Coal prices are on a downward trend, with lower costs contributing to the stability and growth of performance. \triangleright Coal is the company’s most important raw material for production, and we measured the company’s annual coal purchases of about 7 million tons,
In the long run, as the country ' s energy structure is adjusted and environmental protection strengthened, the overall demand for coal is weaker, and the cost will contribute to the stability and growth of the company ' s performance.
New projects such as 160,000 tons of HSD and 300,000 tons of HFA opened up long-term growth space. New projects such as 500,000 tons of ethanol and 100,000 tons of melamine (phase II) were gradually put into production at the end of last year, making this year’s important increase in capacity, of which we measured the full cost of ethanol at $35 million to $3600 per ton.
The company is currently investing in 160,000 tons of HSD and 300,000 tons of HFA and nylon materials, which are expected to be operational by the end of 2020 and the first half of 2021, respectively.
The risks of over-anticipated fluctuations in the prices of corporate products and raw materials, and less than expected risks of new construction projects.
Research brief by WalluHingl (600426): Product Prices Continuing Rising, 500,000 tonnes of ethanol Project Contribution Summary of Company Financial Statement Data Forecasts
Tao Maw, graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate in chemical engineering and crafts, postgraduate in mineral processing (coalization), July 2011, Ga Li Xing, Beijing University Doctor of Materials, third member of the New Wealth and Non-ferrous Metals Industry, December 2018, joined the Civil Securitization Team, Wang Jing Jing, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, July 2018.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.