Events: The company released its mid-2019 report, which generated $7,076 million in operating income during the reporting period, and increased the number of high-quality white horses in coal-chemicals and diversified products.
A variety of industrial and technological platforms, such as synthesynthetic, “one-line” flexible multi-productions, diversified layouts, product structures, based on low-cost synthetic gas costs for companies, synthetic ammonia series, methanol series products, and export lines for products such as adipic acid, polyols, ethanol, etc., with a rich product layout.
Growing 3.9% in the second quarter of the male net reed ratio, an anti-cyclical advantage is evident. The company’s main product consists of fertilizers, organamine, adipic acid, acetic acid, polyols, with sales of 64,877,000 tonnes, 8.88 RMB 8,400/t, 2673/tonne acetic acid, ethylene diol 4,467/tonne, respectively.
The second-quarter growth in performance could have been achieved in comparison with the fall, highlighting once again the company’s ability to produce ethanol. The coal-based ethanol project is now fully operational.
Based on the country’s coal-rich oils, coal-based ethylene ethanol is a relatively good industry opportunity. Hualuhinl, based on a company’s low-cost synthetic gas, is another successful attempt to expand the product structure to high-value-added chemicals.
The 500,000 tons of coal-based ethanol project, which came into production in 2018, is now fully operational, with significant cost advantages, and significant profitability, which also provides a stronger impetus for the company’s sustainable development. The ammonium and nylon new materials project opens up the space for growth.
Tons/years of new materials projects for ammonium and nylon, construction projects have been initiated, technical, design and construction contracts have been concluded, tenders for long-cycle manufacturing equipment have been initiated and further space for company growth is expected to be opened as new projects move forward and implement.
1 “Walu Heung Lit (600426): q4 lubricant, concern for company long-term planning” won, with shares now corresponding to 10 x, 9x, and 8x, respectively. The “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Steady, the introduction of ethanol will release a growing coal-chemical high-quality white horse.