[UNCC] Hualuheungl (600426) - Performance loops are better than the reverse market, highlighting strong corporate cost controls, and the decline in comparison is mainly due to lower unit prices for corporate products during the reporting period, but the ring targets are up and profit margins are guaranteed.
Warluhingl, the company’s strong cost-control capabilities are demonstrated by the historical high of the industry’s continuing low profile. (600426): second quarter performance is bright.
The company ' s cost of sales in the second quarter was 2.67 per cent (1.49 per cent over the same period last year), due mainly to a record increase in product sales, a global return to high oil prices and an increase in the cost of logistics transport. The management cost was 0.86 per cent; the financial cost was 1.12 per cent (1.04 per cent over the same period last year);
Warluheung Litt of Wirtschaftsprüfer fully exploits the soft, multi-lined, multi-variate co-production advantage, has strong resistance to cyclical properties, is still strong in profitability, and oil prices are strong.
The company’s cost advantage is expected to be highlighted by the weakness of the chemical industry as a whole in the second quarter, as a result of the downside of the domestic economy, the fall in oil prices and the friction of peripheral trade. And yet, the company’s performance is still improving by relying on a “multiline” co-production advantage and strong cost-control capabilities.
Some of the fertilizer-functionality project installations were successfully put into operation in May, with company urea based on coal and coal, water-coal gasification, with advantages in process, technology, management, etc., and product costs leading the industry.
The average price of Doddung dmf products is $4,850 per ton, and the price of China-dong methanol is $2341 per ton, with a price differential, with the company having a domestic market share of more than 30 per cent through its leadership strategy and brand advantage, with a strong competitive edge. The average price of acetic acid in the East China region for the second quarter is $4,465 per ton, and the price difference of acetic acid-methanol is $2124 per ton.
Tens of tons, +146.15 per cent, ring ratio - 9.73 per cent, average price of $4490 per ton, 34.7 per cent, ring ratio - 8.47 per cent.The price of acetic acid was raised by the El-Yima bombing, and the three-quarter performance is expected to improve continuously.
The company’s bid for acetic acid has reached $2900 per ton, an increase of 13.7% over the pre-accident period, and its current capacity of 500,000 tons of acetic acid production is expected to fully benefit from the continuous improvement in performance resulting from rising prices. Consider the firm’s strong cost-control capabilities, strong resistance to cyclical fluctuations, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The company is one of the three major white horses in the chemical industry, the leader of the national coal industry, with the lowest-cost synthesynthetic gas capacity in the industry, with a strong resistance to cyclical fluctuations. The industry is now in a low-winding valley (the prices of ethanol, dmf, etc. are at the bottom of history), with the industry’s rising atmosphere and the coming 1.5 million tons of endemide project, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow steadily.
Crude oil price fluctuations, trade frictions, less than expected demand.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.