In the first half of 19 months, companies issued performance announcements that generated $7,076 million, yoy + 1.12 per cent in the first half of the year and recorded a net profit of $1,309 million, yoy-22.09 per cent, equivalent to 0.805 dollars per share, of which two quarters
Cost advantages are evident, resistance to market risks is strong, bottom performance is secure, the price of the superimposed product is steadily rising, companies have been resilient for 19 years, multiple reserve projects have been launched in the long run, and the public sector maintains a “buy-in” rating for future growth.
In terms of sales, 122.38 tons of fertilizers were sold in the first half of the year (+180.08%), of which the increase in the volume of fertilizers and polyols was notably due to the same increase in the volume of new energy releases.
The average price of won/tons (-18.75 per cent), adipic acids and intermediates is $7361/ton (23.07 per cent), acetic acids are affected by the fall in the prices of corporate products, with the combined Māori rate falling by 3.77 per cent to 29.36 per cent in the first half of the year in comparison with the same year, while the volume of products increased, resulting in a small increase in the first half of the year and a decline in net profits on the same basis.
The medium-term cost of sales increased by 1.06 percentage points to 2.67 per cent owing to the increase in the volume of sales and the cost of logistics, while the increase in expenditure on R & D increased by 1.78 percentage points to 2.28 per cent as a result of the fall in the price of the second quarter, the increase in the performance of the second quarter, and the resilience of the performance: the second quarter market price
The upper urea ring ratio increased by 3.45 per cent, while the dmf ring decreased by 2.46 per cent, the aditate ring by 5.91 per cent, the acetic ring by 11.58 per cent, the methanol ring by 4.91 per cent, the ethanol ring by 12.61 per cent, and the capable fertilizer products increased production and sales and reduced output by two of the larger products.
Quarterly single-season fertilizer production ring sales increased by 14.7 per cent, 12.8 per cent, polyol production decreased by 13.03 per cent, companies fully developed “one-line” flexible multi-manufacturing business models, reduced efficiency gains, single-season combined Māori rates increased by 1.63 percentage points to 31.18 per cent, and corporate combined Māori rates for the first half of the year.
The decline is significantly less than the decline in product prices, as can be seen from the company’s ability to smooth down the price volatility of the product, which is particularly strong in the context of the downside of the chemical landscape. Looking forward to the city, industry: affected by the explosion in the sound hydrochemical complex, Jiangsu has re-engineered the chemical complex, while at the same time treating the chemical complex.
At the national level, “repatriation to the park” has accelerated and is subject to a high threshold of entry and limited number of parks, with a reduction of about 60% in chemical parks in Shandong Province, which will become a scarce resource, and with the withdrawal of small and medium-sized production capacity, the market share is expected to be concentrated in leading companies in the park.
On the other hand, at the end of 18th year, the new 500,000 tonnes of ethanol project, the 50,000 tonnes of melamine project, continued to contribute to incremental production, while, on the other hand, there was a clear advantage in the company ' s gasification costs, the chemical products were at the bottom and the prices of some of them recovered steadily, and the company ' s 19-year elasticity.
Reserve projects have been opened with high potential for future growth: the company Ammonium and nylon new materials projects, and the lymphatic diacid upgrading projects have been launched, with 30 months of construction, 446 million yuan of profit from construction, 24 months of construction, 296 million yuan from construction, and two projects.
The construction is financed by company-owned funds and bank loans, and the company is currently financing about $3.1 billion, plus net profits and depreciation costs from the company’s subsequent business continuity. The company relies on gasification platforms to continuously expand the company’s industrial chain, optimize the product structure, etc.
Increased profitability and potential for future growth. Future performance growth and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.