Centre for Resource and Environmental Research (CREDEE) Effective regulation of downstream product production, risk diversification for long-term sound development
The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which generated revenues of $7,076 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 1.1 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $1.309 billion, a decrease of 22.09 per cent in the same year, and a second-quarter net return to the mother of the company.
Prices of acid, dmf, ethanol, etc. are still falling significantly, offsetting the growth of the company’s 500,000 tons of ethanol released, which in the first half of the year was almost even. In the process of falling prices for most products, companies used their co-production of gas platforms and later diversified product layouts.
Cost Control Strengths, which once again highlight the company's flexibility in the regulation of fertilizer-chemical products. Since 2018, our nitrogen production enterprises have been affected by such factors as environmental protection, small-scale enterprises have been phased out, and the supply and demand of the nitrogen-fertilization industry has been tight and facing numerous chemicals.
“Walu Heungl, a “focusing” and “long-minded” product, with companies maximizing the production of fertilizer products such as liquid ammonia and urea, with product sales increasing by 54 per cent and ring by 13 per cent on a par; and companies actively adjusting the latter part of polyols, organics, etc.
The ratio of production to production in sub-sectors such as ammonium allows for stable, high-profit operations in a number of operations. The Māori rate of the company’s product remains at over 30% in the 2nd quarter, which exceeds the profit level of the product in the 1st quarter.
Optimized patterns in the fertilizer sector and better profitability of related products, such as nitrogen fertilizer, provide firmer support for corporate performance, while prices for products such as acetic acid and ethanol, whose prices have fallen sharply in the first half of the year, have recovered slightly from prices affected by inadequate supply, and companies are expected to maintain robust growth in the future.
In 2019, the company started the project on ammonium and nylon new materials and the project on the improvement of the quality of lymphosic acid, which will lead to the development of the company in the medium term through autonomous research and development and extension of the product chain layout, in addition to the company’s future.
The company’s front-line gasification platform has a very high cost advantage, the latter product is flexible enough to regulate production, and the company’s diversified layout is expected to reduce the risk of price volatility and raise the company’s profit forecast.
Risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of substantial deterioration of downstream demand; price declines, such as urea. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment