The M & As is the next step, and small product expansion continues to advance.
The company issued an out-of-source announcement to obtain combustible petrel oil at a price of RMB 169,175,000, and the share transfer from the seafood industry plus the enrichment of 67 per cent of the combustible petrel estate stock, which is being traded in the seafood industry in the form of an initial transfer of shares and a build-up of shares, with the first natural person Liu Yin General
The share held in the equivalent of $45.2502 million of the registered capital of the Hmong estate (43 per cent of the registered capital) is transferred to the sea stench industry, which replenishs the Hmong estate. The share transfer price is $63.1225 million and the replenishment is $106 million. Prior to the transaction, the Hmong estate had a registered capital of $105.0 million, and Liu Yin held 100 per cent of the shares;
Upon completion of the transaction, the registered capital of Yon Yue Hwang was changed to $181 million, the sea weather industry held 67 per cent of the shares, the natural person, and the unit held 33 per cent of the shares compared with the trend of Xiang Yu 300. The net asset value of Yung Hwang Hwang was 53.921 million as at 30 September 2019.
In dollar terms, the company obtained 43% of the equity cash exchange of $63.1225 million and the premium rate was over 170%. Sea weather industry was estimated to have obtained the share price of the fatty petret estate at about $1.4/registered capital.
\triangleright, this M&A will help to further upgrade the seafood industry's coarse processing and storage capacity for raw materials, and on the other hand, the sesame sesame-coded operating plate, the main plant oil for the petrel farm.
Distribute, process, and sell, especially in the best sesame oil production, the company being the leader of the first sesame-cooking oil, and the founder of the cold sesame-cooking cooking oil, the “Ten Chinese Sesame Processing Enterprises” selected by the China Food Industry Association of the United Federation in 2012 to date, so that it has a certain branding advantage. At the same time, the seafood industry owns itself.
As a result, we see the future of the sea as a source of sesame oils and sesame oils, which combine with the original branding of petrels, creating a large-scale focus on sesame oil operations. At the industry angle, the sesame oil industry has a better growth space than traditional oils and a very fragmented competition pattern: 1.
In recent years, sales in the sesame-based sector have been increasing faster than in the oil-eating sector in general (based on China's fat grid and Euro-Wise data, the sale of sesame oil in 16-18 years was 6 per cent, compared to 2 per cent for the same period), and the trend is expected to remain unchanged over the next five years; 2. In terms of competition patterns:
Despite the fact that the market for vegetable oils in our country has largely departed from the era of bulk oil, the sesame oil industry is still dominated by small-scale processing and production, with a larger share of the market selling bulk oil and a highly fragmented pattern of competition. Therefore, in the context of the industry as a whole, and as the name of the “Yellow House” gradually moves into the sea, we look forward to the future of Hai Tin Chi.
The sesame oil business is growing faster than the industry as a whole and is gradually reaping its share of the sesame oil market.
1. Sea weather industry (603288) 3-quarterly review in 19: 1. Energy end: Seaday launched a smart 2.2 million tons of spice expansion project at the end of 2017, with a total expansion of 2.2 million tons (of which 1.5 million tons of soy sauce, 300,000 tons of soy sauce, 400,000 tons of composite spices) and new soy sauce production capacity
With steady growth in performance, regional and channel expansion providing an increase in the taste of the sauce, cagr, about 15 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively, the release of capacity was the "3 by 5" exercise, which began in 19 and was growing rapidly and steadily, with a better balance in the region.
The tone of sustained growth has been laid; 2. At the end of the product: the concentration of resources on the three main cores of soy sauce, alfon oil, soy sauce, the promotion of the structure of soy sauce, the volume of soybean oil and the strengthening of the new market for soy sauce, with emphasis on the development and cultivation of new products such as vinegar, alcohol and soy sauce, and the weight of the company ' s small products such as corrosion milk, vine, sesame oil, etc., have been increased since the company was listed.
Visibleness; 3. Channel end: Actively push down channels to expand the number of salesmen and distributors to enable the development of lower-line empty markets in the central-western region and boost revenue growth. Overall, short-boarding, long-plate stretching of companies in the context of the three-tier reform of the production/goods/channels, with a strong focus on the company ' s future performance
To, taking into account the company's three-pronged approach to production capacity, products and channels, it is expected that future corporate performance will grow faster than the industry average. Overall, the “recommended” rating will be maintained.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized in Jing, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Science. In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Human Security, Xuyang, research assistant in the food and beverages industry and master of finance.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.