The start of the 19th round is on track, the 20th goal is a steady increase in the confidence of the strong, performance is on track, the three main categories go hand in hand, regional development is more balanced and 1.7 per cent less, income and sales are on the rise, and sales are on the same footing as 24.4 per cent more a ton.
A 1.8 per cent decrease, maintaining a relatively rapid overall growth rate; the same 12.3 per cent increase in the sale of sauce, the same price for tons, the slowdown in the east, the faster growth in the centre and west and the proposed speed in the west. At the end of the period, the number of corporate national distributors stood at 5806, with a net increase of 999 during the year, mainly in the north.
In the middle and west, where mature market channels in the north have been refined, growth markets in the centre and west have expanded faster through distributors. Sub-channels have generated $18,762 million, or 15.1%, in corporate distribution channels.
The company ' s combined Māori rate was 45.4 per cent, a decrease of 1.0 pct over the same period, mainly due to higher procurement costs and a higher share of the revenue from the low Māori rate. The Māori rate was 2.6 per cent for soy sauce, alfalfa and flavour sauce, as well as lower advertising and promotion fees; and the management and R&D rates were different.
The net profit on the company’s ownership was $5.53 billion, or 22.6 per cent, for the year, of which q4 was $1.518 billion, or 23.0 per cent, with a single-quarter net profit, capacity and channels expanding in a synchronized manner, accelerating the science, technology and innovation drive.
During the reporting period, the productive capacity of the production base continued to increase, with an annual capacity increase of 400,000 tons, and the second phase of construction initiated by Jiangsuhai, which is now partially operational, with an annual capacity increase of 200,000 tons, with the company ' s current capacity estimated at about 3.35 million tons at the end of 2019, with an overall capacity utilization rate of 95 per cent left
At the same time, the company initiated a transformational upgrading of its networks, products, groups, and speeded up the web layout and improved the product structure of its distributors, Seafood (603288) 2019q1 performance rating: q1
The depth and breadth of the network will continue to increase in 2020.
In the reporting period, a number of smart information systems were deployed in the areas of single processing, production of discharges and production and distribution of production and supply chain integration.
Seafood Industries (603288) 2019q3 rating: q3 performance is steady, processes operate automatically and efficiently, with significant results in digitization, transparency and dehumanization, growth, continued expansion of production and channels
The cost of manufacturing and direct labour in the three main groups of commodities will fall in proportion to the same rate. In the future, companies will accelerate the fission of information technology operations, using smart manufacturing as a tool to achieve further liftings, drops, small increases in profit projections due to the high cost of controls and increased financial returns.
The epidemic has an impact on the q1 sector, but it does not change the taste industry, which is driven by the rising trend of catering, development and consumption, and the emergence of many kinds of risks, such as brands, production, channels, etc.
With stronger attributes, the epidemic is expected to accelerate its share head-to-head and increase in reverse growth over time. Keeping “upscaling the epidemic under control, food security risks, price volatility of raw materials, brain drain, risk of decline in industry, etc.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.