Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco. Yearly review of seafood: net profit is slightly higher than expected, and the "3 by 5" planning is well under way.
The company announced in 2019 that it had achieved business income of 19.797 billion yuan during the reporting period and invested 10 million yuan in the establishment of the fully-owned company Guangdong Rise Biotech Ltd. (tentative name) to consolidate and deepen the operations of the Accent Master Camp.
I. Improved gross sales margin for the fourth quarter, slightly higher net profits than anticipated Income for the single fourth quarter, slightly higher than expected net profits, mainly due to a recovery in the Maori rate, total equity/flow (million shares)
At the same time, the cost rate has fallen. The gross sales margin has improved significantly, with net interest rates on sales.
The main reasons for the increase in the Māori rate include the scale effect of production, the price of packages and food additives, among others, the seafood industry (603288), the sea weather industry: a steady decline in performance and a decline in sales sales. Total annual income is $19.797 billion, net profit is $5.53 billion.
Ken, with a clear strategy, a three-by-five-plan vision, both exceeded the target for the beginning of the year (19.76 billion, net profit of $5.238 billion), the "3-by-five" seafood industry (603288), the three-quarterly report of the seafood industry:
In 2019, the revenue from soy sauce, sauce sauce and aphid oil increased by 13.60 per cent, respectively, and the seafood industry (603288) was rated as the seafood industry:
The main reasons for the decline in the tonnage price of the main product are, inter alia, increased discounts, separation of freight costs and revenues, lower value-added tax benefits, and continued increases in net interest rates.
-2019/08/14 The sauce continues to recover and the aphids rise further.
In the subregion, the main markets were generally evenly balanced. In the western and central regions, income growth was faster; in the fourth quarter alone, there was a slowdown in the eastern region. In the second half of the year, new recruits were concentrated in the northern and western regions and the southern regions.
The number of distributors has increased by 999 for the year, bringing the total to 5806, and the annual report of the seafood industry assesses that net profits are slightly higher than expected, that the “3 by 5” plan starts well, and that the cost rate has improved to cover the Māori rate, and that the net interest rate has risen.
The overall cost of direct materials increased by 18.72 per cent over the year, and the cost of generating business increased by 18.44 per cent over the same year, exceeding the income increase. For sub-products, the Māori rate of soy sauce, flavour sauce, and americ oil decreased by 0.17 pct, 0.19 pct, 2.96 pct, respectively.
As a follow-up, it is expected that, after the end of the new crown epidemic, it will be possible to benefit from the weakening of international oil prices and the price of the package: but prices such as direct raw materials and food additives are likely to rise: at the same time, in order to cope with the impact of the epidemic, promotion costs may increase, and the burden of amortization of the cost of technological change is likely to increase compared with the pressure of amortization.
In 2019, the share of non-beat oils will rise further, and multiple factors will continue to put pressure on the Maori rate. While the rate of Maori through online channels is high (54.63% last year) and growing rapidly, enhancing production and cost management effectiveness is expected to increase overall operational efficiency and lower costs.
Sales costs have decreased by 2.27 per cent over the year and 10.93 per cent over the year, while sales costs have improved as a result of the company's enhanced cost input output management and optimized cost input structure, on the one hand, and the dealer's increased self-carriage, sale prices and freight costs, on the other.
The increase in the number of separations is related. Management costs have increased by 18.06 per cent over the year, and administrative cost rates have been secured, both in terms of scale and efficiency, and combined competitiveness has been further enhanced.
Earlier in 2020, in response to spring season sales, the company increased the corresponding stock of finished products and raw materials at the end of 2019, resulting in an increase of $600 million (+49.81 per cent) in inventory as compared to the beginning of the year, and an increase of $860 million (+26.61 per cent) in pre-receipt payments from distributors.
As a result, current liabilities have increased and stock turnover has declined. The overall quality of the statements has been healthy, with the impact of year-on-year clearances eliminated.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has left the socio-economic sector, especially the catering sector, stagnant for two months, with a greater impact on the company’s operations and marketing, especially its catering channels, but always within manageable limits. In this context, the company’s business goals for 2020 have not been revised downwards, with plans for operating revenues, net profits, and
A feasibility analysis of business objectives, which we believe to be more likely to be achieved in the course of the year: First, despite the disruption of catering channels during the epidemic, rigid demand has led to good household consumption, which is evaluated by the Year of Seafood Industry: net profits are slightly over-expected, and the “3 by 5” plan is well under way.
(b) Second, the domestic epidemic is largely over, the catering industry is returning to the market at an accelerated pace, and, in the long term, catering will continue to be an important driver of steady growth in the taste industry; and third, the epidemic is accelerating.
Industry shuffling and the withdrawal of some small brands, companies taking advantage of their own advantages to further enhance market access: fourth, benefiting from sales network encryption, new energy release and new channel models, companies are expected to achieve multi-purpose, new channels, new business convergences, and drive business fission.
In this way, we judge that the company is likely to achieve its income growth target by 2020; and that there is a higher than expected potential for net profit growth, combined with cost budgets and prior-period inputs.
At present, firms are growing normally in terms of production, technology, and management, and firms are stable. Market levels, balanced growth across major regions, networks, and income sizes continue to grow benignly.
Looking ahead, with the expansion of local production capacity, the upgrading of products and the expansion of online channels and internationalization, the company’s four main categories of goods will grow continuously and faster. At the same time, the company will continue to accelerate business fission and new business developments, online operations, export operations, etc.
The seafood industry, thanks to its distinctive brand, channel, class of goods and size, continues to expand the moat river, benefiting from the boost in concentration, the consumption uplifting dividend, the scale dividend, and the management of the dividends.
The company will continue to maintain sustained and robust growth in the future, and the “3 by 5” plan is expected to be successfully achieved. Considering the steady and sustained growth in performance, as well as the premium premium on the flagship valuation, and the beginning of stability in the peripheral markets, the year of seafood industry reviews: net profits are slightly over-expected, and the “3 by 5” plan is well under way.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.