Seafood industry (603288): steady growth in income, with a higher rate of re-innovation of net interest rates: 22.64 per cent; net profit after deduction: $5,084 million, or 23.27 per cent, compared to the previous; operating income of $4,972 million for the 2019q4 quarter, or the same amount.
• A steady annual increase in income and a renewed increase in net interest rates. The company has diversified its products in the spice industry, including soy sauce, aphid oil, soy sauce, vinegar, chicken sperm,
Favourables, wine, and soy sauce, sauce sauce and aphid oil are still the most important products in the world. The company has developed both in size and efficiency throughout 2019, with a net profit rate of 1.42 pct to 27.06% higher, with innovation and competitiveness.
In terms of the product, the soybean oil has grown by 11,629 million yuan, an increase of 13.60 per cent, a steady increase, and the sauce has increased by 2,291 million yuan, an increase of 9.52 per cent, an increase of 9.52 per cent.
Restorative growth; arithmetic revenue of $3.490 billion, an increase of 22.21 per cent (volume +24.4 per cent and price - 1.75 per cent) over the same period, further increasing the competition for and leadership of the ale oil, allowing the product to remain dynamic and dynamic; and other vinegar, alcohol, etc.
Small products also contribute more than 1.3 billion dollars in income. By region, the country’s regional areas are growing evenly, the western regions are growing at the fastest rate, reaching 24.05%, and the South, East, Central, North and other regions are also stable by more than two digits.
• Improved efficiency of operations and good cost controls. Cost rate for the whole year 2019 was 10.91 per cent, a decrease of 2.76 pct over the same period, mainly due to enhanced cost input output management and optimization of the cost input structure of companies.
The decrease of 2.20 pcc is mainly due to a corresponding decrease in freight costs and effective control of other sales costs due to an increase in the proprio motu ratio of distributors; the administrative cost rate of 1.46 per cent represents a slight increase of 0.02 pccc, mainly due to growth in the scale of operations, remuneration expenses of managers and other sales costs
Other management costs have increased accordingly; financial costs - 1.48 per cent, the same period last year - 0.90 per cent, mainly due to the company ' s continued enhanced financial management, with net financial returns compared to the company ' s future perspective. (1) The company ' s multiple product markets are in the lead and even in the future.
The company will benefit first and foremost as the market expands. (2) As the market expands, the company ' s overall capacity utilization will increase.
About 95% of the total. The bright sea sky continues to expand the productive capacity of its production base, increasing production capacity by 400,000 tons per year, and Jiangsu has launched phase two, which is now partially operational, with an increase of 200,000 tons per year, guaranteeing stable market development.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.