Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Center Sustained steady growth, accelerating the expansion of the lead companies publish annual reports, yielding business income of $19.797 billion, an increase of 16.22 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother
Income growth continued to be robust, with diversified and balanced development: the company grew 16.22% of its annual income, successfully meeting performance targets, maintaining a consistent steady growth of the company; and diversified products, regional balance and healthy channels. By product category, the three main categories of soy sauce, aphid oil and sauce were:
The air continues to hit the city: the aphid oil sustains a rapid growth of more than 20% as it moves from local to nationalization and from catering to the population: the sauce is recovering by increasing its efficiency and carrying capacity. The company’s other miniature spices earn 1.350 billion yuan, compared to 20.4%, and the product expands as scheduled.
1. Purchase of Leather House, platform-type conservatory business values, and diversification of product structure. Regionally, the company’s five major regions have seen double-digit growth, with expectations - Seatime Trade Assessment Report, 2020.1.2.
Regional development is balanced and shared, with the central and western regions taking the lead. According to the sub-channels, the company continues to improve the layout of offline distribution channels, with 999 new distributors, while actively expanding the line.
The decline in the Māori rate + the innovation in net interest rates for cost-efficient boosters: corporate Māori rates and net interest rates. 3. Performance meets expectations, and the dominant advantage continues to deepen -
The impact of the decline in the Māori rate has led to a re-innovation of the firm’s net interest rate level. The decline in the company’s Māori rate has been mainly influenced by the sustained steady growth, high innovation in net interest rates – the rise in the share of the non-sattle oil business and the higher cost of purchasing raw materials, such as soy beans.
10.9 per cent, a 2.8 per cent drop in the same year; 2.2 per cent drop in the sales rate, strong brand visibility 5. " 2 by 5", continued steady growth in the lead, made the company's marketing costs more effective, and the higher self-initiated ratio of dealers reduced freight costs.
It is clear that corporate management costs continue to be low at 1.5%, and that management efficiency is high. The epidemic’s steady growth target accelerates the expansion of the lead: corporate planning revenue in 2020 + 15%, net profits + 18% performance target, steady progress towards “3 by 5” development and accelerated market expansion
Lu Xiaowei, first advantage. The epidemic does not lower its performance targets, maintains a steady growth trend. We believe that the epidemic is still short-term. In the long run, we prefer to improve the overall response of the industry to systemic risks.
Capacity to accelerate industrial concentration. We have a long-term vision of companies using listed platforms to optimize resource allocation in an endogenous and extended manner, to enrich product structures, to further strengthen corporate barriers to competition, and to increase market ownership, and to become truly a platform-based front-loading conglomerate group.
The impact of the epidemic, changes in the price of raw materials, food safety, and an analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market