The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreational Studies, which buys the Leather House, the platform-type tasters are worth looking forward to the company's basics.
Yin is an excellent sesame oil producer: Yin is a professional sesame oil producer, owned by the name of the sesame oil, led by the Chinese head-grabbing sesame oil industry, and the founder of the Chinese “cold sesame cooking oil”, mainly producing sesame oil and sesame cooking.
The company was established in 2007 and has extensive experience in the production and sale of sesame oils. It is a major participant in the revision of national standards and industry standards, such as sesame oil. It is the “Ten Top Enterprises in China during Sesame Processing”.
The income levels of $432.3.19 million and 228 million, respectively, have been fixed in size and market competitiveness in the area of sesame oil segmentation.
The acquisition further enhanced the company’s influence in the area of disaggregation: sesame oil contains a wealth of vitamins and trace elements that are irreplaceable in cooking such as blending, souping, etc. Market niches are medium low and tend to increase both growth and concentration. The company had pre-existing fabrics in the area of sesame oil.
“Performance meets expectations, and the vanguard’s strengths continue to deepen - Bureau, with a series of sesame oils and sesame oils from the "Golden Valley" series, but not the company’s core product, smaller in size. After this acquisition, the company’s channels and brand advantages were added to its research and development capabilities.
Strengths and size advantages are expected to lead to the company ' s 500 million-dollar-sized breakdown of sesame oil series, which will be upgraded by 3. " Sustained steady growth with high net interest rate innovation - the importance of the sea sky. " On the other hand, the experience and ability of the sesame-based estate to produce manufacturing in the field of sesame oil will be enhanced.
The company further enhanced its raw materials processing capacity, and the regional influence of the Hulk House also helped the company to upgrade its storage and distribution capacity and take the opportunity to deepen the company's sesame oil layout.
The platform-type connoisseur group is looking forward to it: China has grown to be the leading market brand, with the firm with the absolute lead, the three core categories have reached the top of the industry, and the company is at a stage of multi-species growth. But the company’s share in the whole market is still low, and I will be in the future.
They look to companies using listed platforms to optimize resource allocation in an endogenous and extra-extensive manner, to enrich product structures through experience in such products as sauce and oil, and to further strengthen corporate barriers to competition, while increasing market ownership and becoming a truly leading platform-based flagship group.
Changes in prices of raw materials, food safety issues, output expansion less than expected Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment