Performance meets expectations, long-term logical clarity, 19-year annual review of the seafood industry (603288)
The company published its 19-year annual report. During the reporting period, the company achieved 19.797 billion yuan, compared with 16.22 per cent, a net return profit of 5.353 billion yuan, compared with 22.64 per cent, with a proposed contribution of $10.8 (including taxes) per 10 shares.
During the reporting period, the company earned 19.797 billion yuan, compared to 16.22 per cent, the equivalent of 4,972 million yuan, the equivalent of q4, representing a net return to the mother of 1,518 million yuan, compared to 23.06 per cent, and maintained a stable acceleration. In 19 years, the company returned more than +14.34 per cent. Overall, the company's performance was consistent with wind's expectations.
With 2,291 million won in the sauce business, compared to 9.52 per cent in the same year, the acceleration ring vibrator was evident, mainly due to the b-end, the unit compared to the depth of 300, and the aphid oil business earned $3,490 million, compared to 22.21 per cent in the same year, making a significant contribution to performance growth.
The splitting price, the increase in revenue in all three major industries, is due to higher sales: 19 years of soy sauce/favorite sauce/salt oil sales + 16 per cent/+12 per cent/+24 per cent respectively, and a ton price + 1.75 per cent/- 2.51 per cent/-1.75 per cent respectively, and a ton price decline is associated with partial cost costing. The subregion, thanks to the downswing of the channel, has been able to produce a significant amount in mid-19 years in the western region.
Increased overall revenue, with the Central region receiving 3,743 million yuan (+18.57 per cent) in 19 years; and the Western region, with 5806 total distributors by the end of 19, representing a net increase of 999 compared to the end of 18 years, with the largest net increase (+436) in the largest and slowest-growing distribution patterns in the Northern region, which is judged to be the mature regional channels.
Further refinement of the tunnel is beneficial in the long term; the smallest net increase in distributors in the central and western regions is second only to the northern region (central + 172; western + 223), mainly due to the expansion of outlets in empty areas. Māori ratio: three-fold factors lead to pressure on the Māori rate; net interest rate: sales/fiscal cost decline boosts net interest rates
(a) Māori ratio: attributed mainly to the increase in procurement costs, the increase in the share of aphid oil and partial cost costing, with company-wide Māori rate of 45.44 per cent in 19 years, compared to 1.03 ppt, with a marked decline in the Māori rate for the soy sauce/travada/sale oil operations, respectively, resulting in a reversal of net interest rates, mainly due to a decrease in the cost of sales and financial costs;
In terms of sales cost, 19-year-to-2.2ppt rates for company sales, with freight/advertisement/promotion costs remaining surplus, respectively; 19-year-to-0.58 per cent ratios for financial costs, mainly due to interest on deposits-0.59 ppt; and 19-year ratios for corporate management/research and development costs, respectively
1. Seafood Industry (603288): M & A Implementation of short-term radical marketing techniques is expected to have a partial impact on the outbreak; the long-term is still worth looking forward to \triangleright
In the next step, small-scale expansion is continuing, and the company plans to meet its revenue target of 22,780 million yuan in 2020, i.e. + 15 per cent in comparison with the profit target of $6.32 billion, i.e. 2. three-quarterly review of the seafood industry (603288) in 19:
Monthly performance is inevitable, but the timely roll-out of a discounted marketing campaign targeting catering channels, ka/bc, circulation channels, robust growth and expansion of regions and channels will help to stimulate the channel's active additions to stock movements and the build-up of demand after the resumption of catering.
In terms of digestion, we judge that the negative impact of the epidemic on income is expected to be better hedged throughout the year; in the long term, in the context of the three-tier reform of the production/goods/channels, the company ' s short-plate is being made up, the long-plate is long-term, and the company ' s future performance is being firmly valued for its continued release.
2.2 million tons (of which 1.5 million tons of soy sauce, 300,000 tons of soy sauce, 400,000 tons of composite spices), new soy sauce production can be nearly doubled from present to present, with an annual increase of 400,000 tons in high-quality production capacity starting in 20 years, while Jiangsu's natural capacity is expected to increase.
New market development, with emphasis on new products such as vinegar and alcohol, and a sustained increase in emphasis on small products such as milk, vinegar, sesame oil (Multi-purchase of the Yank House): 3. Channel 3: Actively push the channel to sink further, further develop the village channel through the expansion of the number of salesmen and distributors. It is hoped that revenue growth will be sustained.
Given the company’s three-pronged approach to production capacity, products, and channels, it is expected to grow faster in the future than the industry average. Overall, the “recommended” rating is maintained.
The impact of the epidemic is expected, consumption is not rising as expected, prices of upstream raw materials are abnormally high, food security risks are high, and Beijing University has a bachelor ' s degree in economics and a master ' s degree in securities. In 2011, it entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Human Security.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.