In the evening of 30 October 2025, China Oil issued its third quarterly report for 2025. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved operating income of 2,169,256 million yuan, a decrease of 3.86 per cent, compared with the previous three quarters.
Of this amount, the third quarter achieved operating income of $719.157 billion, an increase of 238 per cent and a 3.18 per cent increase in the ring; the net return to the mother of $42,287 million, a decrease of 3.70 per cent, a decline in the ring of 3.70 per cent, a decline in the price of oil; the bottom line of the oil price; and the development of the exploration and exploitation plate, which has been a drag on the business. At the end of the oil price, entry
In 2025, against the backdrop of some macro-stress and relatively inadequate industrial support, the crude oil market in the first half of the year was weak and price weights were shifting downwards; the third quarter was affected by international trade disputes, frequent disturbance of the geo-situation situation and the United States oil run-off cycle, with international oil prices as a whole.
The average Brent oil price was $70 per barrel in the first three quarters of 2025, a 15% decline in the same period, with an average oil price of $68 per barrel in the third quarter, a 2% rise in the ring. The company’s performance in the first three quarters fell somewhat, but the overall performance fell slightly less than the price of oil, as a result of the downside of oil prices.
The company’s ability to resist risks is high. The profits of the first three quarters of the company’s oil and gas and new energy sources, refining and new materials, sales panels, gas sales panels, and the company’s upstream oil and gas and new energy operations have been costly to the company’s performance, and the refining of the plates has been profitable.
Oil and gas production has continued to grow, and efficiency gains have deepened further. Companies have moved forward in the first three quarters of 2025 to increase their domestic exploration and exploitation efforts, and continue to optimize overseas business structures and asset layouts to be effective.
Production was 1,377.2 million barrels, an increase of 2.6 per cent over the same period, with crude oil production of 714.3 million barrels, an increase of 0.8 per cent over the same period, natural gas production of 662.9 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 4.6 per cent over the same period, and oil and gas production increasing steadily.
In three quarters, the unit operating cost of oil and gas was $10.79 per barrel, a decrease of 6.1 per cent over the same period, with a significant reduction. With regard to new energy sources, the company accelerated the improvement of the new energy business layout, the new energy business maintained a high rate of growth, with wind power generation increasing by 72.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Quarterly crude oil processing at 1.040.6 million barrels, almost the same level as the same period last year, yielding 89.59 million tons of finished oil, or 0.4 per cent of the same amount, of finished oil sales plates, and overcoming the market for finished oil.
The impact of declining demand, product by product, segment targeting differentiation, fine-tuning marketing policies, cindasecuitiesco., Ltd. contributed to a reverse increase in sales of domestic finished oil, and sales of corporate finished oil in the previous three quarters
In Beijing, the city's west-city area is known as the Golden Gate A127 West Avenue, building B. 12,087 million tons, or +0.8% of the year, mainly from diesel fuel and kerosene products.
In the first three quarters, the company continued to optimize the operation of the device and product structure, moving forward with the upgrading of the conversion, achieving a volume of 2,959 million tons of chemical products, an increase of 3.3 per cent compared with the production of new materials. See, the current overall supply and demand in the refining industry is still relatively weak, but the company ' s refining plate accelerates production.
Optimization, optimization of resource allocation, continued acceleration of new material development and increased risk-resistant capacity during the industry’s downturn. The contribution of natural gas sales has increased significantly, resulting in a two-fold increase in volume effectiveness.
\triangleright and international, long-term and off-the-shelf, continuously optimizing the pool structure, controlling combined procurement costs, steadily increasing sales efficiency, and significant growth in third-quarter performance loops.
The sale of natural gas, 218,541 million cubic metres, an increase of 4.2 per cent over the same period, and the domestic sale of natural gas, 17,892 million cubic metres, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period, increased the security margins of the company's performance, resulting in a sudden increase in the effectiveness of the company's natural gas industry chain.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect net return profits for the company for the period 2025-2027 to repair performance in the \triangleright efficiency drive, respectively, and we maintain the company's “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: lower than expected risk of production from increased storage; risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of lower than expected production from new construction capacity of companies; risk of less than expected rehabilitation of downstream demand; new energy; projections from the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre; price collection on 30 October 2025
Dr. Zhog Ming, University of Mines (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Mineral Economics Society, member of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Advisory Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Ad Hoc Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (main holder), research consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for over 10 years and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning and Coal Planning Programme
In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector and is now the head of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of Technology on the petrochemical economy.
Committee members, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc., have led studies on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and have participated in the preparation of policy documents relating to the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.