\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \t3 \t3 \t3 \t216.6 billion in operating income for the company, a 3.9% decrease in the same year; net return profit for the mother; sale of finished oils and natural gas is the main driver of the increase in the profit ring of q3.
\triangleright Contribution from sales, natural gas sales, operating profit of $4.06.6.1265 billion, ring comparison of million barrels, same/ring ratio of 3.8 per cent/-0.7 per cent; of this, crude oil production of 238 million barrels, same/ring ratio
+1.9/+0.7 +12.6 billion cubic feet of natural gas production (approximately 36.6 billion cubic metres), same/ring ratio + 6.1/-2.2 per cent, according to Wind data, 25q3, Brent crude oil futures settlement averaged $68.17 / barrel, corresponding to/ring ratio - 13.4 per cent/+2.2 per cent, overall, the profitability of new hydrocarbon energy operations was comparable to the performance of the ring.
The efficiency gains from natural gas sales have been remarkable. 25q3, the company combines domestic and international, long-term contracts and off-the-shelf goods, and continues to optimize the pool structure and try to contain the costs of integrated procurement; and continues to increase marketing efforts and upgrade the top.
Efficient market sales ratio; active use of mechanisms such as online sales and efforts to improve marketing efficiency; vigorous development of direct customer and end-marketing operations; realization of natural gas sales of 67.1 billion cubic metres, corresponding to/ring ratio of 7.1 per cent/+3.1 per cent
The refining business advanced the transformation. 25q3, the crude oil processing volume of the company was 346 million barrels, and the ethylene core of the Gilling Pulse Refinery Upgrading Project was successfully driven in a single drive with the /ring \triangleright division.
1. China Oil (601857.sh) has made steady progress in semi-annual upgrading projects in 2025, such as the Department of Reporting and the Blue Sea New Materials Corporation.
In order to overcome the decline in demand in the market for finished oils, there is a strong margin of profit - 2025/08/27 - the company insists on guaranteed sales, shares, benefits, product sub-products, market targeting, differentiation, etc.
2. China Oil (601857.sh) Quarterly 2025
Increasing the operational capacity of international trade and promoting efficiency gains in the industrial chain. 25q3, the company ' s sales of gas/wood/coal oil, respectively. 3. China ' s oil (601857.sh) 2024 Annual Review: Investment proposal: the company is a domestic oil and gas flagship, rich in upstream resources and complete downstream industrial chains.
4. China Oil (601857.sh) Quarterly Report, 2024: Highest performance in the same period, with a promising increase in profitability \triangleright
Review: upstream efficiency gains, a steady increase in performance that highlights the risk of a recovery in demand below expectations. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.