Upper Gas Group (600104.sh): Double increase in sales of the ring in July, cumulative delivery of the smart 1.7 incident: Up Gas Group released the July Express and the company produced 51 million vehicles in July, compared to the same year
The company’s car sales have continued to return to the warmer state, over the industry’s low season of July, with 507,000 vehicles, a 43.7 per cent increase over the previous year.
Ring ratio + 4.8 per cent; achieved vehicle output of 51 million vehicles, a significant increase of 48.1 per cent, ring ratio + 3.6 per cent, increased production ratio brought about by the uplifting of the upper passenger vehicle and the uplifting of the upper gas utility Mitsubishi production; by brand, 10,000 vehicles, a corresponding ring + 27.8 per cent/- 8.2 per cent; and (4) upper gas utility Mitsubishi: 145,000 vehicles sold in July.
The company completes a round of financing and delivers a thousand in July. The smart car has completed a round of equity financing, financed by the cash transfer capital, and the upper consortium continues to make additional investments, with the introduction of various institutions, such as industrial and silver investment, which will be valued at around $30 billion.
The accumulated sales since the delivery of the early batch have broken down by thousands, at the level of 1 7 dimensions, 5098*3100*1960, mainly at the point where four wheels unique to the same level were turned to the all-round system, the wave Williams master chassis, 3.87s zero-speed, 32.69m 100-km brakes, dlp lights & sc interactive lamps, carlogs
Billion-grade smart cameras, multi-screen smart interactive systems. In the second half of the year, the platform suv sl7 will be on the market, and the matrix of the sibling + suv double flag ship will be further refined.
Three new carriages in the overseas market have performed well. 1) The Autonomous brand \triangleright series has been sold out in July, and the third generation of rx5 and super-mixed orders for the new car have broken rapidly. 2)
The sales of new energy vehicles are highly innovative, amounting to 106,000 vehicles, with the same ring ratio + 118 per cent/+15 per cent. Of these, the upper gas, with the same ring ratio + 91 per cent/+17 per cent, continues to look at pure electric super-power cross-border mgmulan sales in Europe and is expected to build up a regional market of 100,000 class sizes.
Fuel cell cars were commercialized, and the high-hydrotech reactor was self-researched for Tung Toyota. On August 4, on the “National Fuel Cell Vehicle Demonstration Application — Shanghai’s First Vehicle Centralization System”, a total of 410 upper-air fuel cell vehicles were officially commercialized.
Sinda Securities Inc. covers mpv, heavy cards, light cards, etc.
Core parts development, reactor integration, fuel cell system integration to power system integration.
The profitability and combined strength of hydrogen fuel cell block operations continues to improve. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: at the industry level, benefiting from favourable fuel vehicle acquisition policies, public \triangleright
We expect a sustained recovery of the Division's base plate; at the company's breaking point, autonomous brands will lead high-end brands in the field of smart electrodynamics, and a sustained increase in the volume of cash out of the sea. We expect corporate risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, shortage of chips, lack of overseas market expansion, and expectations.
New energy sales are growing less than expected, recurrent outbreaks, new models are being rolled out less than expected.
Figure 3: Monthly sales of upper gas to the public and the rate of increase
Figure 6: Monthly sales and acceleration of new energy vehicles on board
Fig. 9: Appearance of X-rays7 flag ship suv. Figure 10: A X-ray of X-rays7 flag ship suv. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the CVM-resumed qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.