Upper Steam Group (600104): Short-term performance pressure, smart power, and 22h1 company performance pressure, resulting in net return profit of $6.9 billion.
Of these, the accelerated decline in the performance of q2 companies q1 was due mainly to the impact of the Shanghai epidemic, which blocked production, supply, and demand in April, affecting sales of some 55-600,000 vehicles. Since the resumption of work in mid-April, the company has recovered to 118 per cent and 33 per cent of total sales in May and June.
The effects of lack, battery price hikes, etc., remain stressful, with spending and depreciation amortization at the stage of development during a major transformation of the product’s technical architecture. Autonomous brands accelerate the transformation of electric intelligence.
\triangleright +22%; 22h1 Group New Energy Vehicles, 393,000, +32.9%; Autonomous brand of New Energy New Models: 1 flyman will be on the market at the end of September for pure power suvr7.
Increased exploration of the new retail and refilling ecology. 2 wise-minded "car +suv double-flag" rules are about to be formed, with smart luxury electric suvls7 launched in the second half of the year, and two more pure electric smart b-types will continue next year, with the promise of combined sales. 3 medals and glorifications as autonomous brands.
Distribute the base plate, which will then accelerate the electrical transition using hybrid technology, with the third generation of rx5 and erx5 orders over 10,000: pure electric motor vehicle-type Equivalentimax8mpv, pure electric superpower crossing the border, and car mgmulan, which will be on the market in the second half of the year.
The company built a purely electrical systemic platform around smart electric vehicles, a Everest machine integration architecture, and three full-scale technological bases of the Star River hydrogen energy exclusive architecture. A follow-up branded hardware product will be assembled at the bottom of seven major technologies, further refined and reduced.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has reduced duplication of expenditure and enhanced cost advantages.
In the first half of the year the joint brand was sold, and in the second half it was expected that the electric growth would lead to the growth of the crop.
In the second half of the year, you will see the joint venture branded electric car type: 1) General Cadillac pure lyriq sharp song, the first luxury electric car on the Orthopaedic platform for 43.97-4797 million, size 5003*1637, axle 3094, maximum power
255/375kw, max torque 440/710n m, continued over 600km. 2) Mass id monthly sales have broken and are expected to continue in the second half of the year. 3) A hybrid car with less than $100,000, nedc continues 1100km, is expected to become a hybrid market.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We believe that the company has outperformed its performance, that sales in the second half of the year are on the same ring scale, and that the pace of growth is expected to increase, and we adjust the risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, shortage of chip supplies, lack of mitigation of the epidemic as expected, vehicle markets, taking into account the adverse effects of the epidemic on industry and companies in the first half of the year.
\triangleright downside, new energy sources and offshore operations are not expanding as expected. Figure 4: Quarterly net profit returns by companies
Figure 5: Quarterly Mäori Rates for Companies / Net Interest Rates, Figure 6: Quarterly Cost Rates for Companies, 4 core team members. 4 years of research experience in the automobile industry, specializing in top-down investment opportunities.
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, autonomous brands, and so on. Cao Zingjie, Assistant Researcher in the Sinda Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, covering, inter alia, smart cars, car connections, new driving forces, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.