The first six months of the Shanghai epidemic hit the car supply chain, resulting in a decline in corporate income; and a chip.
In the first half of 2022, companies were too busy to capture the market, and the cycle of new products was about to open. Companies were determined to “predict the epidemic, economic imperatives, etc.”
Steady, secure for development requires new non-contact marketing models such as “live + short video”, “online shopping + door” and explores new marketing measures such as live broadcasting “closer” and “cloud buy-out”, resulting in the full sale of 2.234 million vehicles (-3 per cent) in the first half of the year; and autonomous branding (onboarding vehicle + Chase + 3 per cent);
Upstream V.M. (+1 per cent) sales amounted to 10.78 million vehicles, new energy vehicles amounted to 393,000 vehicles, an increase of 32.9 per cent compared with the previous year, and IQWl7, Audiq5e-Tron officially opened delivery, flying to Vanr 7, Kadila Klyriq, with a new cycle about to open; exports and overseas sales amounted to 381,000.
A car, 47.7 per cent more than the same year, and the mg brand has made a global cumulative sale of over 1 million, and in a number of regions, the Upper Steam (600104.sh) - June monthly sales have grown significantly, and IQL7 deliveries - promotion of local mainstream brands to the Middle East, five before Chile entered the industry; the New Troika leads the company.
Upper Steam Group (600104.sh) - Resurveillance of profitability, accelerated recovery of smart electric projects, and continued leadership of the domestic industry. Upper Steam Group (600104.sh) - In-depth report II: Autonomous brand transformation, smartness
"Steam group - three-quarter review: three-quarter round increase in performance. "Systems - Steam group - 600104 - 2021 mid-point evaluation: second-quarter performance of slightly l+r project is on the ground, upper-steam group moves to a strong new product cycle, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
In the first half of 2022, the upper gas group released its semi-annual report for 2022, the company achieved $316 billion, or 14 per cent, in operating income in the first half of the year, and a net profit of 69.1 billion, or 79 per cent, in the same year. The first half of the year, the Shanghai epidemic hit the car supply chain.
The company’s revenue from sales was reduced; at the same time, the price of raw materials, such as chip supply, and power batteries, had a negative impact on the product’s Māori ratio. The company’s Māori ratio fell slightly in the first half of 2022, as a result of repeated epidemics, chip shortages, etc.
This year, in the face of a more difficult and complex external environment and the enormous impact of a new epidemic, companies have been determined to ensure that “the epidemic must be prevented, the economy stabilized and development should be safe” and that they keep their grips on the epidemic, push for its recovery in a rigorous and orderly manner, and take advantage of market opportunities.
Since April 18, when the company took the lead in launching the recommence pressure test, the full-scale sales increased by 118% and 33% respectively in May and June, with 2.234 million vehicles (-3%) sold in the first half of the year, close to the same period last year.
Winners and winners; of these, the number of autonomous brands (uploading + Chase + Upwards) sold amounted to 10.78 million (+1 per cent); 393,000 new energy vehicles sold, an increase of 32.9 per cent compared to the previous year, accounting for 18 per cent of the total; 381,000 exports and sea sales, an increase of 47.7 per cent compared to the 47.7 per cent, and the accelerated recovery of the “new troika” leading company production.
The new end of the autonomous brand continues to improve, with a long-term incremental period.
End-of-end performance continues to be good, and is expected to contribute to a rapid and long-term increase in sales. A new, autonomous vehicle matrix is rich, and a new product cycle is about to open. 1) Smart-ass cars: the smart-ass brand is going to be on the market for $300,000 or more, positioning high-end + luxury, and its first-placed l7-high-end smart, pure sedans are expected to be on top.
In addition, the intellectual brand is expected to launch a new model of Ls7 this year, positioning high-end smart pure power medium suv and hopefully building a more complete product matrix. 2) Cars on board: According to the company, the R logo, the Winnie and the Monsignor brand are currently developing at least a new model.
Section 14, with a clear distinction in positioning: r targets the market of $200,000 to $300,000, with an emphasis on technology plus high-end; glorified brands, with a major price of $100,000 to $200,000, are primarily sports and overseas markets; and the brand of Emeritus, with a strong national style, continues to focus on “comfort plus space” and continues to expand in the direction of value for money.
In the face of the epidemic, the company’s entire fleet adopted new non-contact marketing models such as “live + short video”, “online + bus door”, and explored live broadcasts such as “winners” and “winners”
New marketing initiatives, such as “Soldiers”; at the same time, combined with national and local policies to promote car consumption, capture post-infection markets, restore window periods, support policies with good living practices, and introduce a range of initiatives, such as an upgrade of acquisition tax subsidies, insurance deductions, car discount schemes, etc., to accelerate the recovery of end-of-service retailing.
In an effort to overcome the negative impacts of the epidemic, the shortage of chips, etc., the company has made every effort to allocate resources to ensure that new energy hot-marketing models and priority new items are placed on the market, and that new energy vehicles continue to grow faster. In this case, the upper-gas utility, Mitsubishi Holminiev, continues to rank as a single-car sales list in the pure electric car market.
First, the public has launched 2022 id. series of electric cars, with the largest monthly sales of new energy vehicles, and Wisdom 1/7, Upper Odyq 5e-Tron has officially opened delivery, flying to Vanr 7, Cadillac lyriq, and fast-tracking the market for high-end electric vehicles: Third Generation Emergens, erx5, imax8ev, respectively, have started blinding and pre-saled.
The mg global electric motor vehicle mulan, and the micfa series of high-speed, new energy cross-border vehicles are concentrated, and incremental boost power grabs the international market on beaches. Companies keep up with sales upscaling, optimizing product structures, promoting brand upgrading, and significantly increasing competitiveness in overseas markets. In terms of sales upscaling, the mg brand is global.
The cumulative sales broke out by 1 million and promoted local mainstream brands in many regions, in the Middle East, Chile, 5 before entering the industry, 10 before entering the industry in Thailand, India, Australia, Mexico, the Philippines, Egypt, and more and more consumers in the United Kingdom and on the continent of Europe. In terms of structural optimization, companies sold overseas in the first half of the year.
At the same time, the prices and brand image of companies' overseas products have steadily increased, and the prices of electric vehicles in the European market have become comparable to those of Japanese competitions, which have amply demonstrated the competitive power of upper-air products abroad.
To keep up with the new and innovative races, to build new dynamics, to build new industries, to build new ecosystems, and to steadily advance major innovative strategic projects.
Cars, software development, etc. The first product, l7, was officially launched on June 18th, while the second product, Ls7, was developed in an orderly manner.
Line services, incorporated into the list of pilot projects on innovative applications for the Shanghai Smart Network Model Automobile in 2022. Smart card projects accelerated the testing of technology overlaps and “downscaling” troupes, raising the rate of take-over to 333.8 km/no, with a single parking success rate of more than 99%; aiv products have been extended to Hong Kong districts such as Ningbo and Qingdao.
In order to better deepen the innovation transition and sustainable development, companies have further consolidated their core resources for autonomous research and development, sharpened their technology base, made a long-form technology and promoted innovation. In terms of integration of nuclear capabilities, new upper-mortality groups have been set up to develop innovative research and development, building technological innovation, team entrepreneurship, etc.
A new platform for research and development (R & D) is being developed. In building the technology base, the "Seven Technology Undergrounds" of the steam group are being published, including three full-car technology substations and four key system technology substations, which will facilitate the industrialization of power-enabled smart network technologies by integrating resources and sharing platforms. In the case of electrodynamics, further collaboration with companies such as Qing Tao is being developed.
In the field of deep-dry solid-state batteries; high-hydrogen technology to initiate technical pre-research work on the fifth generation of fuel cell systems; and the “Vehicles out” project to complete the business register. In the context of smart network, zero-band technology allows self-research and input into the production of the entire product of smart car “coated-pipe-end” core technologies, and the smart-barrel algorithm developer is smart enough to complete the development of smart-barrel algorithms.
The company has been working on strategic areas such as new energy sources, smart web links, chips, and has accelerated the marketization of small-scale giants, such as zero beams, cogeneration, and high-hydrogens.
The TCI application has been submitted and significant progress has been made in the financing of enterprises such as the Smart Automobile, Soccer Electronics, China Sea Court, Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
At the same time, the company deepens the reform of its personnel system, enhances the application of the results of the examinations and carries out a higher-level training and selection process for its young cadres.
In view of the impact of the epidemic, we have revised our profit projections downward, and it is expected that the four auto companies, the Great Wall Cars, and the Upper Cars, will be able to take advantage of the company.
In the case of digitalization, electrodynamic transformation, the Changon car, the Hiroshima group, the Wall group, the Great Wall car and the Upper Gas group, sales in 2021 were 230, 214, 127, 5.46 million, respectively, as autonomous brand leaders; in the case of digitalization, electric transformations, the Changan car, the Broad Gas group, the Great Wall car, the Upper Car group were well-placed.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them