Upper Gas Group (600104.sh): The sales were strong and warm in June, and the production was expected to be repaired. Incident: The Upper Gas Group released its June Express, and the company produced 492,000 vehicles in June, which was +50 per cent of the year.
1): 83,000 vehicles sold in June, 76% in June and 17% in January-June; 126,000 vehicles sold in June, +94% in June; 575,000 vehicles sold in January-June.
Post-epidemic sales are strong and production is expected to be repaired. The company's sales are clearly warming in June, and it has achieved the elimination of \trianglerights, +50%, ring +37%, of which the general public, upper gas, upper gas.
The monthly mass energy utilization rate is about 77%, and there has been a marked improvement in the end of production over the same period last year +38 pct, where sales are listed in the second half of the year, at a minimum price of 120,000, and are expected to contribute to the increase. Sales in the new energy sector have improved, and new models have been marketed in the second half of the year to accelerate market openings.
91,000 vehicles were sold in source vehicles, i.e. 86 per cent of the year, 27 per cent of the ring; 393 million vehicles were sold in aggregate in January-June. Of these, nearly 20,000 vehicles were sold in passenger vehicles in June, i.e. +80.4 per cent, representing 22 per cent of the group ' s new energy sales; and more than 13,000 vehicles were sold in the upper mass id series, i.e., the same proportion.
In the second half of the year, the new new energy model accelerated market opening, focusing on: 1) Autonomous flying 7+IQL7+Ls7+ Third Generation Emeritus 5 super-combined version; 2) General Mitsubishi Kiwiev, leading with the Dajiang Smart Drive system, will be delivered in August: 3)
General Cadillac's pure lyriq hymn, "Attic" platform's first product, fast breaking orders. Autonomous brands show up in overseas markets. 84,000 vehicles sold overseas in June, together with \triangleright.
By comparison with +59.4 per cent, autonomous brands account for 12,000, which continues to rise. Autonomous brand names will accumulate millions of overseas exports, benefiting from early deployments abroad + low prices + high configurations, already in the Sea Sunda Stock Company Ltd.
The foreign market has some pre-existing advantages. In the second half of the year, the Grand Lord's Magez will be in Hong Kong., the city of Ltd. + the global pure electric superb transfrontier, mgmulan, will land in Europe, based on products.
In Beijing, the 9th House of the City of the West Side, 9th Street, has helped accelerate the expansion of the overseas market for autonomous brands. Attention is paid to the benefits of integrating the industrial chain to protect the advantages of the market and to improve the profitability of high-quality subsidiaries.
On 6th day, the launch of the Conservative Ceramic Solid Batteries Laboratory will focus on long-duration power over a thousand kilometres, battery volume applications, solid power cell 4c fast charge technology, high safety long-lived solid power cell development, integration, etc., and the application will be landing next year. The company's three power systems will have a strong core competitiveness.
Shaping other deep layouts up and down of the integrated industrial chain is expected to be unique. At the same time, companies are pushing to separate high-quality subsidiaries under their banners, and on June 28, Jegen Science and Technology announced its offer, to be marketed on the Science and Innovation Board, to further expand the hydrogen energy and hydrogen fuel cell industries.
Investing in core technologies to achieve a strong hydrogen energy and hydrogen fuel cell portfolio that enhances the profitability and combined competitiveness of hydrogen energy and hydrogen fuel cell operations. Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on June sales data, companies have rebooted growth and gained momentum
In the second half of the year, with the combined contribution of the "Autonomous Multi-Early New Vehicle, the Accelerated Development of New Energy Markets, and the Greater Competitiveness of Overseas Markets" - the "New Three Cars" - firm sales and rapid growth were more certain, combined with the mitigation of the Shanghai epidemic and the acceleration of social rehabilitation.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, shortage of chip supplies, under-exploitation of overseas markets, less than expected growth in new energy sales, recurrent outbreaks, less than expected roll-out of new models, etc.
Figure 2: Monthly vehicle sales and speed increases in the upper vehicle fleet Figure 4: General vehicle sales and speed increases in the upper gas fleet Figure 5: Monthly sales and speed increases in the upper gas fleet
Four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry are good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The auto industry chain is full-scale, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.