Mahoubo event: A quarterly report was published on the five grains, with a revenue of 10,158 million in 17q1 and a full increase in the volume of alcohol released by the mother.
After P5 increases, the bulk of the advance payments is 739 and the 17-year raise effect is gradually reflected in the statement. Meanwhile, during the spring season, the price increases at the huts were compounded by supply stress factors, the five grains were sold, and 17q1 companies distributed their goods on a monthly basis according to quotas, and the distributors were active.
The accelerated growth of net profit is higher than expected, and the cost rate has improved significantly. 17q1 net gain + 23.8%, is faster than revenue. The main consideration is 1) sales costs of $1.10 billion, administrative costs of $580 million, and not all of the same use, sales return, etc. are recognized in the first quarterly statement, and we expect market fees for the year as a whole.
Inputs have increased by the same year, but cost-investment efficiency has improved and sales and management rates are expected to improve throughout the year. 2) Price increases + product structure have improved Māori rates. 17q1 corporate Māori has improved product structure impact.
25%, increased through 1618, cups, and low five-food liquid brands. 1618 out of factory, $769, cup 819 and high-end strategic branding led to the upgrading of corporate products. 3) Operating cash flows are at a new high during the same period in history, with companies selling goods and providing labour.
Gold is $7.70 billion, the highest in the history of the same period as +15%, and the business situation continues to improve.  Five-year incremental grain premium, with better internal and external improvement mechanisms. 1) Puppet price increases, with the most direct benefits. Puppet batch prices rise to 1250.
In 17 years, according to grass-roots research, the five major vendors contracted to reduce 25% of the price, and at the same time fined the dealer to stabilize the market. The reduced quota was “optimised” and paid through 1618.
The cups and lows, and the special stores are dedicated to a five-food fluid replenishment, which will eventually lead to a "Additional premium". 3) The management changes, which will accelerate down, and the white wine is the best in the system. The new party secretary, Lee Jong-hoon, is new, realistic, and the company's management is expected to work together.
1. Five grains of liquid: the most beneficial is to improve internal governance as a result of the increase in the price of the huts. The company is scheduled to bring in more employees and distributors after 16 years of holding shares, and is scheduled to be formally implemented in 17 years, leading the process of institutional reform in White Wine Leader.
The variety, real price hikes, releases business dynamism and is expected to accelerate performance growth. 2. Five grain fluids: prices remain upward, canals.
The value is only 21 x (26 per cent rise in the huts 26 per cent rise in the cellar 42 per cent increase), the white wine is neutral, confidence is clearly restored, and the price of the most divisive market is higher. We see the five grain fluids as the most directly beneficial brand for the price increases at the huts.
First Line of Wine - 2016124 3.5 Grain fluids: Improvement of the most visible marginal white wine + 16xpe+ State Enterprise Reform Prospective
White wine production is not as good as expected; alcohol series is not growing as expected; East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee