According to industry media reports, such as micro and alcoholics, the new chairman of the group gave an important speech on the strategy, marketing, pricing, and products of the group.
This is Lee's first public address to a five-grain distributor. We note corporate policy and the basic average for the five-food fluids (000858, sz) a share of the food and beverage industry.
For a full description of the investment summary indicators, please refer to this set. The main measures that the company plans to take include upgrading quality, increasing sales terminals, and streamlining the series of liquor products.
We believe that increasing brand power is essential for high-end alcohol, which will contribute to long-term growth and enhance competitive advantage. Price: The new chairman says that the five-food fluids will stabilize the price of the plant and gradually push up the wholesale price to the distributor.
This year, 10-15% of gross profits can be realized. This is the first time that a company has talked about a market price-making mechanism. Lee Jong-gwang seems to think that market demand is the ultimate key driver, which we believe will help the F5 to establish a better price-generation mechanism and boost the driver of the distributors. Supply: LEE’s indication is that the supply of the F5 is very tight.
Chang, and perhaps even more in the second half of the year. The company will build another base of raw alcohol production, producing 100,000 tons per year, so that the high-end five-food fluids can be released beyond 20,000 tons.
- Five grain fluids (left axis) - one kilometer depth 300 index (right axis) - Daiji (research assistant)
For information, see the appendix to the information disclosure or contact your investment representative.
I'm the one who contributed to this report. Liao-ho, cfa, five grain fluids (000858.sz)
In addition, no part of my salary has been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Liao Yuehua, cfa:a share of media, a share of consumer durables, a share of food drinks, a share of Chinese consumer goods.a share of consumer durables: Greco Electrics, American Group, Qingdao Haile.a share of food drinks: Gui Goon, Yoji River, Kotao Guzhou, Qingzhou old cellar, Qing Qingqing, Shanxi wine, Qingdao beer (a), Qingdao beers (a) and five grain fluids.
(a) Media: Au Fong Entertainment, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weihua, Blue Curve, Media South China, Media Group, Provincial Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Oriente Pearl, Moi Tsi, Wanda Films, Hua Tsai Films; Consumer Products China: Co-Sing Yuan, Light Dairy, Modern Shepherdry, Hua Yun Start-up, Mon Cow Milk, Masters Control, Qingji Island Beer (h), Unified Enterprise, Wang Wang Wang Wang, Wanzhou International, Ili.
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of company-specific information on company ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Furthermore, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy-in or sell-out list with an overall potential return scale; suspension of ratings (rs): we have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports.
Targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): we have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we have not conducted research on the company. No or no research. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.