Controlled price increases continued, with a smooth profit of $6,785 million, an increase of 9.85 per cent over the same period, with a basic gain of $1.79 per share. In the fourth quarter, the five grains met their targets for revenue collection, net profit and a steady increase in profitability.
The company ' s business income grew by 13.32% in 2016, profit grew by 12.67%, meeting the plan ' s target. In 2016, the Māori rate for public alcohol products reached 75.40%, an increase of 2.19 pct over 15 years, and profitability continued to rise.
Plus, the company-controlled price increase strategy was successfully implemented, with P5 prices raised twice last year (659 to $679 and 679 to $739); and 2) ensuring that core products were successfully raised while actively building a branding combination of 1+3+5 and improving the structure of their own products. High-end whites should not be needed.
Turn around, along with the super-high-end white industry's “manifest-up” strategy, the supply and demand gap continues to widen, and in the future the high-end white wine unit is expected to continue to rise in comparison with the trend of Deep 300, further raising corporate product Māori.
Costs have increased slightly. Costs are still at a higher level, mainly due to the company’s active efforts to upgrade its product structure and to reform its marketing channels, as well as the corresponding increase in operating income. Management costs have increased slightly, but with the gradual implementation of measures, the efficiency of management will increase.
Reduction of expenditure on management costs. Corporate costs as a whole are still at a high level, future profitability is increasing, industry is still in a period of adjustment, with mixed prospects for further performance, and the white and wine industry is growing slowly (10%) and we believe that the industry adjustment period will be held for a longer time to come.
Continuation of the policy of multiplicity of food fluids. 1) Staff Holding Schemes are published for company directors, supervisors, senior managers and other company employees; 2) Main FDAs are involved in corporate ownership to achieve risk-sharing; 3) State share transfer, with 49% of the company ' s equity transferred by the Equipé City State Finance Committee to the city without charge.
Research Assistant: Monszün State Asset Management Limited.
The company plans to continue to grow by more than 10 per cent in 2017, and we're looking at the potential for higher corporate profitability, probably at high rates of growth. 1) Combined with a recovery in high-end white wine, an increase in personal consumption, an increase in business consumption, an increase in product promotion and consumer growth, and an increase in “P5” prices to $787, we hope to achieve a full increase in prices.
(ii) Progressive implementation of corporate reform and upgrading initiatives, product structural upgrading and marketing-channel reform Industry growth below expectations and slower economic growth leading to reduced demand and food safety issues.
Chen Baidu, Master of Technology and Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Convergence Democratic Securities Institute, engaged in light-working and listed company research. Menzzu, Bachelor of Science in Economics, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and Fbba, Yangjiang Business School, joined in 2016 for food and beverage research.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.