Five grain fluids: price increases, changes, landings, big plans. Events: Five grain fluids, public announcement, non-public release programme approved by the CMB, as a result of
Mahoubo has come to an all-time high. 1) The current low season is still in short supply and prices are stable at 1300.
The purpose of the risks involved is to stabilize market prices and create a good market environment for the second half of the year, while controlling the volume growth camps. 2) High-end white wine is high in 18 years, and 17 years is just preheating. The overall supply of poo wine increased in 18-19 years, according to grass.
The probability that annual prices will increase continues to rise.  Five grain fluids are the base two years ago, and the price increase + the volume performance is high. 1) Pow price is strong + supply is tight, and the five grain fluids are the most directly beneficial brands.
Growth is accelerating, continuing its growth trajectory two years ago. Phu-Pu-Pu-Pu-Pu-Pu-Pu-Pu has achieved the largest price difference in history. According to grass-roots research, the price of P5-P5 has gradually risen to $780 in May, and even though the price of P5-Pu-Pu-Pu has stood at $1,200 for 17 years, the price of P5-Pu-Pu-Pu-Pu-Pu will still exceed 400.
According to a grass-roots study, P5 contracts are reduced by 25% in 17 years, P5 is currently in stock for less than half a month, and some are still missing out of plan 769 prices. Companies use P5 and price policies, quoted.
For 1618 (769 for the factory, but better for the channel), cups and low-level high-end strategic products are added to the volume. And for 17 years, companies have been working on a special store, supported by a specialized shop, upgraded to become a brand display window, and launched a dedicated gold-filled five-food fluid.
According to grass-roots research, the company's entire series of wines grew by 20-25% a quarter, and the channels of the series were fine-tuned and flattened to reach the general public and continue.
Management combines to accelerate performance growth. Dealers in the blending program subscribe to $420 million, which we believe will be tied.
Five grains of liquid: the price increases in Mautai are the most direct result of the convergence of the interests of the core distributors with the manufacturers, ensuring that the distributors strictly enforce the manufacturer's strategy and that the price is higher in the brand, 17 years of white wine.
Stabilizing market power while actively opening up markets and taking stock of channels to support growth in the public sector. The new chairman of the group, Lee Jong-gwang, took up his new position and put forward a symposium on “Ahead of the mark, start a second business, and make a brilliant new management,” which we believe to be the first department of the new management.
The list of initiatives will enhance corporate cohesion and the competitiveness of companies to grow.