The programme was originally released in 2015 (for details, see the report of 31 October 2015 on the company ' s targeted increase plan).
(1) Under the detailed scheme, 23.7 million shares will be issued to management and staff, 0.61 per cent of the total stock of the company upon completion of the transaction, and 1.94 million shares (0.5 per cent) to distributors. We believe that this unpublicized development of stocks will further harmonize the benefits of the fluids and their employees and should contribute to long-term growth.
(2) Dealers as shareholders can enhance the coherence of interests along the value chain, potentially reduce sales management costs and increase profit margins, further support companies in branding and optimize marketing channels. (3) The rate of dividends paid is 50% flat. Given that stocks are currently approved for non-public distribution, we believe that the shares are raised
(4) The upward pressure on the price of a pup line suggests that the high-end white wine market continues to recover, which should drive up the five grains. We expect the profits to continue to grow rapidly in 2017.
I, Liao Yu, cfa, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of my salary is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The investment summary section evaluates the investment environment of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described are growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our screening of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance problems facing the industry), Liao Yiao, cfa: a share of media, a share of durable consumer goods, a share of food beverages and Chinese consumer goods.
a A share of consumer durables: Goli Electrics, American Group, Qingjia Haile.a A share of food drinks: Gui Goon, Yoo River Shares, Maotai, Guizhou old cellar, Qing Qingqing, Shanxi Wine, Qingji Island Beer (a), Five Grain fluids.a A share of media: Au Fung Recreation, Light Media, Gohua Cable, Jujubner, Blue Light Sign, South-central Media, Distinguished Media, Provincial Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Orient Myeong Ju, Pinco.
China’s consumer goods: Ying Yuan, Light Milk, Modern Livestock, Hua Yun Entrepreneurship, Mon Niu Dai, Kang Masters Holdings, Qingji Island Beer (h), Unified Enterprises, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli.
No specific information has been disclosed for the following companies: Five Grain fluids (rmb45.18) Company rating, research industry and rating and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive or sell a rating and has an active rating (i.e., stock that is not suspended, temporarily not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating.
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, which is suspended at the level of overall potential returns (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High-City Securities.