In 2017, the channel system continued to grow faster and the net profit increased faster than the harvest.
101.59 billion yuan, an increase of 15.11 per cent in the same year, which is an increase from the 13.32 per cent increase in the year 2016, mainly due to a sharp fall in the cost rate over the period.q1 significantly reduced the rate, resulting in a sharp rise in net interest rates.
During the same period, the cost rate was 14.41 per cent, a significant decrease of 2.81 per cent over the same period. Of this, advance payments fell on a year-on-year basis, and cash flows performed well.
The net cash flow generated by the operation was about $1.8 billion, an increase of 143 per cent. In 2017, the channel system was a virtuous cycle that enabled it to meet its annual plan targets. Five batches are now available at $780-800 per bottle, and the channel is selling at a favourable price.
One hundred and ninety dollars per bottle, while the distributor's channel is in a state of dissipation. Given the affordability of the terminal price and the gradual release of the terminal, it is expected that a shipment of 53 degrees will last for 17 years at $1100-1200 per bottle.
In 2017, the company’s target was to achieve a 10% or more increase in gross operating income and profits. We believe that the channel will enter a virtuous circle, and that the business plan for 17 years will go well in line with the company’s initiative.
The total amount of gold does not exceed 1,854 million yuan for information construction projects, marketing centre construction projects, service e-commerce platforms, etc., for company directors, supervisors, seniors, and employees.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are given a base risk rating according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.