Food beverages have made steady progress and are expected to accelerate growth at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
At the same time, companies publish plans for profit distribution, making significant changes to product structure optimization + marketing patterns and improving overall performance.
The brand structure of the "Five Foods + Five Food Systems" has been established, the 1+3+5 brands have been created, and the product matrix has been further optimized. Continue to control the positive price. Cups, 1618 and the low series are strategic brands, effectively absorbing the five demands.
In marketing patterns, companies focus more on the finer management of channels and end-markets to increase the ground.
The company actively restructures its distributors, reduces the number of dealers, reboots its franchise, strengthens its collaboration with power suppliers, and explores new marketing models for “direct distribution of the 10 Internet.” Performance is growing steadily, greatly boosting distribution.
Business confidence, price increases are expected to be positive. At the end of the year, the balance of the advance bill was $6.3 billion, an increase of 216 per cent, a steady increase in the rate of Māori, an increase in market inputs and a faster increase in the cost of sales. The smooth increase in the core product P5 led to a steady increase in Māori rates, with an increase of 1.0 pct. In cost terms, the three cost ratios were 24.7 per cent, with an increase in the same rate.
Reduction of 1.1 pct, resulting in a more efficient management of the company. Financial cost - 3.1%, with a healthy financial position. The overall net interest rate fell by 0.8 to 28.8% as a result of the increase in sales costs.
The competition for high-end wine is branding, where the food is open to price increases. The company is expected to boost prices by increasing brand value, reducing the amount of grain from the huts (000858): deep adjustment has been successful.
At the same time, the company’s planned growth program passed smoothly on December 14th last year, and it was introduced into the real phase, and the company will take the opportunity to implement the employee holding scheme as soon as possible, thereby stimulating internal motivation. The new chairman will be in charge of improving governance mechanisms, resolving remaining problems such as related transactions, and management efficiency is expected to improve further.
No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.