Lee Xiaojun, with a 24 per cent increase in net profit of 2017,q1 over the same year, was well-growing, and the first quarter report of 2017 was issued, and the company achieved business income of $10,159 million.
This represents an increase of 15.11 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is 3,593 million yuan, an increase of the same amount; for the core product “P5”, 1q began to implement the P5 plant price gradually at $739 per bottle (829 recommended retail prices), compared to $659 for the same period last year.
The product will be reduced by about 20 per cent on the basis of market inputs in 2016, with an unplanned sale of 30 dollars per bottle, at the factory price of $769 per bottle, which includes group purchase and lot prices, and will continue to take comprehensive measures to keep P5 prices up at current prices.
We believe that this is equivalent to an increase in prices in the current context of high-end alcohol demand. For wine products, the company states that it currently operates for one year in three departments: five ol, five edibles, and a series of wines, with a significant increase in sales revenue.
Billion-dollar brands, two billion-dollar brands, and five to one billion-grade brands.
In addition, the five grain fluids are designed to increase (i.e., the employee holding scheme) to a level not exceeding $1,854 million.
In addition, management has previously actively indicated that it will further increase the bonus ratio in the future, whichever is expected (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.