Food and beverage beverage manufacture: 17 years of five-food fluids reporting a steady increase in prices and slightly over-expected profits of 3,589 million net non-mortality profits, an increase of 15.11 per cent, 23.77 per cent, 23.88 per cent, ps
The company's delivery rhythm is in place, prices are rising steadily across the country, and channel management levels are further advanced by $6.237 billion at the end of the quarter, a slight drop in the ring and a 8.6 drop in the same year.
This year, after a policy of raising the price of the plant by 60 to 739 dollars was introduced in mid-September, in order to further strengthen the stock/flow (millions of shares) of the company.
There are no direct subsidy policies for the maximum/minimum 12 months during spring 17 and spring sugar, with the exception of step-by-step support for exchange orders, so the channels did not close in the first quarter of this year.
Under the high 31% income growth base in the first quarter of last year, the company’s advance receipts remained high.
The net cash flow generated by the operation is 1.844 billion dollars on the same basis.
The company's speed of delivery is in place, the dealer pays monthly, and now the vendor's integration system allows the manufacturer to determine the consignment according to the actual stock of distributors everywhere to keep the dealer's reasonably low stock level at the same time as the overall supply chain response.
The speed of delivery is very timely, and in a day, it's going to be delivered to distributors, corporate channels are running, price increases lead to a significant increase in the Māori rate and a drop in the cost of firm sales, as reflected in the fact that the company's Māori rate of 48.63 per cent in the first quarter of the year increased by 4 percentage points on a year-on-year basis.
The cost of sales dropped by 10.79 per cent to 2 percentage points, and the percentage of expenditure on channel policy dropped further since this year, with the company planning for 17 years at the East China Marketing Centre at $8 billion, and six other centres at 120 and five.
Food series $7.5-8 billion, overall revenue plan $28 billion. 17 years is set for "Voice wine plus people's wine," violation reduction, incremental premium is a year-round strategy for high-end alcohol, shareholders' meeting passes a "no volume increase", and premium increases of $30 per bottle will be stopped before the season arrives (i.e. extra-programmed at 769).
The promotion of brand image and height is the focus of the company this year, and the upgrading of the specialty store is one aspect of the upgrading of the brand, with nearly a hundred new brands growing well in the past quarter. The focus of the series of wines is growing by more than two digits, and this year's target is 30%.
Increased competition in the market, higher costs, food security.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report