Food beverage and beverage manufacture Rapid growth in feed business revenue, marked by a marked increase in the Māori rate. On the night of May 15th, the five grain fluids were announced: the company received the SEC's Report on the Approval of Euphoria.
Reciprocal Reciprocal Stock Releases by Five Grain and Liquidity Co. Ltd. Increases in management + employee + distributor stock holdings and improvements in corporate mechanisms due to the company ' s completion of the 2016 profit distribution programme on 12 May
185,397,000 yuan. Of the public issuers, the "State Regent Management Scheme" was set up with the financing of the First Employer Holding Scheme of the Five Grains (participants are company directors, supervisors, senior directors, general equity/flow (millions of shares)
Senior managers and other employees of the company are proposed to subscribe to no more than $513 million; Total Market Value/Release (millions) Liquid 1 of the Five Foods and Liquids is established by highly qualified distributors funded from their own funds.
The top/minimum 12 months is more than $420 million. Management + employees + distributors have a three-way share, which means that corporate mechanisms are better developed. The interests of the three above-mentioned parties will be more in line with corporate interests in the future and will help to achieve one.
"The 17-year-old " Quarterly Review: A set of prices that strengthens the cohesion of workers and the dynamism of corporate development, strengthens effective associations up and down the industrial chain, steadily rises, with slightly higher profits than expected. "
Meanwhile, in March of this year, Sichuan Province was announced as the new Chairman of the Five Grains Committee, with the Deputy Secretary and Deputy Director-General-2017/04/28 of the Sichuan Economic and Security Council Committee.
"The Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-A-A-Five-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-
In addition, this non-public fund-raising campaign, which involves the construction of information centres, marketing centres and service electronic platforms, is a major investment that is expected to increase the company ' s ability to compete for alcohol in the long term.
In 2016, the company raised the price of P5 from $659 per bottle to $739 per bottle in two separate instalments, while increasing the speed of delivery, with dealers making monthly payments. The market price is currently stable.
In the vicinity of $680, pipeline sales have improved, and stocks have fallen to historical lows. Recent low-gate prices have been set at no more than $1199, but in most markets, real prices have not declined. We believe that high-end white wine is entering the recovery route, and price increases cannot be reversed.
We expect that the increase in the price of Māori will be reflected mainly in the approval of the public distribution programme or the CVM, indicating that the company ' s mix-up programme has been achieved, as a result of early payment by the distributors.
In the future, with joint management + staff + distributors, the company is expected to increase its efficiency in managing water and operating water. In addition, short-term low-price control and release can be contained, but the low-price increase at the beginning of 2018 is an approximate event.
As P5 prices are gradually historical and rising, public P5 terminal price increases in 2018 have fallen short of expectations, and market expansion has fallen short of expectations.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.