The annual report for 2016 shows a faster growth of high-priced liquor in 16 years and a virtuous cycle of 17 years' channel system, Li Yifan.
In 2016, the company ' s liquor rate increased by 75.4% to 2.19 pct. Of this, the price of alcohol rose by 83.4%.
The annual cost rate was 24.74 per cent, an increase of 1.82 pct over the same year, mainly due to a 2.66 pc increase in the cost of sales due to increased market input by the company. During the same period, the overall Māori rate for the company was 70.2 per cent, a 1 pcc increase over the same period; the net interest rate was 28.75 per cent, a 0.85 pc decrease over the same period.
Advance payments and cash flows were excellent. In 2016, the company prepaid $6.3 billion, a significant increase of 216 per cent, indicating that the increase in prices had been accepted by the distributor and that the dealer’s interest in the company had increased significantly. During the same period, the net cash flow generated by the operation was about $11.7 billion, an increase of 74.8 per cent.
This is mainly due to the increase in advance payments by alcohol distributors and the increase in operating income. In 2017, the channel system was a virtuous cycle that enabled it to meet its annual plan targets. Five batches are now available at $740-780 per bottle, and the channel is selling at a favourable price.
Twelve hundred-1230 dollars/bottles, with a channel price difference of about $400/bottles, while the distributor channel is out of order. Given the affordability of the terminal price and the gradual release of the poo company, it is expected to fly 53 degrees/bottles. A batch of prices will be maintained at $1100-1200/bottles at the poo station, and not for 17 years.
Once again, the price of the plant is forecasted that the F5 distributors will be able to maintain a favourable sale, so that the channel will enter a virtuous circle. In 2017, the company’s planned goal is to achieve an increase of 10% or more in gross operating income and profits. We believe that the channel will enter a virtuous circle and complement the company’s initiatives.
The total amount of gold does not exceed 1,854 million yuan for information construction projects, marketing centre construction projects, service e-commerce platforms, etc., for company directors, supervisors, seniors, and employees.
To stimulate corporate activity, improve management efficiency and enhance the value of long-term investments, which are 21 times higher than the value of the investments, and 19 times higher than the value of the investments, respectively.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth 300 index. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated according to the market studied in the product, i.e. studies on the credit and derivative markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; studies on the market aspects of equity, equity-based funds, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; studies on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, etc.
This report is presented independently, objectively and to the extent that you know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is independent of the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.