Launch of the Integrated Reform Programme for International Trade in Euu, an analysis of the beneficiary points of Small Commodity City, corporate research, company quick reviews, retail trade, general retailing.
Recently, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the General Programme for Integrated Reform of Deepening International Trade in the City of Yiu, Zhejiang Province (hereinafter referred to as the Programme), which has been entrusted to the State.
The Court agreed. The programme proposes specific elements such as deepening market procurement trade reforms, accelerating internal and external trade integration reforms, and improving the modern business and trade logistics system. 1) At the industry level, the implementation of the programme further reflects the position of the country as an important window for international trade, and the relevant policy elements contribute to the further facilitation of imports and exports, the prosperity of trade ecosystems, and the growth of export and import trade. 2) At the corporate level, small commodity city owners
In addition, the programme, using the Small Business City pilot unit as a pilot unit, promoted a positive import list pilot, aiming to reach 100 billion yuan by 2025, 300 billion yuan by 2023, an increase of 358 per cent over the 62.5 billion yuan in 2023. The company, as the only pilot unit in the previous period, operated its own import trading operations.
Overall, the programme will focus on international trade reform in the country, further deepening export trade in the country, with a focus on facilitating the prosperity of import trade. The Division’s focused market operations and trading service provider enterprises will accelerate the construction of new market platforms, marked by global digital trading centres, and will accelerate the development of traditional markets.
Taking into account the fact that the company, as a pilot unit, is promoting a positive import list pilot, which will help bring about the growth of import-related operations, we have launched the General Programme for the Deepening of International Trade in the City of Yiu, Zhejiang Province, which will provide further impetus to the development of export-import trade.
According to the programme published by the National Development and Reform Commission Network, its main elements include: 1. Improving the way market procurement is traded: adapting to new trends in international trade, such as instantaneous trading, fragmentation of orders and consolidation of logistics; and fully embedding digital techniques in the various components of trade supply chain regulation and services, such as trade, logistics, payments and finance, and reducing efficiency gains for small and medium-sized subjects.
According to the Zhejiang provincial government press release, the Business Town Group, the only pilot company in the past, plans to import the first positive list business tomorrow. In this way, the import trade has accelerated, with a total of 100 billion yuan in 2025 and a breakthrough of 300 billion yuan by 2030.
3. Enhancing the functioning of trade platforms: first, by linking tax zones to offshore warehouses, making the storage of goods in and out of the country more flexible and efficient; and, second, by establishing a sixth-generation small commodity market, marked by a “global digital trading centre”, promoting better market payments for services from third-party payment platforms, and by promoting improved rules for cross-border power suppliers that are more compatible with international rules such as rcep (regional comprehensive economic partnership agreements).
To accelerate the development of standards for internal and external trade integration, the establishment of a system of standards for the internationalization of small commodities, the launching of a national system of open-ended standards for small commodities and the annual publication of international standards for small commodities.6 Innovative support for high-quality development in Central Europe; and the strengthening of cooperation along the “one-way” route.
Table 1: General Programme of Integrated Reforms to Deepen International Trade in the City of Yiu, Zhejiang Province
Technology is fully embedded in sections of trade supply chain regulation and services, such as trade, logistics, payments, finance, to reduce efficiency gains for small and medium-sized subjects To promote innovation in import trade
Establishment of a positive list management system for imported consumer goods and optimization of the goods clearance process in the List, namely, the linkage of the bonded areas to overseas warehouses; the linkage of the bonded areas to commodity markets, railway stations, air ports, etc., to improve the efficiency of outflows within the bonded commodity areas.
To improve the functioning of trade platforms, the sixth-generation small commodity market promotes improved rules for cross-border power suppliers.
Accelerating convergence with international rules standards such as rcep (Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement) Establishment of a system of standards for the internationalization of small commodities, leading to an open pilot of national small commodity standard systems, and accelerating the development of standards for internal and external trade integration
Annual publication of international standards for small commodities, enhancement of the regional build-up capacity in Central Europe, deepening of the monomerization of rail transport, deepening of integrated development with the Ningpoon Port, expansion of direct international shipping routes, and advancement of “Swiss”
The programme focused on the acceleration of import trade.
In 2011, Eu assumed the task of piloting a comprehensive reform of national international trade to explore new forms of trade. This reform greatly contributed to the development of export trade in Italy. In 2014, the General Customs Administration announced the formalization of market procurement trade modalities, adding a “1039” regulatory code to facilitate trade in multiple, multi-species and small, uninvented shipments of goods, effectively contributing to the emergence of Uu as the World's Small Commodity City.
According to Uu City statistics, Uu exports increased by over 24 times from about 20 billion yuan in 2010 before the reform to over 500 billion yuan in 2023, and by about 30 times the volume of couriers in 10 years, accounting for 1/12. In contrast to exports, Uu imports are currently smaller. In January-November 2024, Uu City imports and exports totalled 61.39 billion yuan, an increase of 17.6 per cent.
This program has also focused on booming import trade, considering small commodity cities as pilot units, and promoting a positive import list pilot by setting up a digital regulatory platform. See the content of this program.
1. Policies are expected to contribute to the further growth of the Italian trade climate, which underpins rent increases and business expansion. As stated in our report “Beeping out the business lines of Small Commodity Cities, the model is unique and compatible, the continued foreign trade climate is an important prerequisite for the company’s market.
In addition, the emphasis has been on regional expansion to strengthen “regional structural diversification of exports along the region, and changes in the foreign trade environment of a single economy have had less impact on the overall climate. According to the U.S. Customs data, Africa accounted for $104.89 billion, or 18.53%, of total imports and exports in 2023, the United States accounted for $63.78 billion, or 11.27%, and the EU for 59.06 billion.
As a result, a more balanced regional share of export markets, in the current volatile international trade situation, has created a stronger risk-resilient capacity for companies. In recent years, under the “one-way” policy, U-turn has maintained a good growth in exports from countries along the “one-way” route, with exports and imports in 2023.
The total value of $223.93 billion is 39.56 per cent of the total value of imports and exports. Thus, through the deep layout of potential markets, the basis is laid for further high-speed growth that has not yet taken place. Figure 4: Values and share of exports of the city of Eu for countries along the “one-way” route (%)
Figure 3: Share of total imports and exports in the region in 2023 (%), promotion of import trade in the U, company selected as the only pilot unit to facilitate its own import operations and trade services
The world’s good goods are branded as a brand vision, bringing together 20,000 + high-quality monolithics from the branding of good goods and new national ideas, covering household life, make-up, skin protection, mother and child supplies, snacks, recreational literature, and toy digitals. And, as a pilot unit, the company has built a joint regulatory platform for digitalizing the entire process, providing a one-stop testing certification service.
Further upgrading of the capacity of imported trade services and creation of new business growth.3 Improving efficiency and security of trade settlements, and benefits from corporate payment operations, according to Zhejiang Province press release, relies on corporate “pay-as-you-go” platforms to optimize cross-border RMB and foreign exchange services and ensure compliance with cross-border payments
The company’s yiwupay has already been cleared for cross-border currency settlement and payment agencies’ foreign exchange operations, which, as of 30 June 2024, had crossed the border.
In the first half of 2024, companies also achieved a net profit of $2.7381,000, a significant improvement over the losses of $5.72 million in the same period last year. Of course, apart from the above-mentioned beneficiary points, companies have gradually developed into a single market management, demonstration of transactions, logistics services, and financial services.
In the future, in the context of the increased prosperity of export-import trade in the country, operations are expected to open up opportunities for development and drive the overall focus of the programme on international trade reform, further deepening of export trade in the country, with a focus on facilitating the prosperity of import trade. The Division’s focused market operations and trade services enterprises will accelerate the construction of new market platforms, marked by global digital trading centres, and accelerating the process of moving from tradition to tradition.
Trade patterns leapfrog to digital trade, raising the corporate niche of small commodity trade across the board in global markets, leading to steady growth in performance. Considering companies as pilot units, a positive import list pilot can help bring about the growth of import-related business, and our upward trade climate is declining; global digital trading centres are not built as expected; shop rental rates are not as high as expected; and payment flows are not as expected or released.
Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - A detailed understanding of the business lines of the Small Commodity City, with a unique approach and a combination of models - 2024-08-27 The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.