Small Commodity City (600415.sh) 24q3 point review: Master performance over-expected, high-quality growth in innovative business
Countries, ASEAN, Latin America, etc. led to growth. From January to August 2024, the city ' s total value of imports and exports amounted to 44.46 billion yuan, an increase of 17.2 per cent over the same period; of that amount, exports amounted to 3,93.58 billion yuan, an increase of 17.2 per cent over the same period; imports amounted to $50.480 billion, an increase of 17.3 per cent over the same period, and exports, exports and imports accounted for the province as a whole.
Point. From January to August 2024, Uu exported and imported 81.22 billion yuan, 75.3 billion yuan and 42.37 billion yuan, respectively, for Africa, Latin America and ASEAN, an increase of 17.3 per cent, 27.0 per cent and 27.6 per cent, respectively, for a total of 274.97 billion yuan, or 18.8 per cent, for the same period, for the “one-way” countries.
The company anchors its strategic goal of “global top international trade integrated service providers” to accelerate its becoming a global business lead business that gives small goods the power to trade with the general public. The 24q3 major industry continues to grow brightly, with super-firm expectations.
The profits of the 24q3 company’s main business were about 994 million yuan, an increase of 108 per cent over the same period. In the area of innovation: 1) 24q3chinagoods platform gmv, an increase of 60.8 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 16 per cent; 2) ‘Yiwupay’, a new cross-border payment transaction between January and September 2024, an increase of 20 billion yuan.
Over 770% over the same year. Paying company 24q1-3 has achieved 60.2 billion yuan in domestic transactions, more than 20 billion yuan in cross-border transactions, more than 80 million yuan in total revenues, more than $30 million in net profits, more than 80% of the company ' s base Māori, more stable operating costs, and a business model for cross-border RMB operations.
The business results of the company are higher than expected, and the shift to integrated trade service providers is faster. Risk factors: volatility of macro factors, both within and outside the country, and changes in international trade policy.
Itd is a tax-exempt, visual, invisible, pet, retail, etc.
In March 2023, he joined the new Sinda Consumers Group, covering gold jewellery, retail sales, beauty care, pet boards, and social clothing research assistant.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science, Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A., Economics, University of Finance and Economics Southwest, November 2022, joined the new Sindh Consumers Group.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.