Three-quarter net profit returns grew by 177%, new business continued to grow, three-quarter net profit returns grew by 177%, and the scale of new business continued to grow.
The difference in income and profit growth is mainly due to the reduced impact of investment returns and asset disposal gains over the last year. The revenue earned in the third quarter alone was $3.847 billion, an increase of 40.17 per cent over the same period, the net return to the mother was $881 million, and the increase in rents and spotting fees resulting from the increased capacity of companies to digitally trade services, and so forth.
The booming business continues to contribute to the growth. In the emerging business, the company ' s last three quarters of the Chenagoods platform, gmv, exceeded 60.8 billion yuan, exceeding the 52-week maximum/lowest price increase.
16%; over RMB 20 billion in new cross-border payments transactions in the first three quarters of the payment operation, the same-year increase Māori rate continues to rise and the cost rate is optimized. The company ' s Māori rate for the third quarter is 30.1%, compared to +9.54pt, the profit rent dynamic and service capacity rises.
Steady; management cost rate of 3.11 per cent, corresponding to -1.09 pct, cost control is good. Companies achieved net operating cash flow of $453 million in the first three quarters of the year, compared to +21.53 per cent, and cash flow is better.
At the firm level, future market operators are expected to maintain robust growth, supported by sustained growth in market demand, which will help to raise the demand for corporate business. At the firm level, emerging operations such as digital trade and cross-border payments are being injected into long-term growth potential, with improved digital support services and market opening.
Taking into account the increase in income from value-added services and rent increases resulting from the establishment of the Integrated Foreign Trade Services System of companies, we went to Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - a detailed explanation of the business lines of Small Commodity City, a model that was uniquely targeted at Small Commodity City (600415.sh) - a good business growth in the first half of the year, which was further refined.
Small Commodities City (600415.sh) - Quarterly Core Majors perform well, Emerging Business Small Commodities City (600415.sh) - Granted foreign exchange operations with payment agencies. Further, the company collected 10,613 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 34.25 per cent, resulting in a net profit of 2.329 billion yuan to the mother.
The difference in income and profit growth is mainly due to the lower return on investment and asset disposal than in the previous year. Revenues of $3.847 billion were realized in the three quarters alone, an increase of 40.17 per cent in the same year, and net profits of $881 million to the mother, an increase of 176.73 per cent in the same year, of which about $994 million was earned in the three quarters of the main business, an increase of 108 per cent in the same year.
(b) Among the emerging businesses, companies ' last three quarters of Chinagoods platform gmv exceeded 60.8 billion yuan, an increase of 16 per cent compared to the previous three quarters;
Figure 2: Single-quarter net profit and increase (billion yuan, per cent) in small commodity cities 30.1 per cent of the third-quarter Māori rate in companies, compared to +9.54 pct, which benefits from rent dynamics and improved service capacity. Controls are good. Companies achieved net operating cash flows of $453 million in the first three quarters, compared to +21.53 per cent in the current period.
Investment proposals: At the firm level, future market operators are expected to maintain a positive growth trend, supported by a strong value-for-goods advantage and growing demand in emerging markets. At the firm level, future market operators are expected to remain stable with improved digitally supported services and market openings.
Human growth, digital trade and cross-border payments inject long-term growth potential. The authors of the report ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.