Launch of the Reform Programme for Deepening International Trade, Small Commodities City, 26 December 2024.
▪ Events: On 24 December, the State Council issued the General Programme for the Deepening of Integrated International Trade Reforms in the City of Yiu, Zhejiang Province (hereinafter " the Programme " ), which generally calls for support for reforms in areas and key links related to the deepening of international trade.
There are a number of relevant elements of the Programme. A public announcement on the implementation of the Programme was issued in Small Commodity City on the same day. ▪ The Programme's content with respect to Small Commodity Cities is concentrated in areas such as international trade in small commodities and trade infrastructure, including: (a) improving the way markets purchase trade; and (b) promoting import trade.
Innovative developments to introduce a positive list management system for eligible imports of consumer goods and optimize customs clearance processes; to fully implement the integrated tax area function and allow duty-free shops to import goods through the CSSA; to build a secure and controlled network of overseas services to encourage independent stations and cross-border logistics development;
The development of internal and external trade integration standards, which promote “standard entry” into the market system for small commodities; the strengthening of the interface between internal and external trade market channels; the promotion of “one-way” cooperation; the deepening of financial sector reforms; and sound trade data rules.
▪ In response to the Programme, Small Commodity Cities will focus on five initiatives: (a) striving to increase the import of consumer goods for daily use; (b) enhancing the digitalization of trade by exporting enterprises; (c) optimizing logistics corridors to reduce compliance costs; (d) enhancing trade clearing efficiency and security; and (e) promoting data assetization,
▪ Focusing on the development prospects and expectations in the area of cross-border imports of small commodity cities: the current export regulations of the U-turn are much larger than imports, January-November 2024, 542.1 billion yuan in export size and import size
The company plans to implement a positive clean-up system for consumer goods per day, with a total of 300 billion yuan by 2030. Prior to that, the company took the position that it would increase the net profit of the mother by 177%, and the main industry by 177%.
A pilot unit, which builds a digitalized joint regulatory platform, offers one-stop testing certification services, and implements an easy customs clearance process, requires a full online clearance of the required certificates, and will complete the first operation of the positive import list in the near future.
There are basic conditions for cross-border import operations, logistics, etc.
Review: Income growth of 31 per cent is commensurate with the expected growth prospects of complementary services in the areas of small commodity city logistics, payments, data elements: in the near future, Chinagoods and progress in cross-border payments
Over the years, small commodity cities have invested continuously in acillary service development based on hub status, shifting the profit model from a centralized “rent-back” model to an integrated service, moving on to the ginagoods online platform, yiwupay cross-border renminbi payments, smart cloud port logistics, etc., and continuing to invest in data capacity-building to complete them.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: With a series of policies, such as the Programme, companies are expected to grow deeper and more consistently around small commodity chains. Considering the progress of the construction and operation of global digital centres,
Three major financial forecasting tables for Small Commodity Cities. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.