Qingdao Beers Study, February 24, 2022.
Qingdao's beer is a Chinese beer locomotive, with a hundred-year-old brand power that strongly supports the company's export of beer culture to the country and the world, while at the same time, under a beer-high-end melody, it's high.
a Total stock stock (millions): 100-year-old beer, powerful 1) the Chinese beer-making leader, 100-year-old, Qingdao + Mt.
The only national priority laboratory in the alcohol industry has a real beer production capacity of about 9.49 million tonnes/year, with a beer production of about 7.58 million tonnes in 2021. The company is controlled by the Qingdao City State Finance Committee, which controls 32.50% of the total shares of the company (22q3).
1) The high-end beer is now the main melody: data show that in 2021, China's beer industry produced hundreds of millions of yuan, compared to 7.91 per cent in 2021, and in almost five years, the cagr was 3.07 per cent. 2) The two brands of Qingshima + Mt. are powerful: the firm Qingshima + Mt.
Both brands have entered the top 10 cities, and Qingdao brands have taken up medium- and low-end positions.
3) Qingdao Beers High-end Space: In 2011, the peak production of the beer industry marked the end of an era of crude growth, with the high-end beer industry officially launched and today, out of the open volume, high-end leaders include Budwei, the heavy beer industry, and so on. Qingdao Beers, which has grown over the last 10 years, are now offering about 1,000 litres of wine.
For $3,742, it is still low in the industry, and high-end space is large, based on nearly 8 million tons of sales, and companies are working hard to promote this, suggesting that attention be paid to it. Think of the path: Shandong beer culture is strong, it has green hair from Shandong, which strongly supports cultural output.
1) beer taps on one side: currently, the market size (outside) of the beer industry is about 77.49 per cent, and the markets of the Bew, Huayun, Boil, Heavy Boil, Yanjing municipalities are about 22.17 per cent, 21.70 per cent, 19.04 per cent, 7.72 per cent, 6.86 per cent, and the markets are better on the other side.
2) Shandong is unique in supporting cultural output: the company originates in Shandong, which is the province with the highest production of beer in our industry, has a strong beer culture, has a strong view of the consumption of high-energy beer such as catering and nighttime, and has the power to support the company's export of beer culture to the country and to the world.
JU-HUN: The company's core team is strong, its chairman, Mr. Wong Keheing, is good at marketing, its president, Mr. Kang Jong-sung, is good at supply chain strategy, and its core team is successful at building a deep distribution system.
The producer-mdcd model, which develops more than 13,000 distributors, is actively expanding the chain of “tsingtao 1903 Qingshima Beers” – that is, about 50% of the drinking channels. The risk of fluctuations in consumer scenes, price volatility of raw materials, and the risk of policy adjustment.
A hundred-year-old wine industry has been rejuvenating for a few years, and a hundred-year-old beer has gone into a new phase of high-quality development. A hundred-year-old national company, a leader in the beer industry. Qingdao beer is China's oldest beer-producing company, formerly Ying and Ying.
In 1903, the German businessman created a joint venture, Qingjia, a company that was listed in Hong Kong in 1993 as the first company in the interior to be listed in both places. The company now owns the Qingjia Beers Master + Qingshan Beer Second brand, a high-profile product that sells overseas, market size and brand value industry leader.
Predominant. We have roughly divided the process of corporate development into four phases: 1992-2001: the period of expansion of acquisitions. After being overtaken by Yinjing's beer, Qingdao's beer has accelerated the pace of recovery, M & A and marketing. In 2001, the company owned 46 liquor factories and its capacity increased rapidly to 380.
In the period 1992-2001, the company's operating income rose from 809 million yuan to 5.277 billion yuan, and the cagrda shifted from an extenuating to an implicit development, with a focus on internal system integration. In 2003, the company implemented a strategy of high- and low-end products, with Qingjia beer as its main brand, Qingshan, Hans, and Mountain Water as its second brand, “1+3”
In 2008, the company introduced a marketing model for “big customer + micro-operate” and improved the layout of the channels. Camp 2012-2018: Adjustment of the transition period. The domestic beer market is at its peak, competition is increasing, and companies are in transition.
Mountain Beer 2 brand: The development strategy has shifted from a two-wheel drive, “inclusive development + expansive development” to “stable growth, structural adjustment”; in addition, companies have strengthened the construction of coastal and strategic belts along the Yellow River market to construct a “one-size-fits-all” strategic market layout for Qing island beer.
2018 to date: Quality development period. During this period, the company's market strategy was upgraded to a two-way and one-way strategy along the Yellow + Coastal + River; in order to meet the consumer's individualized and high-end needs, the company created new channels, and by 2020, the bottom company had set up more than 200 “tsingtao 1903 Slate Island Beers” throughout the country: the company focused on its main product.
Qingdao beer and second brand Qingjia beer continue to be built and upgraded to meet the high-end trends in the beer industry. Qingdao beer high-end positioning, company high-end acceleration, sale of high-end Qingdao beer products from 2018 to 2021.
1.2 High-end transformation, sustained improvement in profitability, 1.2.1 medium- and high-end brands Qingjia beer perform well, with one round and one round of strategic effectiveness, and corporate performance rises to a sharper level. Qingdao beer pursues a “quality development” strategy and continues to push the product line.
Building upgrades and organizational optimization, accelerating the digital transformation to increase the synergy of production and sales, actively opening up the flow, reducing the effects, helping companies to achieve higher levels of performance and achieving a net profit on business/motherhood in 2021 Qingjia beer, respectively, have shown an upward trend in the sales and revenue share of the main brand Qingjia beer sales in recent years.
The strategy of the second brand of cards + Xiaoshan beer, which is located at the upper end, and the upper end, which is located at the public end. In 2021, Qingjima made 19.796 billion dollars, an increase of 14.75 per cent over the same period, contributing to the company's beer business. The company continued to pursue its strategy of “two-way, one-way”, with significant results. In 2018, the company formally established “Calling the Mountain”.
The East Base Market + a cross-cutting strategy along the Yellow + River + Coast, with capacity adjustment and product structure optimized continuously, currently operates in the following regional markets: 1) Shandong: The Base Market has a significant advantage. The two brands of Qingjia and Qingshan Beer are Shandong.
One hundred million yuan, an increase of 6.00% over the same year, is higher than the average increase in revenue in the mainland market. Shandong market accounts for an average of 2 per cent of revenue per region.
The North market is growing faster and more profitable. 3) Coastal: steady performance is expected to increase both. Coastal markets are the early markets of companies, and sales and profits have temporarily declined after 2015 as a result of the region’s highly competitive economy, and companies have been marketing to sales teams and markets since then.
The strategy has been adjusted to the current level of stability in the South China market, which is expected to achieve a double gain in the future. 4) Along the river: out of the value base. Along the river market is a weak market for companies, where there have been difficulties in operating in the past. Through the closure of factories, the promotion of high-end products and the search for different competitive opportunities for products and channels have made it possible to break down the market.
The current business situation has improved and individual markets have lost their profits. 1.2.2 Structural upgrades + cost controls, promotion of corporate profitability, better cost controls, significant reductions in sales rates and maintenance of administrative costs.
Cost placement and use + optimized integrated production capacity + construction of digitally intelligent supply chains, improved corporate management and marketing efficiency, significant decrease in sales costs, 8.37 pct to 13.58% lower in 2017-2021, figure 8: Qingdao beer and comparable company sales costs (%)
Figure 9: Qingdao beer and comparable company management costs (%) Structural upgrades + cost controls, and company profitability continues to increase. Qingdao beer has continued to grow in high-end, product structures have been upgraded in recent years, and companies have optimized their production capacity and cost investments have contributed to increasing profitability.
Figure 10: Qingdao beer and comparable company Mäori ratio (%)
1.3 The Qingdao City State Finance Committee is the owner and the equity incentive works well 1.3.1 The Qingdao State Finance Committee is the actual controller and the control is stable.
As of 2022q3, the stock of the company is controlled by 32.50% through the Qingdao Beers Group. Equity incentives are broad, strong and effective. Companies use profits as a central goal, they carry out equity incentive schemes, and 13.2 million shares a-share restrictions are granted to other company core managers, middle managers, and core cadres.
2. In the stock age, the high end of the structural upgrading transition is the big one, the 2.1 stock age, with price increases becoming the core driving force: the beer industry entering the stock age
Prior to 2013: During the period of incremental growth, the beer industry grew steadily. At the beginning of the twenty-first century, sales in the beer industry showed steady growth, rising from 22.31 million litres to 49.83 million litres between 2000 and 2013. Cagr 2013 to date: in the stock age, the beer industry has seen its output go down, and sales have stabilized since 2013.
In 2020, we produced 34.11 million litres of beer, and in 2013-2020, the cagr was 5.27%. In 2021, our beer industry produced at its low base level in 2020, and we believe that the main reason for the decline in consumption in the beer industry after 2013 is:
1. Population ageing and a decrease in the number of beer-mainstream consumers. According to the new consumption think tank, the bulk of beer consumption is concentrated in the 20-45 age group. The country ' s population aged 15-64 and its share of the total population peaked around 2013 and has declined since then, with a reduction in the size of the target population.
The per capita consumption of beer is saturated. Between 2016 and 2021, the per capita consumption of beer remained essentially stable at 32 litres/year, at 31.42 litres/year in 2021, slightly lower than in Japan and Korea, but higher than the per capita consumption of beer (24.93 litres/year, 15.30 litres/year) in the world and the Asia-Pacific region, and the per capita consumption of beer is now saturated.
2.1.2 Prices: Prices drive steady growth in the industry, with a steady growth in the size of the beer industry, and sales of tons rising. The market in the beer industry increased from $448.4 billion to $650 billion in 2013-2019, with a 6.38 per cent capr and a consumption scene in 2020.
In 2013, the capr reached 7.22%, which is higher than sales. The industry’s growth logic shifted from a “volume-up” to a “price-up-driven” and a high-end shift in beer firms’ competitive strategies.
The increase in sales in the beer industry before 2013 was driven by increases in volume and prices, and since then, when the industry entered the stock, it became more difficult to raise the share of the liquor industry in high market concentration, leading alcohol companies to optimise the high end of the product structure, shifting the competitive strategy from sales to higher profit margins, which became a central driver of industry development, except for 2020.
Over the years, the price of beer products has generally stabilized at 6-7 per cent per year in recent years, effectively overcoming the impact of the decline in beer sales and supporting the steady growth of the industry. Figure 18: Changes in the drivers of growth in the beer industry in our country
2.2 The high-end industry continues to evolve. 2.2.1 Cost pressures accelerate product structural upgrading. Profit is driven by the industry’s initiative to raise prices. The cost of package and brewing raw materials is higher, and upstream price fluctuations are likely to affect the enterprise’s Māori rate.
According to the report, the cost of packaged materials in the beer industry (from high to low to glass bottles, aluminium cans, boxboard paper) accounted for 52.2 per cent of the enterprise ' s output, while the cost of raw materials (including wheat sprouts, rice, beer flowers, ancillary materials, water, etc.) was 19.4 per cent, the share of raw materials in the package and brewing industry was more than 70 per cent, and upstream price volatility influenced the rate of the beer industry.
High-cost pressure accelerates beer companies to pursue higher profitability by upgrading their products. After 2018, barley, paper prices rose considerably, raw materials such as barley, corn, etc. rose to historical heights after 2020, and the prices of packaging materials such as glass, tiles, paper, aluminium, etc. reached new heights.
Enterprises increase their profitability by boosting product structure and raising average unit prices. Figure 22: Changes in glass, aluminium prices ($/t) Figure 23: Changes in the price of tiles ($/t)
2.2.2 There is a clear trend towards high-end industry, where the high-end market is expected to expand, with a sharp rise in the price of high-end beer in the country and a clear trend towards high-end beer. According to Euromonitor, the share of high-end beer sales exceeded that of the general population between 2016 and 2021.
The level of beer is 1.32 per cent, and the trend towards high end in the beer industry is clear. Figure 25: Changes in the sales of beer in different classes in the country (%): Changes in the sales of beer in different classes in the country (%)
2.3 Industry is highly concentrated, regional markets are stable, and the beer industry has developed a “3-0-0-0-0-0-0” stable pattern. By 2013, beer businesses used low-price competitive strategies, M & As integrated to expand their market share, and with industry entering a period of structural adjustment after 2013, the pattern of competition has gradually evolved.
As we move towards stability, the beer industry has now developed a market competition pattern of the "3rd and 2rd", which refers to Chinese beer, Qingdao beer and Budweiser beer, and the "2nd and 2nd" refers to Chongqing beer and Yanking beer. According to Euromonitor, in 2021, the beer industry was 58.2% cr3 and Cr5 respectively.
The high-market market is the core profit pool of the beer industry. 1) The beer industry is a traditional heavy asset, high turnover, and thin-lip-selling industry, dominated by industrial production, with high fixed assets such as factories and equipment generating significant depreciation amortization costs and maintenance of production lines, with obvious economies of scale. 2) Beer consumption is seasonal, with high summer consumption rates.
Production capacity is limited during the season. 3) The beer industry used to have a sales radius and a natural geography, owing to the high cost of transportation of glass bottles, the recycling of beer bottles and the demand for fresh beer. The high-market market is the central profit pool of the liquor industry, and the industry has expanded its profit margin through the acquisition of local liquor companies.
Regional market patterns are stable and industry patterns are improving. At present, the geographical division of the beer market is largely over, with large firms forming their own strong regions and high brand barriers in the process of industrial integration.
High-end beer-track competition is expected to bring about a new change in patterns. While the beer industry is now more stable, with alcohol companies taking control of their niches, competition in the high-end sector remains unclear, and competition in the high-end product-track is expected to become the main competitive point in the industry.
To bring about new changes in industry patterns. 3. Adjustments to structure + performance + canning rate, profitability to up-line 3.1: high-end strategic layout, high product upgrading potential
The main brand Qingjia beer high-end layout process is early and fast-paced. The company’s high-end layout is early in time, constantly upgrading the high-end product structure in response to the consumer’s high-end, personalized needs, and moving to high-value-added products such as listening, brewing, etc. to lead the industry.
In 2009, the company launched a high-end product, August: in 2010, high-end beers were introduced to the urban elite, and the market echoed well; in 2013, black beers, 1903 and Hong Kong became the new product with three arrows; and in 2014, the company gave the product a quality concept that opened up the Quantico of Green Island Beer.
The company has successfully advanced its high-end, with medium- and high-end products growing resilient. In 2021, middle-high-end products represented the brand of Qingjima.
The volume of alcohol sales was 4.33 million litres (+11.62%), representing 54.60% of total sales, compared to 16 years +6.50 pct, with revenues of the same +8% for the classic sale of large single items, the volume of white beverages growing at a much faster rate than double-digit sales, and the production of large singles moving forward successfully. The product structure upgrades boosted the price of tons, releasing the profit margin.
All right, in 2021, $4,572 per kilolitre, to boost the overall sales to a “structural upgrading plus price increase” from 3,260 per kilolitre in 2016. We believe that profit-seeking drives the beer industry to a high end, that the future high-end beer market is expected to expand faster, and that Qingjia beer is available early in the medium- and high-end product market and is recognized by consumers.
In the short term, the company’s future price-raising strategy is expected to be normal, with price spreads releasing profits, and high-end sales of beer are expected to accelerate by 3.2 per cent as the consumption scene returns.
Companies continue to optimize their production capacity and shut down their plants. During the past rapid market expansion, a large number of beer businesses have accumulated over-acquisitions, resulting in excess capacity, while some of the lag capacity has been difficult to match with the continued high-end of the company’s product lines, and the company’s profits have been reduced by depreciation, maintenance costs, employee remuneration, and so on.
In 2019, the company announced plans to shut down 10 integrated plants in 3-5 years, put on hold the 2020 force majeure-affected plan, and continue the future capacity clean-up plan.
The plant moves toward intelligence and high-end. As the backward capacity is phased out, Aoshima's beer is also strengthening its intellectual system.
The company is constantly accelerating the pace of digital production transformation and industrial Internet advances, promoting the project of a flat, multi-million-litre liquor factory in the Shandong market, promoting the demonstration of smart manufacturing in a beer factory, upgrading the plant, significantly reducing the delivery time of client orders and the development time of new products, and strengthening the company's height.
The supply capacity of end-products promotes a higher share of company customized beer and revenue collection. In 2021, Qingdao Beers was recognized by the world as the world’s first global beer and beverage industry, the Lighthouse Plant, and the business model, production model and quality management model of the plant.
Fig. 35: Qingdao's beer has won the title of Lighthouse Plant 3.3 canning rate: the tank rate continues to increase, the product structure continues to optimize, our beer consumption is dominated by glass bottles, and the canning rate is lower than the world average.
In the past few years, the market for glass products has been more supply than demand, at low prices, and the bottle can be recycled, further reducing costs; and in the consumption scene, the market for beer is relatively high, with large bottled beer capacity, safety and stability, and so it is now drinking cans.
Dodo is a glass bottle. Multiple angles determine that our beer consumption today is dominated by glass bottles, which, according to Euromonitor, amounted to 71.17 per cent of our bottled beer consumption in 2021; beer canning levels are relatively low compared to world averages, with a large difference from the mature global market.
The increase in glass costs + the increase in demand for canned products + the benefits of the industry, which together drive the increase in the tanking rate of our beer market, is expected to be close to world averages in the future. 1) In terms of costs, environmental requirements are tightening, causing some small- and medium-sized glass plants to exit the market, recovery of bottles is more expensive, and the increase in the price of glass makes the cost of new bottles more expensive. 2) In the consumer scene, electricity suppliers,
Ka channels are mainly canned products, electricity suppliers, and the rise and collapse of the take-over and the deterioration of the consumption scene affect the consumption of drinking channels, such as restaurants, and increase household consumption. 3) At the industry level, in accordance with the Chinese Liquor Association's “145” Guidelines for the Development of the Liquor Industry, published in 2021, the beer industry has been strongly guided to restructure its product structure and promote a shift in beer products.
High-end, easy-to-be, personalized, and small-scale developments. The beer canning rate in the country has gradually increased, with a year-on-year ratio of +3.40 pct to 28.81% in 2021, and a steady upward trend is expected in the future. 36: Change in the ratio of beer glass bottles to canned bottles in the country (%)
Figure 37: Multi-country and world cannery levels in 2021 (%) Table 4: Difference between glass bottles and canned beer
The demand for scenario consumption, the plasticity of the packaging of the product, and the precision of the marketing by enabling enterprises. At prices, canned products are mainly in the circulation market, with a relative advantage and flexibility in pricing under the same specifications; at costs, the production and transport costs of bottled production lines are higher as a result of, among other things, the multiple recycling of glass bottles.
In summary, canned beer products have a profit margin of about 10 pct higher than glass bottles, and a 10% increase in canning will drive the profit rate up by about 1 pcct-2pct. The company's active distribution of tank capacity is expected to improve profitability.
Lines, the promotion of listening products, have continued to grow, and the future beer market will have greater scope as household consumption scenes increase. The 2021 Qingjia beer canning rate, about 27%, is still below the national average, and the future company canning rate is expected to increase, contributing to the company’s profitability.
High end product layout 4.1.1 product matrix is clear, high end layout leads to consumption upscaling
The company has built a full-priced product matrix around two brands. The company is now building a rich product matrix of super-high, high-end, mainstream, full-priced products around the Qingdao brand to meet different consumer needs: 1) Qingdao beer master brand: the company has brought together the highest end of its resource power to build a single Qingdao beer master brand.
Mainstream prices belts, fast-disbursing markets; one is a super-high-end product like "100 years of travel, legends of the world" that upgrades brands, and the other is a special product like "Angshima Powder, White Beer, Pearson, Hong Kong Head, August, Custom Products", multi-priced belts.
2) The company has regional beer brands in Shandong Province, such as Quantico Fountains, Silver Wheat, Tobacco Stations, etc., which are low in unit prices and equipped with a certain customer stickyness, which is expected to gradually replace and replace future Quisan beers.
In recent years, companies have continued to exchange white beverages, based on a 100-year drive, amberlag, Hong Kong, and classic 1903 products.
In early 2022, the company introduced a super-high-end Qingdao beer “I Legendary” at a retail price of $1,399/Battle, which led to a breakthrough in the upgrading of the country's beer consumption with “basic quality + characteristic quality” to “characterity quality”.
4.1.2 Corporate R & D capabilities are excellent, product quality is too strong, companies focus on product innovation, and they are leading the innovation-capacity industry. Currently, companies own the only priority laboratory in the beer industry, a top-class R & D platform in the country. In 2021, corporate R & D expenditures amounted to $30.89 million, an increase.
With 43.89% plus capr, from 2016 to 2021, 16.15%. A Qingdao beer focuses on research and development innovation, company capacity and technology, and company ownership of a number of intellectual property rights core technologies. In 2020, companies held a total of 582 patents, 340 more than in 2015, leading by R & D capabilities.
Responsive to market demand, sustained development of higher quality, better-spoken beer products, continuous upgrading of product power. Figure 38: Corporate R & D costs and their share of revenue. Figure 39: Number of patents held by companies with their peers
The quality of the product has been widely appreciated by consumers both at home and abroad. The company is the oldest beer business in the country, with its superior product quality, including almost all the gold prizes for the quality of the beer since the establishment of the new China, and has won the national beer quality prize on several occasions.
4.2 Focus on the 1+1 branding strategy, diversified marketing for impact, 4.2.1 100-year-old national brand, high-end strategy for development, leading brand name, Qingdao Beer, has been the first in the Qingdao beer industry for many years.
One of our first 10 famous trademarks has strong brand power and high visibility in both the domestic and foreign markets. According to the data published by the World Brand Laboratories, China 's 500 Most Valued Brands '2022, the Qingdao Liquor brand for the first time broke over 200 billion yuan, amounting to 218,225 million yuan, and became the first in 19 consecutive years in China's beer industry.
First, top three in the food and beverages industry, with Mao Dai, Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly, A-Fly-Fly-Fly, A-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly, and A-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly, and A-Fly-Fly-Fly-A-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly, and A-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly
Qingdao's beer has evolved over the years, and has undergone three changes to form the current high-end branding strategy. In 2003, the company proposed a “1+3” branding strategy, supported by Qingdao, Hans, and Mountain Water brands; in 2014, the company officially launched the “1+1+n” branding strategy, the “Qingdao Beer Masters” and the “Kingdao Mountain 2” brand.
+Hans, Mountainwater, Silver and other regional brands; in 2015, the company streamlined its brand strategy to “1+1” strategy, Qingdao, Qingdao, Qingdao, Qingdao, supported by Xiaoshan beer, and formalized two branding patterns. The product under two brands is well-positioned, the main brand is Qing, the island's beers are high-end, the second brand is high-end, and the other brands are gradually replaced by other brands, pushing.
Qingdao's beer uses a unique and extremely simplified branding strategy to deepen consumer perceptions. Qingdao's beer uses a very simple method, with a variety of product categories around Qingdao and Yaoshan brands, which are developed in a brand-led manner that helps companies.
Focusing resources on precision marketing, highlighting brand influence, and increasing consumer awareness of high-end Qingdao beer products. 4.2.2 Continuing upgrading of the Qingdao beer marketing strategy, contributing to the rejuvenation of brands. Qingdao beer has been promoted in a diverse manner and continuously upgraded.
The Ministry of Innovation and Marketing, in 2015, introduced a four-pronged brand promotion model, “Sales marketing, consumer experience, brand dissemination, fan interaction”, which has continued for many years to focus on “Sport marketing, music marketing and experience marketing”, enhancing brand influence and internationalization of brands, rejuvenation and fashionization.
Sports marketing is one of the long-term strategies for Qingdao's beer. One of the major consumption scenes for Qingdao's beer is watching sports events. Since 2003, when Qingdao's beer sponsored the first Xiamen Marathon, sports marketing has become one of the long-term strategies of companies that are involved in a wide range of fields, such as marathon hunting, football, basketball, etc. In 2022, the company became an official sponsor of the Winter Olympics.
Companies try to cut into electric competitions and foster young consumers. With the digitalization of sports, the rejuvenation of audiences, the potential for head-market growth, and the consolidation of traditional markets by beer companies, they actively explore new and incremental markets.
In pursuit of a breakthrough in sports marketing, beer explores a variety of ways of working with sports partners to cut into the “electronic games” scene, widens the consumption of beer and nurtures young consumers.
For 100-year-old beer brands, from 2013 to the present, an attempt has been made to develop a “music Festival Plus Beer” approach to foster young consumer groups, expand consumption scenes, and demonstrate a rejuvenated branding attitude. From 2017 to 2019, Qingjia beer sponsored the Aichi culture “Scream Night” concert for three years: 2018 to 2020, Qingjia beer sponsored the Isy Sanya International Music Festival.
From 2019 to the present, Aoshima's beer has joined with strawberry music festivals. The rich music experience has accelerated the integration of Aoshima's beer with young consumers and helped to rejuvenate the brand.
In 2020, the company launched a new tidal tank of 1903 from its 100-year history, leading to the 100-year-old tide. As a sponsor of the Beijing Winter Olympics in 2022, Qingjia, Qingjia.
The festivals of bars and snow and snow have been held to strengthen the emotional resonance with young people, using the country's tide as a link. Figure 40: Qingdao beer together npc shines New York Fashion Week.
Innovative immersion marketing to meet the diverse needs of consumers at the higher end of their personality. The company's innovative launch of the “Tsingtao 1903 Qingshima Beer Experience Shop”, which meets the multi-layered needs of consumer personalization, scenery, ready-to-be, high-end, etc., through the immersion of consumption scenes. As of the end of 2020, “tsingtao 1903”
There are more than 200 homes, located in more than 20 provinces and cities across the country, to spread the quality and culture of Qingdao's beer by creating great experiences. In June 2022, the company launched the largest, best-practiced new area on the west coast of Qingdao International Beer Festival, and experienced the most abundant immersed beer + consumer life experience mahl — Qingdao's beer.
The time-coast bourbon garden, the new consumption scenes give consumers a deep sense of the charm and culture of Qingdao beer.
According to Euromonitor, the share of the country's consumption below the non-supplier beer line is about 50% each. As a result of the damage caused to the consumption scene since 2020, the company's income from the drinking channel fell from more than 60% in 2019 to 44.4% in 2021, along with catering and nighttime.
On the online marketing side, companies are continuously refining the "Web Super + Official Flag Shop + Authorized Distribution Specialized Shop + Micro-Credit" system of stereo-based electricity channels, promoting third-party partnerships such as o2o, b2b, community group purchasing, multi-channeling to meet the purchase needs of consumers in the Internet age, and increasing consumer consumption.
The “big customer plus micro-operation” operating model enhanced corporate distribution capacity and access control. Between 2008 and 2018, companies consistently adhered to the “big customer plus micro-operation” sales operating model, which enhanced distribution and terminal control in regional markets.
1) The large client model refers to the selection and development of clients by companies to become large customers within a given region, to rapidly open markets, to improve marketing efficiency through their local resource advantages, to reduce marketing costs, to respond quickly to market demand, and to use their product resources to form a better distribution network.
2) The micro-business model refers to end-centred management, i.e., deep distribution sales, multiple small-scale customers directly supplying the terminal, flattening the channel, and increasing the company’s control over the channel. The micro-business model promotes the Qingdao Bing Bing.
The channel operating model is adapted to local conditions, and the distributor’s efficiency is improved. The company’s channel operating model can be divided into three types: intensive, mixed and exclusive, and the company can adapt and upgrade the channel mode, staircase, fine-tune channel model, depending on the competition situation in the regional markets and the customer’s ability.
In addition, the company continues to optimize its list of distributors, and the effectiveness of individual distributors has steadily improved. Between 2016 and 2021, the number of Qingdao beer distributors has increased from 1) sales: given the limited potential for overall growth in the beer industry, 21 years of company sales have been damaged by consumption.
The effects of storm weather, the damage to the 22-year consumer landscape are concentrated in the light season, the current consumption scene is expected to recover gradually, catering consumption is expected to recover, adding to the continued heat and drought in the South summer, the Mid-Autumn and National Day holidays, and the November World Cup, which will be instrumental in beer sales, and we expect future sales of corporate beer to resume at a small rate.
With a slight push to upgrade the product structure, we expect the main brand Qingjia beer sales to grow at a rate of 2 tons in 22/23/24: the process of high-end beer in our country has just begun, and there is still room for raising the price of Qingjia beer, which is expected to continue to rise with the upgrading of product structure and the constantization of price increases. We expect the price to continue to rise in 22/23/24.
Qingdao's beer is China's leading beer head, a company that grows from Shandong, a strong beer culture, has a 100-year brand power that supports the company's ability to export beer culture to the whole country and the world, while, under the beer-high-end theme, the company's high-end volatility risks, the volatility of raw materials prices, and the risk of policy adjustment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.