Qingshima Beersingtaobrewery (600600ch) 2022 Report Review: Profitsroseagainstethrendin2022, Costsreddingtohelp2023earnings
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
In 2022, the company achieved 32.17 billion yuan in revenue, a year-on-year increase of about 6.7 per cent over the city ' s "outperform " , and a return net profit of 3.71 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 17.6 per cent over the past four quarters.
See, as a result of large-scale infections caused by the deregulation of the epidemic, the company recorded a significant reduction of 35.5 per cent in the equivalent of losses incurred by the recipient of htiesg.
The MSciesg rating does not interfere with a year-round increase in sales and a steady increase in product structure during the fourth quarter of the year.
The current drinking channels were disturbed more clearly, and corporate overall sales and high-end processes were affected somewhat, but as sales were relatively small in four quarters alone, the company as a whole was rmb 123.73bn/us$17.96bn
Increased by 1.8 per cent over the same period; with the sales of the Qingdao beer brand, 4.44 million litres equal to 2.6 per cent higher, the structure of the company ' s products continued to be steadily upgraded, the company achieved medium-high and ton cost-control capabilities better than its peers, and the cost rate was equal to the profitability of the aids increased 2022.
Pricereturn-mscicchina, influenced by rising prices of raw materials, continues to be under considerable pressure at the cost side. Ton costs rise by 4.6% compared to the rest of the industry throughout the year.
The company still displays excellent cost-control capabilities. In 2022, the company continued to streamline its staffing, benefiting from a fall in staff remuneration costs compared to the year, a 13.1% decrease in sales costs compared to the same year, a 0.53 pct decrease compared to the same year; and a decrease in share-paying costs from the same year.
The current management cost rate is 4.6%, a 1.0% decrease in the year-on-year rate, and ultimately the level of profitability continues to be stressed at the same level as the cost of barley, and the price of the package is explored or provided with elasticity of performance. According to recent exchanges, most liquor companies have completed their year-on-year barley lock-downs, and we expect it to be complete.
The annual cost of barley is about 20% higher than the year. But we have also recently observed that the price of package (bottles, aluminium, tiles) has been generally explored, whether the latest current price, or an average price of 23 years, with a decline of 10-20%.
Since then, barley prices have re-emerged with a downward trend in ring prices, which offers a chance for wine companies to achieve a year-on-year decline in barley costs by the end of this year. We expect companies to achieve a level of lower ton cost per ton, which is the final industry.
Performance growth provides a better elasticity. Investment advice and profit forecasting. At the end of sales: we expect to open again with the current drinking terminal (rmmmn)
Put it down, the company is expected to continue to increase its volume (low and medium) prices (high and medium) this year. Cost side: we expect sales costs to return to a normal pace this year, but at the same time the company is expected to control the costs by closing down the plant, downsizing the sales staff, etc.
♪ Ho Shiweihu ♪