The recombinant human ovarian hormone-ctp blends in protein fluids, and the line of assisted reproductive products is enriched.
Southwest Securities Research and Development Center incident: The company has reached an agreement with Chengdu Nobutu-Thai to develop the whole of China's mainland region on the “Reorganisation of Human Pulse Hormogen-ctp Integration Protein Injection” of the inter-protein clinical trial sequence developed by Chengdu Nobutu-Thai.
Reassembled human ovarian hormone-ctp blended protein injection fluid long-acting advantages are highlighted. “Reconstructing human ovarian bulge hormone-ctp blended protein injection fluids” are seven biological analogues and develop adaptive disorders to assist reproduction and gnrh
The product is a long-acting recombinant ovulation, intended to be administered once a week, with fsh-ctp increasing the ease and responsiveness of patients and the competitiveness of products compared to the current short-lived fsh in the domestic market.
● Auxiliary reproductive space is wide, and fsh-ctp is expected to replace short-acting ovarians in the future. The domestic market for ovarians is large. From 2012 to 2019, sample hospital sales of ovarian hormones grew from 550 million yuan to 1.05 billion yuan annually, with a compound annual increase of about 9.8%, with a projected sales value of ovarian terminals of 3 billion yuan.
Up. The ovarians consist mainly of recombinant human ovarian hormones (rh-fsh) and urinary ovarians (ufsh), where rh-fsh dominates the market due to better purity and ovulation. The market has not yet had long-lived ovarians, and only company products and Conninger's long-acting agent type have entered the clinical phase, with competitive patterns.
Better, it is expected that short-acting ovarians will gradually be replaced by future listings. Growth hormones, ovarian bulges will continue to be released, and batch issuances for nose-spray influenza will increase rapidly. Corporate-based products will continue to be fast for the long term.
The second-line varieties are in the rapid release phase and are expected to become a 1 billion-volume heavy-pound product with the approval of new adaptive conditions. The new product, the first nosin influenza vaccine in the country to reduce the epidemic, is 10,000, and it is expected that the nosal influenza vaccine will contribute significantly to the company’s performance.
Profit predictions and ratings. Core product growth hormones are growing fast, second-line products are growing faster, and in research 1. Long spring highs and highs (000661), growth hormone taps are developing 2. Long spring highs and news (000661), introduction of brimstone brights and bry.
Forest, Auxiliary Reproductive Product Lines (2020-11-18) Continuous release of core products (2020-10-27)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.