The profits of health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences have been growing rapidly, and trends in growth hormones have been determined.
The profit was 2,209 million yuan, an increase of 79.29 per cent, and the ps $558; the net profit of 942 million won in the third quarter, or 83.44 per cent. Overall performance met expectations.
According to the Division, Kinsey achieved revenues of $1.714 billion (+13.3 per cent), net profits of $860 million (+27.9 per cent), a slightly lower-than-expected increase in income, and net profits continued to grow faster than revenues, indicating significant efficiency in upgrading and cost control of gold-sale products.
Growth, mainly the rapid release of vaccine products. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry q3 earns $156 million in total equity/flow (million shares) net interest rates have risen steadily and the cost rate has remained low. The overall Māori ratio of q3 companies is 88.44 per cent.
The cost of R & D rose from 77 million yuan to 128 million yuan in 2003, and its weight increased to 5.14 per cent, mainly in the development of vaccine products; and financial costs were expected to increase.
The decline in the sales cost rate was 42.25% net interest rate for q3 companies, an increase of 4.88 pct over the same period. Looking ahead, the basis for rapid growth in core growth hormones and vaccine asset performance is solid.
As a domestic growth hormone leader, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is expected to see some of the new surges during the course of the year as a result of the epidemic, but we expect a steady 20 per cent increase at the end of the year, and growth hormone sales are expected to be on a low base as companies return to normal business next year.
This year, 100 grams of organisms, the core of the company’s vaccine, have performed at a robust rate of growth in the vaccine against water pox and the new nostril flu vaccine, with 6.54 million live vaccines issued as of October of this year (+34.9 per cent), rapidly following process modifications;
Once the new nostril influenza vaccine is on the market, it shows a rapid growth trend, with a total of nearly 1.57 million issued by October, which is expected to be rapid in the current shortage of multi-field influenza virus fission vaccines.
In the long run, growth hormone penetration continues to increase, and the nose flu vaccine will share the dividends of an increased awareness of the influenza vaccine.
Core assets can contribute to stabilizing cash flows. Maintain a “buy-in” rating. The company is a domestic growth hormone leader, with a unique vaccine business, whose overall income and profits have grown steadily over the years, and which has stabilized with a weighting of roe for nearly a decade.
Risks, the risk of increased competition for growth hormones or vaccines.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.