Long Spring, High and New (000661); Rapid release of vaccine products, with performance in line with expectations 2,482 million yuan in operating income for the pharmaceutical biology season; 20.96 per cent increase in the same year; net return to the mother
950 million yuan, an increase of 84.91 per cent over the same period. The company's performance was in line with expectations. $4.249 billion (+16.35 per cent), net profits from the core subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, $1.989 billion (+32.98 per cent), and growth hormone q3 performance slightly decreased, prognostically.
This is due to the fact that during the summer school period, students are under strict school control, which affects the behaviour of the share price (the last year). As the epidemic stabilizes, the number of new infections is rising steadily.
In the previous three quarters, there were 6.54 million vaccinations, the city was in the first position, an increase of 34.92% over the same period last year. The number of people in the age group who received vaccinations through nose sprays was about $300.
Quarterly bulk issuance of the product amounted to 1.57 million and sales amounted to 600,000-7 million bottles, contributing about 180 million dollars in sales revenue to the company. During the reporting period, the subsidiary Huakang Pharmaceuticals achieved revenues of 629 million yuan (+0.45 per cent) and a net profit of 126 million yuan.
The company plans to divide the 100-gram vaccine company, the 100-gram vaccine, on the board of the project, which is now in the pipeline, and which is expected to expand the company’s financing and competitiveness.
The company's rabies vaccine is expected to resume next year, herpes vaccine has entered the ii bed, and collaborative research and development projects with companies such as the Ruizu Biology have progressed steadily. . . . ..for profit predictions: we predict that the company will become a parent by 2020-2022.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.