The Southwest Securities Research and Development Center has been enriched by the introduction of sulfuric acid with a bright pryrin.
Incidents: The company has reached an agreement with the Rhonda Biotech shares, and Taiwan has transferred to the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry its two-size Chinese interests in the products of the brimstone pryrin (including the development, promotion, marketing, transfer of technology, home-grown production of the product after the transfer of technology, and the supply of the product ' s global non-exclusive production).
The product is a 505(b)(2) variety developed by Taiwan and not yet listed in China. It is now listed in Europe and America. The Golden Race Medicines industry will be able to get a long-acting Pryrin for more than 10 years of this collaboration.
The exclusive commercialization of medicines in China (excluding Taiwan) and the exclusive production of domestic products. The former company’s heavy weight product in assisted reproduction is reorganisation of ovarians, which will be marketed in the future, will further enrich the company’s reproductive support line and enhance the competitiveness of its products.
Auxiliary reproductive space is vast, and the advantage of the sulfuric acid pryrin is significant. The sulfuric acid pryrin is based on the development of a new generation of in situ gel platform sif long-acting gels platform in Taiwan, which currently has a three-month-long delay in the release of products associated with the pryrin long-activating remission agent on the domestic market.
The relief period for the co-operative products of sulfuric acid is up to six months, with significant advantages. The market for assisted reproductive medicines, which is over 20 billion and growing by more than 15%, is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future, and the market space is wide. The market for sample hospitals was over $600 million in 2019.
Over $2 billion, the company’s products are expected to become a large variety in the future. Growth hormones, continued release of ovarians, and mass issuances of nose-spray influenza are rapidly increasing. Corporate staples are very large, long hormone markets are competitive, companies are highly competitive, and they are expected to remain fast in the long term.
The second-line varieties are in the rapid release phase and are expected to become a 1 billion-volume heavy-pound product with the approval of new adaptive conditions. The new product, the Nose Influenza vaccine, is the country’s first nosal infestation vaccine, which is easy to use, easy to immunize on a large scale, with significant differential advantages, and now has over 150 batches.
Ten thousand, and it is expected that the nasal influenza vaccine will contribute significantly to the company’s performance. Profit predictions and ratings. Core product growth hormones are growing fast, second-line products are being released faster, and core products continue to be released (2020-10-27)
Jianchun (000661): The gold race has been growing steadily and is expected to grow steadily throughout the year (2020-04-22) No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.