Shinjiyama's testimony, Changchun Kotsun (000661.sz)
Growth hormones continue to grow and vaccine rapid release is achieved Reason for the report: Three-quarterly reports, 3-quarterly reports issued by , and 639 million yuan in operating income was achieved by 2020q1-q3, a year-on-year increase
17.55 per cent; achieving a net return of $2.260 billion, an increase of 82.19 per cent over the same period; overall performance maintained a rapid growth rate and a slowdown in the q3 ring rate. Business income and net return profits of company q1-q3 increased by 17.55 per cent and 82.19 per cent respectively, while overall performance remained high.
The growth hormones continue to grow, and the vaccine is rapidly released. Molecular companies look at: (1) the gold-spill industry, which issued 6.1507 million vaccines in the first three quarters of its heart products, an increase of 26.82% over the previous three quarters, maintaining a continuous market share.
By the end of September, 1.5669 million copies had been issued, bringing new profit growth points for companies. In the future, 100 grams of biology will be on the market to further improve the company’s vaccine and overall market competitiveness: (3) the industry has achieved revenue of $421 million, a decrease of 2.32 per cent, and a net profit of $35 million, an increase of the same value.
28th floor of Trade Center, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, 28th floor of Middle Sea International Center, West City, Beijing.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. The domestic growth hormone market is vast, competitive, and the industry is still growing at a high rate, and the company is growing as a leader.
>Drug safety risks; industry policy risks; risk of underdevelopment, new coronary pneumonia epidemic attitude, and presentation of this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.