The led upgrade improves the Maori rate and waits for a review of the S.O.S. shares and the S.S.A. shares.
On 28 March, the company issued its 2018 annual report, which achieved gross operating income of $5.074 billion, an increase of 19.24 per cent over the reporting period; net profits of $610 million, an increase of 29.9 per cent over the reporting period, attributable to shareholders in listed companies; and a basic gain of $2.21 per share, an increase of 29.9 per cent over the same period, of which a net return of $171 million was achieved during the single quarter of the fourth quarter, an increase of 17.76 per cent over the same period.
Table 1: Corporate quarterly financial targets q4 have slowed down, but the Māori rate has increased significantly. The company achieved gross operating income of $5.074 billion, an increase of 19.24 per cent in the year in 2018; net profits of $610 million, an increase of 29.9 per cent in the year in the fourth quarter of the year, net returns of $171 million in the first quarter of the year in the same year.
This is a 17.76% increase, a 25.86% increase in four quarters, and a 5% increase in three quarters, exceeding our expectations. The main reasons, we believe, are, on the one hand, the higher price of the reed lights: on the other hand, the cost of raw materials as a share of business has fallen by almost 1 percentage point throughout the year.
Led lights are about $800 to $1,000 per lamp, about twice the price of the halogen lamps, and their penetration will increase significantly with the use of low-end cars in the range of $100,000 to $150,000. In the second half of 2018, a mass of t-roc, a new treasure, and a tour of honors will be released in 19 years, which will help to increase the company ' s supply of led packages; and in 2019, led.
The front lights are mostly fast, medium and low. Other brands have gradually loaded the front lights on medium and low-end vehicles, and the lead lights are about to enter the release period, which is expected to contribute to a significant increase in corporate performance.
The month has fallen, but sales are expected to pick up with the introduction of new cars. The company has a large number of expensive cars for the above-mentioned clients, including a pop-up public viewer, a searcher, Maiten and Steam; the autonomous brand has been able to get orders for blasted cars, such as Gilly New Diehu and Jiri; and the solar system has been able to obtain orders for cars, such as the Japanese-born squid, and the popular display.
\triangleright 's specific recommendations or views are directly or indirectly relevant. There is no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor is there any assurance that the information and recommendations contained will not occur.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.