Starwoo shares (601799): significant upward trend in beneficiary lights, showing a negative growth in performance of 19.24 per cent over the same period; operating profits of $718 million over the same period, 28.74 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to parent companies of $611 million over the same period.
• Q4 income growth decelerated by a year-on-year negative growth. q4 Division achieved $1.350 billion, an 8.15 per cent increase in the same year, generating the highest income in the single quarter, but a larger increase than in the third quarter.
The downside, which is expected to be related mainly to the weak overall performance of domestic passenger vehicle sales in the last quarter of the year, the company’s basics (update) are weak.
Carlight sales grew by 13.30% on a year-on-year basis, which is a key factor in the growth of revenue. The average price of the lighting product was $69.74, a 5.97% increase in volume, benefiting from an increase in the value of the company’s main client’s new model.
• Cost control is reasonable, with a significant increase in the Maori rate in the fourth quarter. In 2018, the company cost was 9.03 per cent, a 0.9 percentage point decrease compared to the previous period, largely due to the continuous increase in the rate of automation and management efficiency of the company.
In the fourth quarter of 18 years, the company ' s Māori ratio reached 25.9%, and we believe that the increase in the company ' s Māori ratio is mainly related to the start of the four-quarter run-up of high-value reed light products. At the same time, the cost of raw materials has also fallen.
• The stock of new projects and new technologies is abundant and the production and distribution of capacity steadily progresses. In 2018, the company took over 73 new projects, bringing the number of bulk-car lights to 102.
The company has made substantial progress in the development of new technologies, new products such as new pixel front lights, ndas smart front lights, lin/can controlled rgb climate lights have been developed successfully, automobile electrons and lighting have been developed.
Meanwhile, the company's Fushan plant was completed in phase I, which is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 1919, and the smart manufacturing industrial park in phase I, which will be completed in 2019.
• Companies will benefit in the long term from high-quality customer structures and the upward trend of lights. Corporate clients cover major domestic and international car-to-car manufacturing firms, including one
Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Toyota, Chiri, Car, Car, Volkswagen, Toyota, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Bosca, Germany, among others, one Volkswagen and one Toyota were the top two clients of the company.
The annual share of business is about 40% and 15%, respectively, benefiting from the impact of two new clients’ intensive roll-out of the new model and the roll-out of the light into the roll-out period, the performance of the Division has continued to grow at a high rate. We believe that the global volume of automobile sales has increased at a faster rate.
Against the backdrop of a slowdown, increased pressure on vehicle costs and an accelerated trend towards upgrading the lights, companies are expected to expand their new customers further with a high-quality customer structure and a rapid service response, with wide scope for future growth.
Given the quality of the company’s customer structure, the carlight industry has entered the led and smartest phase of accelerated application. At the same time, the company’s downstream customers have reached a full new product week, with high performance certainty. We maintain the company’s “carefully recommended” investment.
Weaknesses and sharp drops in the volume of automobile sales: (2) Central American trade frictions continue to escalate and the renminbi exchange rate fluctuates significantly; (3) new corporate customers open up and orders are not rapidly expected.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.