Heil Jijik (600690.sh/6690.hk) Wang Wei Chul, ice-washed dragons, wait for industrial policy to move forward.
The “old for new” policy of household electricity is noteworthy: at the fourth meeting of the Central Finance and Economic Commission on 23 February, it was proposed to encourage traditional consumer goods such as automobiles and home appliances to change old for old, to promote durable consumer goods to replace old for old, to maintain central fiscal and local government ties and to integrate support for the entire chain and to benefit consumption more.
We believe that this policy is worthy of attention: first, the policy of “old for new” is national in nature and proposes a central fiscal and local government alliance, which we believe to be different from the “old for new” and “home for home” that was encouraged in 2021-2023 in conditional areas, dominated by local subsidies.
Second, after a 10-year delay in the implementation of this round compared to the 2009 - 2011 large-scale household electricity consumption stimulus, the last large-scale purchase of durable consumer goods has entered the replacement period. We expect that the following policy will be implemented with a clear definition of the scope and subsidy scale.
The demand for domestic power replacement and the additional demand for domestic electricity generated by the easing of real estate policies will make it easier for households to consume, while the company's empty, ice, washing, etc., will be complete, the low end of high school will be full, and the ice and washing market will continue to be in the lead: According to the Ovi Clouds Network data, Heir's refrigerator was retailed in 2023.
The share of the market was 40.3 per cent/39.1 per cent (on/downline, same as below), while the share of the stock market was 11.6 per cent and 14.4 per cent respectively. The company ' s market for ice-washing products ranked first in the industry, and was significantly ahead of the industry ' s second largest, and the share of the market for air-conditioning products remained third in the industry.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation (a) Firm performance is more certain: Corporate performance is more certain by the requirement of the performance appraisal of the company ' s Stakeholder Scheme, which requires the deduction of the non-repatriation net share plan in 2022.
For 12x, 11x, and 10x. Corporate products are comprehensive, ice-washing markets are first and will be promoted in the follow-up. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. The investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.