High-end start-up leads to higher dividends for investors $16,597 million, or +12.81 per cent of the profit; net profit from deductions of $15,824 million, and net return to the mother, with Lo Chaiyang
The business plate is a little bit flowery, with strong growth in Europe and South Asia. \triangleright, based on the business panel, generated business income for 23 years for the company's refrigeration operations/cooking power.
Yoon Sung-dee, with 46,104 million yuan, +13.1 per cent, the world income of the intelligent building industry was +14 per cent, and the domestic revenue was over $5 billion: the aquaculture industry achieved business income of $15,336 million in 23 years, the same amount.
+8.5%, with domestic market revenues exceeding 12 billion yuan. By further breakdown, 23 years of high-end start-up strategies were identified in North America/Europe/South Asia/South-East Asia/Japan markets.
\triangleright has achieved a Māori rate of 31.51% in 23 years, compared to +0.18 pct,q4 Māori in 23 years.
Retail sales grew by 14 per cent, with more than $15,000 in refrigerators, 50 per cent in the country, more than $10,000 in washing machines, 84 per cent in clothing machines, and 28 per cent in air conditioners, more than $15,000. Three-wing bird scenery branding exceeded $5.1 billion and custom-made landing programmes exceeded 80,000, with a 60 per cent card ratio.
Heil Jijit: Acquisition of the Keeley commercial refrigeration business, 40% of which is in Satyr. Companies in overseas markets are also pursuing high-end card-making strategies, upgrading product structures, upgrading price indices, and the European market Heir refrigerator price index of 122.
The company has increased its market performance through digital change, R & D efficiency, cost competitiveness, and efficiency of CHOS. The value of digital retailing has increased by 22% over 23 years; the company has built integration.
The RD platform has achieved efficient synergies across the process and improved efficiency of the domestic market's single-type output.
19 per cent, increasing the generalization of materials, resulting in an 8 per cent reduction in material models; 4 per cent improvement in manufacturing rates and 16 per cent increase in per capita efficiency in 23 years in the company country; and 6.35 per cent net return profit achieved by the company in 23 years, compared with 0.31 pt, q4
The net operating cash flow has increased significantly, and stock levels have declined. \triangleright has strengthened the industrial base and promoted potential business development.
The competitive edge industries, such as water utilities, are also actively involved in potential industries such as air conditioning, cooking power, building technology, etc. The company's revenue from dishwashers grew by 25% over the year, the dryer became the industry top1, and the compressor joint venture is expected to start production in 24q1 to further complete the company's industrial chain.
Capacity; company proposed acquisition of commercial refrigeration operations under carrier to further expand the refrigeration industry boundary, with trade expected to be completed within 24 years. Risk factors: high volatility in raw material prices, less than expected recovery in consumer demand, shipping costs
Two-degree Master of Science & Management. Used to work in the development of commercial communications equipment in the tp-link hardware research and development sector. New wealth in 2017, third place at Choice in 2017, Golden Bull Award in 2017, Double Master of Crystalball Award in 2019, Bachelor of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, two-degree degree in Spanish.
A study of the household appliances industry covers, inter alia, white electricity, small household electricity, and parts and components. Part of the study is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.