The Sini San can be traced to the world's five grains (000858.sz) for reporting: performance forecast
The company achieved business income of 66.2 billion yuan in 2021, an increase of 15 per cent in the same year, and a net profit return of 23.35 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 17 per cent.
In addition, after P5 prices have been raised, the quantity of supplies in the areas that were the subject of previous shipments has been further reduced and controlled, and the scarcity of the eight-dip-five has been guaranteed by precision investment. This year’s sales drive is expected to increase by more than two digits, except in individual epidemic cities.
Continuous optimization of product systems and strengthening of channels. 1) Product matrix, further strengthening of the “1+3” product system (1 with the main brand at the core of eight generations; 3 with the cellar pool series of 501, with the classic year series and the text creation series); 2) three rounds of structural optimization
Driving: Two-wheel channels for the five grain fluids and the fragrance series; two-way data for the five grain masters and the cultural wine: 31 December 2020; two-wheeling channels for the eight grains and the classic fives.
A reasonable return to the value of the five grains is achieved through increased brand value and consumer development through overall market expansion, digestion of consumer opinion leaders and consumption formation. Net asset return: 24.94 per cent
The ability to produce doubled to ensure that the 2118 development goal was achieved. In 2021, the white industry was still out of capacity, with a long-term pattern of competition for squeezed growth. The white industry was still in the midst of a new cycle of growth characterized by structural prosperity, and high-end white wine would continue to lead to a structural increase in the industry.
Longer, industries are increasingly concentrated in niche brands, niches, and niches. We believe that P5 generation gains are expected to increase through improved precision management, thereby ensuring the development of P5;
Strategies such as the central food market and key markets at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, ensure overall scarcity: a series of wines will be installed in China China, 28 West and Peace Lixi Street, Beijing City.
Strategic direction, optimization of tactical action, restructuring of development structures, and continued substantial contribution to the establishment of the 7th floor of the International Centre, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
Packaging, alcohol storage capacity has more than doubled from the available capacity to ensure that companies achieve the development goal of 2118 (20 million tons of original alcohol production and 1 million tons of base alcohol storage capacity; 100 billion dollars in sales revenue; and 80 billion yuan in tax revenues).
In the short term, the year 2021 was a smooth drop-off. In the medium and long term, we believe that companies can ensure sustainable growth by continuously improving their branding systems, optimizing their channels, and strengthening their organizational safeguards.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.