Five grain fluids (000858.sz)
18 February ' s evening announcement group and stock company personnel adjustment: Lee was removed from the position of director and director of the company; was formerly secretary of the group party committee, chairman of the group committee, secretary of the stock company party committee, director of the board; Zou Tao no longer held the position of director, deputy director, general manager of the stock company, and was replaced as deputy secretary, general manager of the group party committee, Chiang Wen
The new management has entered the P5 group for a long time, right?
Companies and industries know better, and it is expected that the corporate strategy will continue. Last year, when the “1218” conference was co-convening, it was proposed to consolidate the core of the eighth-generation five-generation food fluids with a thousand dollar price, to push for a classic five-food break, to focus on branding, and to refine the channel model of the “1+n+2” and so on.
In recent times, corporate stock prices have been relatively weak, and we believe that the main concern is to focus on macroeconomic and vaccination pressures, and that the spring season has been characterized by low consumption. Based on market feedback, the spring 2022 season has become more competitive.
To concentrate on second-line and below brands, the head ladders are doing well as a whole. From the company’s perspective, the bulk of the cash returns are moving well, stock stocks are low and the delivery rate is stable, and the spring season is expected to show steady progress. Currently, the price of the P-5 runs from $960/bottle to around $970/bottle at the beginning of the month, and as the consumption of white wine progresses to a milder season.
We expect that corporate market measures will be implemented on a case-by-case basis, that internal and external management and enforcement efficiency will be further enhanced, and that since the second entrepreneurship, the company has gradually streamlined the product system and strengthened its access control, and that the reforms will be fruitful. We expect the new management to lead the company to achieve a super-high market based on the classic five-food fluids.
A smooth break in the institutional investor’s share of the circulation a, leading to further brand value enhancement. In terms of valuations, the former company was relatively undervalued, stock prices were in a reasonable allocation area, and future valuations could be repaired over time, and “buying” was maintained.
Pe is 32 times, 27 times and 24 times.