The new leadership strategy is clear, with an income target of US$ 100 billion for the end of the 14th century.
The announcement included Mr. Chin as Secretary, Chairman of the Group Party Committee, Secretary of the Equity Party Committee, Chairman of the Board of Directors; Mr. Zou Tao as General Manager of the Group and no longer as General Manager of the Share Company; and Mr. Jiang Wenger as General Manager of the Share Company.
Building cultural construction poles, 4; building digital five-food fluids; implementing digital marketing transformations; 5; upgrading governance water; and proposing “5111” development goals: 1) breaking into the world’s more than 500; 2) over 100 billion in liquor owners’ sales revenues; 3) over hundreds of billions in sales in diverse industries; and working to build product excellence, brand excellence, innovation leadership,
Governance of the world's top alcohol industry; development goal of 2118: 1) Original wine production can reach 200,000 tons, 2) Key alcohol storage capacity reaches 1 million tons, 3) sales revenue is over $100 billion, 4) Total profits
According to the company’s performance flash report, the company’s forecast for 2021 is about \triangleright, and the 14th Five-Five has come to a successful start. The white wine industry benefits from an upturn in demand-side consumption and a steady demand for high-end white wine.
Step-by-step growth, a thousand-dollar balance between supply and demand, five-food fluid brands leading, and according to feedback from the company's twenty-fifth “12-18” conference, the year 2021 saw a steady rise in the overall price of the five-food fluids, high end-to-market innovation, high-value competition, good taste, now about $970 for five batches, and the classic five-food fluids of the strategic products successfully imported into the market, taking place.
At a 2000-dollar price band, the company is expected to continue to benefit from a steady growth in the structural prosperity of high-end alcohol; this is the performance forecast for 2021 for the 2021 performance of the series of wine cleanings, clearing of total marketed brands, 509 products, all branded products, and 1.5 grain fluids (000858.sz).
80% shrink, with a sharper focus on self-employed brands, high-middle-priced brands, high-quality brands.
The year 2022 focused on sound, high-quality development.
(b) Reporting: performance is robustly anchored throughout the year, with long-term trends towards ensuring that the five grains are better than the industry average, and the momentum of growth ahead of the first ladder is strong;
The tactical considerations of the market order contribute to sustained robustness by dealing with prices, production and distribution, supply and demand, and the semi-annual review of the three-point grain fluids (000858) in 2021: Quality development; in 2022, the company will continue to control the price of the eight-day-five and increase profits in the classics.
Business performance is robust, product structure is clearly upgraded, and branding of the five grains continues to grow, and corporate performance is expected to continue to grow robustly. We believe that corporate performance is expected to grow robustly in 2022, with slower and more balanced growth in the season.
Investment proposals: the company's 14th Five-Year Executive Board, the new leadership strategy is clear, and a new round of 5.5 grain fluids (000858) for key performance figures for the year 2020 is being evaluated as having been sound throughout the year, and the 13th Five has been successful.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.