Five grain fluids (000858): price increases and product endings Five grain fluids incident: the company raised the recommended retail price of the eighth generation of five grain fluids from $1399 to $1,499 per bottle.
At this point in time, the recommended retail price for the 53-degree flight is equal. Iobin Five Grain Co. Ltd. is a combination of price increases and product structural upgrades in the liquor industry.
At the heart of the 2021 marketing strategy of the mega-nationals in the fields of smart manufacturing, food packaging, modern currents, financial investment, health industries, etc., i.e., steady performance through higher prices and higher product structure
There's a conglomerate. Its dominant product is the history of the five grains, and it's going to grow, and it's going to continue to raise the price of the ton, and it's going to push the price of the terminal up even further.
After the Spring Festival, the five grains raised the recommended retail price to $1499, which is still in the form of representatives and famous national brands, won the title “National Name Wine” on several occasions, and was first selected for coverage under the Central European Geographical Marks Agreement.
Continuing this line of thinking, it is expected that the price increases will continue, demonstrating the firm’s confidence and determination in the maintenance of the 1,000-bit band for the main products. From the product structure, the classic five-food fluids will continue to be laid on the 2000+-bit belt, and this year they will be able to increase their strength on the basis of better sales in the past year.
The product structure is expected to improve. In an environment of high consumption growth, the company’s main power position is stable at a rate of 1,000 yuan. The price belt is important for the firm’s long-term stability. In view of the firm’s current determination, this year’s wholesale price will be used to raise debt and cross-share ownership:
The company’s new management team is largely in place, and the new team is familiar with business. Follow-up on the five grains is expected to increase further, and a series of new reforms, including pay systems, improved management of channels, and improved operational efficiency, are expected.
Over the past five years, with the effects of anti-corruption and leadership changes, the market has concerns about future stabilization. With the gradual introduction of personnel adjustments, new marketing reform initiatives are or will be introduced, the implementation is expected to increase further, and companies can grow steadily over the long term.
Prominently, high-end markets have a strong competitive advantage, with companies accounting for 22 years of pe’s performance as the top brand. Consider the company’s ability to continue to gain market share in high-end wine lanes, as well as the release of brand power under high-end strategies, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Weixy @dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance & Prosperity
East Hing Securities reported a combination of price increases and product structural upgrades, with long-term steady development.
Monsso Wang Jie Ting flavour and leisure food.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.