Five grain fluids (000858): smooth withdrawal in 2021, steady growth in quarter  quarter , smooth withdrawal in 2021. According to the performance report, the company received $16,479 million in 2021q4 battalion, an increase of 11.1 per cent;
The net profit from the return to the mother was $6,023 million, or 11.4 per cent, and continued to be double-digit for the fourth quarter, with a smooth drop-out in 2021.
In 2022, the company’s five priorities were: 1) to maintain culture and services, and to increase consumer growth. In 2022, the company plans to build 10 new cultural sites and create opinion leaders.
2) maintain a balance between supply and demand, and continuously upgrade the market position of the five grains.
The 2,000 white wine markets, the strengthening of the classic five-food fluid market, the strengthening of the 1+2+n channel model, the use of scarce product resources from the classic five-food fluids, distribution funds 3), maintain the integration of personality with the market, and sustain the start-up of consumption in the new era.
Report of the five-food fluids (000858) incident evaluation: personnel adjustment, entering a new phase -- 2022-02-20 old wine series, serving as an old wine market.
Study on the Dynamics of the Five Grains (000858): Positive feedback from the 1218th General Assembly, Moving Forward pragmatically — 2021-12-194 — upholds the scale and value and continuously promotes the upgrading of the series of wines.
The liquid is guided by the “triple time” and the “three focuss” and is systematically implementing the “Strength national strategic brands, big regional priority brands, excellent master distribution brands” initiative, focusing on the creation of five food springs, five grains of ol, five grains of special tunes, and cutting edges.
Four new national strategic products (5) insist on sharing and building together, building on a five-point community of food and fluid destinies.
In 2022, the company will continue its marketing efforts and maintain its steady progress.
In general terms, maintain the focus on the alcohol industry as a major player, continue to push for new and innovative transformations, further advance the long-term approach to short-boarding and long-term work, and set up a new round of high-quality development. Stick to high-quality upgrading and accelerate the construction of new manufacturers.
In the future, companies will have four main perspectives: first, the main brand of “1+3” product systems will remain the same.
Continue to advance the established strategy to boost the classic five-food fluid development. Secondly, on the channel side, continue to promote the channel of group purchasing, the company took the initiative to open a canal in 2020, and the target was 30% in 2021. Third, on the liquor series, the focus is on resources.
Four national strategic brands, namely, Point House, Five Feathers, Five Feathers, and Five Feathers, have managed to sell more than $20 billion during the 1450s: Top Point Targets 10 billion, Five Feathers and Five Feathers Targets 5 billion, and Five Feathers Targets 2 billion.
The price of the front poo station has been steady at over $2,500, the price of the five grains has been stable at $1,000 in 2022, and it is not a problem, and it is expected to continue to increase at full cost and be more certain of its performance.
Reforms and improvements have been made, with significant results, and market recognition is high. The current valuation is macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic drags consumption, the classic five-food fluids are growing less than expected, lot prices are not rising as expected, and group purchases are not growing as expected.
Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, comprehensive coverage of food and beverage industry, clustering, in-depth study of white wine industry, etc.
Short-term potential shares; thinking about the white wine plate, with deep market thinking and insight into the Su wine. What is it: Sandong University, LL.B., University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with two masters in law and economics.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.