Five grains fluids (000858): new management group appearances, active parties, committee secretary, director from Chin, deputy secretary, vice-chairman, chief executive, vice-chairman, vice-chairman, vice-chairman, vice-chairman,
Deputy Managing Directors Rowe, Chiang Lin, Yusong, Liu Yang, Chief Engineer Zhao Dong, Chief Economist Jiang Jia, and other management leaders attended the meeting.
In 2022, the company will continue to fill the board, stretch the board, upgrade the new dynamic, and build a five-dimensional, sound and high-quality development package of “ecological, quality, culture, word, sun”.
During the 14th Five-Year Period, the company advanced its development strategy of “focusing on major industries, focusing on diversity, making a big platform”, and the group achieved the development goal of “5111”: 1) breaking into the world by over 500; 2) over 100 billion dollars in liquor sales; 3) trading in diversified industries.
Over hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue; efforts to build product excellence, brand excellence, innovation leadership, and governance of the world’s modern world’s leading alcohol companies. Shareholding companies achieve the “2118” development goal: 1) original alcohol production can reach 200,000.
• Actively responding to market concerns, companies communicate in good faith and effectively.
In 2022, the corporate goal was to maintain a steady growth of more than two digits, and the stock company followed the five grain fluids (000858) incident evaluation report: personnel adjustments maintained a higher rate of growth than the group, which would effectively maintain the current “stable” pattern.
The push for a less balanced season has been actively promoted by the push for over-exceeding the five-food fluid dynamic study: General Assembly resolution 1218, on how to plan profit margins after the five-food fluid price increases?
The company has undertaken the following three main initiatives: first, it relies on a digital marketing system that refines and completes the precise management and delivery of channels, with high quality and stability, and optimizes the delivery of channels. The action is to further reduce and control past developments.
The quantity of goods supplied by problem areas, problem dealers, problem stores, problem terminals, through precision placement, ensures the scarcity of eight generations of traditional distributors, specialized stores and stores on the basis of high sales in 2021.
During the spring season, the prices of new retailer, electric powerer, supermarket chain suppliers were higher than the traditional channels by $50, selling more than the traditional channels by $80-100, and the channel base profit.
Third, cultural products become new profit growth points. This year, they will be launched, and they will continue to be twigs, steps and sails.
We believe that the company’s current low stock prices are due to corporate approval.
The upward pressure on prices, which has yet to rise to the $1,000 price band, raises concerns in the market about the company's failure to perform, and the companies actively regulate the profit margin of the channel to benefit from the subsequent batches of the classic five grains of 2022?
The company will continue to maintain the classic five-food fluids price increase, which will be between $200 and $1599 in 2022 compared to last year, and will align product progress with tighter market price volatility, which ensures scarcity, and a fall in market prices, which will be fully reflected in the acquisition process.
In 2022, three major initiatives were taken: first, to optimize the distribution system and the quota system. It was not easy to exploit distributor customers on the basis of a selection of 200 traditional outlets; and, in 2022, to achieve a graded quota system.
There are currently three classes of existing businesses, each holding a monthly ration of scarce amounts, which ensures overall scarcity. Secondly, it is clear that the centre of the classic five grains and the main markets are in place. The company builds five central highland cities in the north.
The Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-
With the exception of the original 120 traditional distributors and special stores, the central city and the capital city of the capital city of the capital city of the capital city of the capital city of the capital city of the capital city, the acquisition is dominated by a group of companies with the objective of entering into strategic cooperation with the company and with the enterprises and enterprises belonging to the 500-strong Chinese company and the companies listed on the master board.
Businesses, national organizations of more influential associations, and local city leaders are working on direct marketing networks. We believe that the classic five-food fluids, after last year's touch and try, are learning from experience and lessons, and focus on resources to build classic five.
Food fluids, which are expected to be released further in the future.3 Management division of labour and incentives are currently in charge of sales, general manager production, active and efficient management of shares.
Corporate governance systems, with a clear division of labour. Companies hold weekly marketing morning meetings, production reconciliation meetings, real-time problem solving, rapid response and enforcement. Companies are currently promoting pay reform and equity incentive programmes, medium- and long-term incentives, tied up.
Management, core teams, core cadres, etc. We believe that companies are currently fine-working, reacting and implementing more rapidly, that prior employee holdings have been put in place, and that subsequent equity incentives and pay reforms will boost the energy release of the company.
In 2022, the company set up a strategy to raise the volume, bring back the value and price, and the final price rises, creating a virtuous cycle of interaction. We believe that if the value balance of the company is accurate in 2022, it will be possible to reach the end of the autumn of 2022.
In 2021, the company insisted on three strategies of focus, national branding, regional focus branding, marketing brands of excellence, and two-wheel drive sales of promotions and refunds.
In 2022, companies will push for model markets and sales. Sales revenues will continue to grow by more than two digits, trying to build more than 430,000 endpoints.
Of these, more than 90,000 are the core terminals. Product planning: focusing on five food springs (location of 300-400 yuan, sub-high-level location, magnanimous waist, 788 yuan known as Menchun, focused feasts, gifted wine consumption scenes, etc.)
High- and middle-end consumers), five cedars (positioning 100-300 dollars, focus dinners, self-drinking consumption scenes, middle-end consumers), specials (400-600 dollars, focus banquets, business group purchases and sub-high-end consumers), cutting edges (100-bit belts).
Price planning: changing the cost of accurately reflecting supply and demand, increasing prices, pushing prices.
We believe that the company has been very successful in recent years with a series of wines, and that the channels and the end-points have been very helpful in the company's series of wines, and that the four products of the series are expected to be picked up during the 1455s.
We believe that the company has taken a number of steps in recent years to reform and improve brands, products, prices, channels, etc., with significant results and a high degree of market recognition. We believe that by holding online communication meetings, the new leadership has come together to respond to questions and questions.
In good faith, communicate with investors, respond positively to market concerns, contribute to raising market concerns, and address current market concerns. The current corporate valuation is undervalued, followed by macroeconomic downside risks, disease-delayed consumption, and classic five-food fluids are not growing as fast as they can.
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.