Five-food fluids (000858) food beverages successfully met year-round targets, and the marginality of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center is a good thing to look forward to.
Events: The company released its 2021 major performance data bulletin, which is expected to collect 66.2 billion yuan in 2021, with steady growth sustained in the fourth quarter. 1, in the background of macroeconomic pressure and outbreak of the epidemic, the company plans rational & growth self-confidence, showing strategic fixation and growth resilience, with an eight-dip5 price.
q4 battalion both registered an increase of around 11 per cent over the same period, with a more or less equal rate of growth than single q3 and a continuation of growth in double digits
To promote the promotion and marketing of the super-high-end classic five-food fluid brand, to assist channel distributors in forming “visit teams” to steadily improve end quality, branding and channel building have made new breakthroughs. “The opportunity is greater than the challenge,” and to define the 2022 development thinking, and to increase corporate competition across the board.
Power. In 2022, the company insisted on consolidating the core position of the eight-generation K$5 price belt, strengthening the market development of the classic five-food fluids, increasing the market share of the low five-food fluids, focusing on four core monoliths, promoting brand value and double size of the series; and stabilizing traditional high-quality markets in 2022, expanding the highlands.
Markets, priority markets, weak markets, further improvement of market layout, expansion of band buying channels; 3. Corporate ownership of sharing and co-building, creation of the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F4-Five-Five-F4-Five-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-
People's boots are on the ground and the King's spirits are on their way. 1. At the end of the current management adjustment, the new company leads a long-term career in the five grains system, there is greater coherence in market policy formulation and implementation, and the new management leads the company to a new cycle of development; 2. The current macroeconomic weight is clear, with a multi-dollar competition.
In the medium and long term, however, China’s economy has grown steadily, with a constant expansion of 1,000 yuan in value terms over the long term, and with the strong position of the five grains and the thousand dollar in value positions, the new management has led the company into a new development cycle, and the marginal reforms have continued to improve.
M$, equivalent to 27 times, 23 times, and 19 times, respectively, and with the current management adjustments completed, the company is moving forward with five grains of liquid (000858): year-round goal achieved in a secure year with robust growth savings (2021-10-31)
3. Five grain fluids (000858): Secondary entrepreneurship has borne fruit, and once again the great Xiang has sailed (2021-08-02) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for any of the specific recommendations or observations made in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.