The 14th Five-Five has been a steady year, and the new leadership is back on board. \triangleright \triangleright \
The white wine industry has benefited from rising demand-side consumption, high-end alcohol demand \triangleright has grown steadily, thousands of prices have been balanced, five grains have been branded first, according to the company’s twenty-fifth term.
“12.18” General Assembly feedback that in 2021, the total value of the five grain fluids increased steadily, end-starting and re-innovation was high, price relationships were good, prices were now about $970 for five batches, and the strategic product classic five food fluids were successfully imported into the market, with a 2,000-dollar price belt, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from a stable structural boom in high-end alcohol.
Growth; in 2021, seven brands, 509 products and all brand products were reduced by 80%, with a sharper focus on self-employed, medium- and high-value brands and high-quality brands.
On the evening of 18 February 2022, the company announced that Mr. \triangleright had served as secretary, director, secretary of the stock party, director of the group; and Mr. Zou Tao as chairman of the group.
General Manager, no longer General Manager of the stock company; and Mr. Chiang Wenger, General Manager of the stock company. We believe that the completion of the restructuring of the company ' s personnel will help to drive firm market sales to a steady pace, and corporate governance is expected to prevail and to start a new leadership cycle.
In 2022, focus on five major marketing priorities. 1) Continue to increase consumer growth. The company will accelerate the construction of the \triangleright five-food fluid cultural experience hall and plan to open 10 new cultural sites next year;
Focus on the eighth generation of five-generation, classic five-food fluids, and increase advocacy efforts; continue to undertake customized development 1. Three-quarterly reviews of the five-food fluids (000858) in the private sector; 2) continue to upgrade the market position of the five-food fluids. The overall supply of the five-food fluids is tight, and the resource is scarce.
Reporting: A robust year-round anchoring of performance, long-term trend downwards, companies will continue to consolidate the eighth-generation five-generation dry-subsistence prices with large single items, with 2,000 yuan + white wine markets, and will continue to upgrade the market position of the classic five grains by optimizing the channel model of “1+n+2”; and) will continue to improve the market position of the classic five grains by improving the channel model of “1+n+2”;
The company will work hard to develop culturally tailored products, foster low-volume consumer markets, match good business performance and significantly upgrade product structures.
New trends in consumption in the new generation and the launch of the old wine series; 4) continued promotion of the upgrading of the wine series.
Total distribution brand as a synergizing complement, optimizing the value of volume, promoting the brand value of a series of wine brands, market size, and 4.5 grain fluids (000858) for the main performance figures for 2020
"Community of Destiny." The company will speed up the transition from "management" to "enabling" and "service" teams.
Investment proposals: The company’s 14th Five-Year Starter has a solid year-round, the product’s current dominance is secure, and \triangleright’s personnel adjustment is expected to launch a new cycle of leadership.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.