The five-food fluids grew steadily in 21 years, re-emerged in 22 years, rising by 17 per cent over the same period, largely because of the continued growth in the prices of the company's core products. Performance was in line with our expectations.
Main performance data bulletins for 2021. (1) The 21-year harvest rate of the five-food fluids is lower than that of the listed companies. Unlike the sub-high end and the middle end of the bottle, due to the low impact of the disease in 2020, the table of the five-food fluids was not up in 2021.
In a different perspective, the two-year compound increase in White Wine income of 1-3q21, a 16 per cent increase in five grain fluids, ranking 4th, is not so bad. (2) Five years ago, the food and wines kept up the market, and the share of the group had increased compared to the classic five grains.
The end-point performance is a steady increase in the price of the P5 and the actual requirements for the four seasons, which are significantly weaker than the past two years, with 21 years of predominantly volume-based consumption of historical stocks. (3) Channel capacity continues to increase. According to the Distributors Assembly, the P5 is new for 21 years.
5,300 high-quality terminals, optimized 1,600 low-quality terminals, joined by distributors to visit nearly 30,000 firms, and nearly 70% of enterprises acquired by groups. (4) 3q21 and 4q21 incomes, respectively, increased by a new senior management team, which will be light-loaded and re-energized in 22 years. (1) Company February/March 22
A number of staff announcements have been issued, and the new executive team has been formed. With the stability of the staff, five grain fluids will begin a new journey. (2) The capacity of the channel has been continuously upgraded over the past few years, the company team has completed the transition to the end, the staff has continued to expand and the strength of the force has increased, and in the long run we will judge the acquisition of the team.
The comparison will move closer to traditional channels. (3) The classic five-food fluids are expected to become strategic monoliths. They are still in the price exploration phase, and, as consumer awareness increases, the classic five-food fluids are expected to find the right price balance between Pou and Poo-V.
There are more differences in liquids, including end-marketing, teamwork, etc., and quarterly performance is expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.