Five grain fluids (000858): personnel adjustment, entry into the new ranks
In the spirit of the letter of appointment and dismissal (No. [2022]6), the Board of Directors nominated the Board of Directors, and independent opinion was expressed, choosing Mr. Jiang Wenger, the Director of the Corporation, as Vice-Chairman and appointed his general manager.
▪ The company has entered a new phase of personnel adjustment, and in accordance with the Eibin City Commission's Order on Personnel Adjustment, the former Chairman of the Board of Directors, Lee Jong-gwang, resigned from the post of Director of the Department and the relevant special committee attached to the Board of Directors, and Zou Tao resigned from the post of the company's director.
Appointed from Chin as Secretary of the Group Party Committee, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Secretary of the Group Company Committee; Zou Tao as Deputy Secretary and General Manager of the Group Company Committee; Chiang Wenger as Deputy Secretary, Deputy Chairman, General Secretary of the Equity Company Committee
Since September 2019, Mr. Chin has served as Deputy Secretary, Director, General Manager and Deputy Secretary, Director and Chairman of the Party Committee of the Group Company.
▪ Five priorities in 2022, leading to a branded product channel.
2) maintain a balance between supply and demand, and continuously upgrade the market position of the five grains.
The 2,000 white wine markets, the strengthening of the classic five-food fluid market, the strengthening of the 1+2+n channel model, the use of scarce product resources from the classic five-food fluids, distribution funds 3), maintain the integration of personality with the market, and sustain the start-up of consumption in the new era.
The old wine series, for example. Stable market advantage, low 4), which is consistent with size and value, continues to drive the upgrading of the wine series. The five-food fluids are guided by the Trinity and the Three Focuses, and the system delivers "Better."
National strategic brands, large regional priority brands, and excellent overall distribution brands” are specific initiatives that focus on the creation of four new strategic products across the country: five food springs, five grains of ol, five grains of ol, and four new strategic products.
5) Accompaniment of sharing and co-building, and continued consolidation of the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F4-Five-F4-F4-F4-F4-Five-Five-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-Five-F4-F4-Five-Five-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-Five-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F4-F
In 2022, the company will continue to do its marketing work, stay steady, stay steady, stay focused, stay focused on the alcohol industry, stay strong and drive transformational change.
A new leap forwards in the long-term approach to short-boarding, long-term, and a new round of high-quality development. Keeping high-quality upgrades at its core, accelerating the construction of new vendor relationships, enhancing supply chain stability, channel transformation, market expectations, and ensuring full implementation.
In the future, the company will have four main perspectives: first, the main brand of the “1+3” product system will remain unchanged, and the strategy will continue to be pursued to promote the classic five grains.
In terms of channels, the company has taken the initiative in 2020 to open up a canal, targeting 30% in 2021. Thirdly, in terms of wine series, the focus is on cutting edges, five grains of alcohol, five grain springs, and four national strategic brands for the five grains.
During the 1450s, the sales were over $20 billion: the point of 10 billion dollars, five dollars, the target of 5 billion dollars for ethanol and 5 billion dollars for edibles, and two billion dollars for twigs. Fourth, when the price of the front mat was steadily over 2,500 dollars, the price of the twig was stable in 2022.
Prices are not problematic, and it is hoped that they will continue to rise at full prices and be more certain of their performance. We believe that companies have taken a number of steps in recent years to reform and improve brands, products, prices, channels, etc., with significant results and higher market recognition.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, disease-delayed consumption, lower than expected growth in classic five-food fluids, less than expected price increases, less than expected increase in group purchasing, etc.
Sun Shanshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The first year of food and beverage sellers’ research experience, covering white wine, spices, etc., reflects my research views. I did not, and will not be, pushed into this report because I didn't.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.