Over the past 10 years, the price of a 50% discount has not been innovative, and the trend towards an increase in the price of white wine has led to a five-food discount on the five-food fluid (000858).
Higher, faster sales, lower stocks. Before the 3-m3 consumption restrictions, the white wine industry had reached a price peak in 2012, and for a decade now, except for Mao's ability to break through the industry's price ceiling with his own powerful brand power, none of the other products had made a significant breakthrough.
It's an invisible wall that separates the kiosks from the values of other famous wines. But the logic of rising consumption in the white wine industry remains constant at the moment of the Second Consumer Age and the Third Consumer Age, even more so at the height of the soy sauce.
The top five grain fluids, which are branded at a much higher price, even when affected by the epidemic, demand for high-end white wine is more rigid, with a strong willingness to replenish after the spring of 2022 and the current low level of pipeline stock.
Over the next 10 years, it is almost impossible to have a deeply nationalized, independent branding product with a five-digit level, with a lot of problem patterns, and a 20-25-fold value for sustained growth. High-end white wine is a core competitive brand, with a single 40-billion-grade nationalized product at a price of $1,000.
In the short term, the emergence and performance of Mao Dai has shaken the market’s confidence in the five grains, but I'm afraid that I'm going to be able to do it.
They argue that markets tend to disproportionately magnify noise and create anxiety, and if they return to rational analysis, the actual sales performance and continued growth of P5 are worth 20 to 25 times higher than the current valuation, which has now created an over-deep opportunity for value repair.
In the short term, the price of the P5 is $969; in 2022, the price of the P5 is more than $1,000, and when the market carries negative information about the P5 is capable of breaking down negative perceptions. In 2022, the company raised the P5 out price to $1089 per bottle and solidified the plan.
The extra quota ratio, which substantially raised P5 prices to $969 per bottle, we expect the distribution division to be determined in 2022, to enforce it even if the dealer complains in a short time, and we send P5 fluids (000858.sz):
Slow channels, high-quality completion throughout the year, can lead to changes, improved channel regulation and market inventory, and improved market expectations. We believe that the thickness of the food fluid brands gives new teams the bottom line for breaking negative market perceptions, and that the new teams need to do the same.
Five grain fluids (000858.sz): High quality to obtain market recognition through the first report card, or to seek reforms in due course. Five grain fluids (000858.sz).
Sex and self-confidence, consolidation of a thousand dollar price belt,
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing City, has been planning a study on the evaluation of real estate tax bases in Shenzhen City by the National Social Fund, focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
One unit, which has in-depth research and follow-up on sections such as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., focuses on valuation and marginal thinking. The components are not, are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.