On 9 March, the company issued a performance announcement for 2021, bringing in about $66.2 billion throughout the 21-year period.
About 15 per cent increase; the net return to the mother is about $23.35 billion, or 17 per cent increase. 21 performances are expected and 22 light-loaded flexibility is available. According to the company announcement, in 21 years of collection/repatriation products, 1) P5 end sales have been restored, with 21 years of discrepancy with the end of the statement being due for the pre-release period.
In 22 years, the company adjusted P5 and was disturbed by the epidemic, but the pipeline stock under the distillery was still at about 1 to 1.5 months of benign levels. 2) Classic five food fluids were imported in 21 years and product structures were gradually optimized. The price of the batch is currently stable at $1,800.
The hard-core basis of the 21q3 pipeline, with an emphasis on the long-term high quality of the “balance of supply and demand”, will make the light-loading of the array more flexible, and P5 will be expected to have a steady price base of $1,000 in the year under the pipeline profit claim.
Internal and external reconciliation is expected to work together, and medium- and long-term performance will be released. We believe that companies are continuously improving from products, channels, and internal management: 1) at the end of the product, and the firm is aiming to consolidate P5. 4. " Performance meets expectations, double-digit growth can be achieved throughout the year.
At the metro-price level, the market’s core location, the introduction of the classic Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Year Bulletin and a quarterly review, is expected to give rise to a new, large-scale monolith. 2) At the end of the channel, the company set up the Commissary in 21
The consumer climate for high-end products is created; companies will optimize the distributioner’s system of indicators, considering the multi-dimensional contribution of marketing, money-raising, consumer development, and so on. The changes in corporate management are now in place, and we look forward to the continuous release of business continuity.
Considering the impact of the epidemic + steady economic growth, and with the arrival of the new management, it is expected that the canal will be strengthened by measures such as controls.
Macroeconomic downside risks, recurring risks of epidemics, increased competition in regional markets, and food safety issues.