The reform programme is clear, marginal improvements are deep in the i.e., five-food fluids (000858.sz) and corporate branding barriers, and management changes bring positive changes to maintain the “buy-in” rating
On 11 March, the Investor Communication Exchange 2022 was held on-line with the company secretary and director of the company ' s party committee from Chin and other management leaders, leading optimism with investors and representatives of coupons about corporate objectives, and the stock company sought to achieve a double-digit compound growth during the 1455 period.
During the 1450s, the group level pursued a steady and steady drive to earn more than $100 billion from the liquor industry and more than $100 billion from the distant industry. Share company sales revenue exceeded $100 billion, with a total profit tax of $80 billion. The group will continue to grow in double digits in the future, and share companies will continue to grow faster than the group. The company’s guidance is optimistic.
The company is actively and effectively streamlining the management system of the stock company. In addition, the company is providing medium- and long-term incentives.
• Systematic planning of eight-generation channels and structures for the release of liquid grains, focusing on improving the profit margins of distributors, through deep reforms, full mobilization of the management, motivation of the workforce and the provision of endogenous security for the long-term development of the company.
First, to reduce and optimize the amount of investment from traditional channels, and to reflect the scarcity of products through precision delivery. Second, to increase the number of new retailing, power-marketing systems, to expand direct distribution channels for enterprises and to safeguard the effectiveness of the delivery.
The classic Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Four-F4-F4-F4-F4-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3-F3
Keeping up with double-digit growth. Corporate reform programmes are clear, and the positive effects are expected in the second quarter.