“Cars + machines \triangleright 906% growth, with 240,000 delivery systems and rapid city increase; 3) heat management nuclear
The strategic layout of internationalization has been further accelerated. Platform-type tier 0.5 means global engine taps. Clients+: strategic binding of Tesla and new driving forces.
The company has now established firm partnerships with international and national innovation firms and major traditional garages, and has responded to the changes in industry's electric intelligence. The company is actively working with the leading new drivers of car creation, such as rivian, pelican, ideal, and Biadiselis, to explore a mode of collaboration of tier 0.5 and to provide full access to customers.
The international strategy is accelerating. Product +: eight product lines, building platform-based businesses. The company’s innovative 0.5-level business model continues to grow rapidly, with the value of one-car packages for head smart electric companies increasing and now owning eight series of products with a value of $30,000.
2. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series IX: Acquisition of the active deployment of a robot with a smart star.
One of the robotic straight-line executives and spin-over executives developed by the company has sent samples to its clients on several occasions, and has received their approval and appreciation. On 4 January 2024, the company announced its intention to invest $5 billion (of which $3 billion in fixed assets) and to plan a 300-acre production base project for robotic power-drive systems.
A system production line with an annual capacity of 300,000 power-drive executors has been set in motion, and the new production capacity has been designed. Investment proposals: a company, with its industry-led client outreach and product extension capabilities, is expected to emerge as a champion of autonomous parts and components in the light of changes in electric intelligence; and the current robotic production capacity is gradually being built and is expected to become a new business leader.
5. Tupou Group (601689.sh) series VI: Tier \triangleright studies methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and take responsibility for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.