Teslaoptimus Accelerating Production, International Tier1 Global Layout: Recently, at Tesla's first quarter finance conference, Musk suggested that the United States should lower its tariffs and express confidence in human robots to produce millions of optimus per year by 2030.
Teslaoptimus's accelerated output benefits from a core supplier. The Topper Group cuts into robotic power-drive systems and other related products, based on the technological capabilities accumulated in the smart brakes ibs project, including software, power control, drive, power generators, speed-reducing institutions, sensors, etc.
The company's robotic power-driven system is highly recognized by its clients, and its two power-driven production lines were officially launched in January 2024, with an annual capacity of 300,000 power-driven executors.
Motion planning design, the company has started construction of the power-drive executor second plant. Robot operations, by reintroducing technological advantages in the area of automobiles, inject artificial intelligence, big data and high-end manufacturing capabilities into human machines.
Long, the company's thermal management module is centred on self-research of high-precision electronic expansion valves, which achieves a platform design with global mass delivery, laying industry markers; the closed air hangar system is fast-up after delivery, with over 240,000 deliveries per year, breaking the foreign monopoly. The synergies between the three operations are significant.
Gross equity/flow (billion shares) Robots powered to create new growth poles, heat management + air overhang to build technical barriers, driving company total market value/flow (billions)
Based on the strategic layout of “China + Overseas Two Bases,” the Tupou Group effectively hedges single-market policy risks through a global network of factories, with a view to creating a global market-wide market-based risk-sharing strategy.
The company has set up more than 70 manufacturing bases in nine countries, including the United States, Mexico, Poland, and has accelerated the deployment of accessories, heat management systems and other production lines at the Monterey base in Mexico.
The company recently plans to invest $300 million in a vehicle spare parts base in Thailand.
< < < International Tier1 Growth Path to Critical Surprise > > - - 2024-07-29 Targeting South-East Asia Geo-Governance and China ' s Opportunities to Outboard the Sea through Internationalization Strategies. > - 2024-07-29
The current tariff-cost optimization and the flexible circumvention of regional barriers to trade have led to the formation of a dual moat in global competition that responds quickly to customers’ + structural cost advantages. Investment advice: Tesraoptimus accelerated output, international Tier1 global layout.
With the technological capabilities accumulated in the Smart Brakes ibs project, including software, power control, power drive, power generators, slow-down agencies, sensors, etc., the company cuts into robotic power-driven systems and other related products. The business will build a new growth pole for the Top Group, accelerating the height of smart cars and robotic components.
Teslaoptimus accelerated production, international Tier1 global layout, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 Python Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as " My Company" or "Pacific Securities") is qualified in portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC).
If you are not a signatory of Pacific securities, cancel receiving, subscription, or using any of the information in this report; Pacific securities will not be considered a customer of Pacific securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media. In any event, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in it do not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should be free to make investment decisions and to make their own investment decisions.
I do not take responsibility for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.