Event: company ' s disclosure of 1-quarter report 2025: $5.77 billion in revenue from 2025q1, compared to +1.4 per cent/ \triangleright \triangleright
Looking forward to a gradual recovery in the sales of priority clients of companies, the continued strengthening of the advantages of the core business of heat management, the start of power-driven systems, the delivery of products, and the acceleration of the internationalization of the strategic layout, with short-term pressure not changing to long-term sustained growth.
The platform ' s tier 0.5 sword means the global engine. Client +: Strategic binding of Tesla and the new power of car-making, marching into the global supply system. The company has now established solid partnerships with international, domestic and innovative car companies and major traditional garages, and has responded to changes in industry ' s electric intelligence, with active engagement with rivian, pelican, ideal, comparison.
The international strategy is accelerating. Product +: eight product lines, building platform-based businesses. The company's innovative 0.5-scale business model continues to grow rapidly, targeting head-level smart electric power.
The vehicle company's bicycles are growing in value and now have eight series of products with a value of $30,000. Actively deployed robots are equipped with smart stars. Sport executors are the core components of Tesla robots. \triangleright
One of the robotic straight-line and rotation executives developed by the company has sent samples to its clients on several occasions and has been evaluated in the series of 3.Top Group (601689.sh): Acquisition of 10,000 electric power-drive executors; announcement of 15 April 2025 to invest up to $300 million in the construction of gas in Thailand
A vehicle spare parts production base, expanding global capacity. Investment advice: companies are expected to use their industry's leading client outreach and product extension capabilities to \triangleright
To rise to the stage of autonomous parts and components under change; the current robotic capacity is gradually being built and it is hoped that the new business leader \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic will lead to findings, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.