Teslaoptimus production, robotic power-drive speeders, joints, body formations: company reports 2024 & 1 Quarterly 2025, company total net profit deductions of $2.728 billion in 2024, 35.00% of total operating income.
The motor electronics business is growing at a high rate. The company q4 has achieved revenue of $7,248 million in the first quarter, or +30.63 per cent; the mother ' s net profit of $767 million, or +38.47 per cent.
Corporate research and development costs have continued to grow, reaching $1,224 million in 2024. This year, q1, as a result of short-term declines in sales by large clients, performance has been temporarily constrained.
Nine major product lines drive the growth of the international company tier1. While developing smart electric cars, the company focuses on and expands on the ninth major product line, the robotic industry chain key product and core technology.
High-precision electron expansion valves at the core, platform design and global mass production delivery, industry pole status: closed air hangar systems rapidly climb up after delivery, delivering out of 240,000 total equity/flow (billion shares) during the year
The synergies between the three major operations are evident, with robotic power creating new growth poles, the highest/lowest price in 12 months, heat management + building technical barriers to air overhangs, driving firms to accelerate growth at International Tier1.
Teslaoptimus's accelerated output benefits from a core supplier. The company cuts into robotic power-drive systems and other related products with the technical capabilities accumulated in the intelligent ibs project, including software, power control, drivers, power generators, speed-reducing institutions, sensors, etc.
To build a new growth pole for the Top Group, creating a dual-industry development model for smart cars plus robotic components. < Teslaoptimus accelerated production, international firm robotic power-driven systems highly recognized by clients, 2 company-driven production lines at 2024. ]
In January of that year, it was officially launched, with an annual capacity of 300,000 power-drive executors. The new production capacity has also started the design of an international tier1-growth scheme for < Chinese parts and components > , and the company has started the construction of the power-drive executor second plant.
Roads - 2024-09-03 is well under way, upgraded on a demand-driven basis, and bulk delivery begins.
In addition, the company has been active in setting up robotic body structures, sensors, foot breakers >--2024-07-29 shock absorbers, electronic soft skin, etc., which further shapes the platformed product layout of robotic operations.
The company’s internationalization strategy has accelerated. North America’s thermal management, chassis, earthquake mitigation plants, and interior factories are all under way, and phase two is progressing in an orderly fashion.
The company is actively setting up the South-East Asian market, and planning and building of the Thai production base is accelerating. The company’s fast-tracking of accessories, heat management systems, etc., at its base in Monterrey, Mexico, meets customers’ needs, such as Tesla, through localization of North America’s supply chain, effectively circumventing American car parts and spare parts for China.
Investment proposals: Teslaoptimus production, robotic power-drive acceleration of smart hands, joints, and body formations. The Topu robot power-drive project is well under way, upgraded on demand, starting to deliver bulk.
The robotic body structure, sensors, foot absorbers, electro-soft skins, etc., further shapes the platformed product layout of machine operations. Smart car plus robotics are growing fast. The company Tesraoptimus is expected to produce mass, robotic power-drive hands, joints, body formations.
37.89/47.10.5589 million yuan, ps $2.18/2.71/3.22, per cent Teslaoptimus, robotic power-driven accelerators, joints, body formations, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report