The Topper Group (601689) company review report, the car-end innovation, the fast-tracking of robotic operations, the Topper Group (601689) company review report.
Projects such as air suspensions, smart cabins, wire control shifts, and eps, power-driven systems are progressing well, with a continuous expansion of product incremental space. Among them, in the area of auto chassis, the company developed a self-researched aluminium ball, the arm-control product, which helped the business plate to grow rapidly at the end of 2024, and the company chassis industry in 2024.
There has been significant progress in the area of the corporate smart brake system (ibs), which has now achieved a number of projects. The company has now begun to develop a platformed product layout for robotic operations.
Since its establishment in 2023, the company has been focusing its operations on the development of human robotic straight-line executives in close collaboration with downstream clients, by pooling its superior resources and deploying excellent professional teams.
After the company's research and development experience and accumulated in ibs, which quickly received a favourable assessment from its clients, the spin energy was launched, the platform strategy continued to move forward with research and development of the converter, and then started to develop products such as the smart handgun, which had been delivered to customers on several occasions.
The company is also active in setting up robotic body structures, sensors, foot reliefs.
Growth-driven and fast-paced implementers projects. 2024.04.28 The company is very promising to replicate its successful experience in the new power-powered intelligent wave and to seize the opportunity of intelligent and flash-on growth to become industry-led platformed parts and components suppliers.
The country ' s automobile sales do not match the expected risks, the operating risks of a significant increase in the size of fixed assets, the risks of increased competition in the market, and the associated risks of failure to maintain technological advantages.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts