Topper Group (601689.sh)
The non-net profit is 2.73 billion yuan, compared to +35.0 per cent; the 25q1 TPP collects 5.77 billion yuan, compared to +1.4 per cent, and the ring is 20.4 per cent (337 million Tesla 25q1 sales, compared to 13 per cent); and the volume of research and development inputs continues, waiting for company performance to warm. At the cost level, 2501 TUP sales/management/
In 2002, sales such as Tesla, Cyrus, Gilly, Ideal, Mi, etc. are expected to continue to bring up performance gains, while operations such as heat management, auto electronics, chassis, etc. continue to be put in place, adding to the performance of the company's executives, and are expected to drive the company's marginal performance upwards.
The depth of high-quality clients and the successive production of new products bring certainty of medium- and long-term performance. After looking ahead, the end of the vehicle is the T-shirt, and the company platforming strategy +tier 0.5 model continues to move forward, deepening cooperation and upgrading with car companies such as Cyrus, Ideas, Chirre, Mi, Gilly, Strandis, BMW, Mercedes, etc.
Accompanied amounts are expected to provide a steady growth dynamic; in terms of capacity, the company continues to implement the production and construction of capacity, and the construction of factories such as Hangzhou Bay 8th, 9th and Jinan, Henan and Mexico continues to progress; and China, Tupou Group (601689.sh) - 3-quarter net profits increase by 55 per cent on a year-on-year basis, platform-type
On the human side, the company and the client began to lay out from the straight line and rotate the implementer (24 years of electric power-driven systems), the Top Group (601689.sh) - second quarter net profit increased by 26 per cent on a year-on-year basis, by $13.43 million on a year-on-year basis and by 624 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and started to develop products such as smart hand-guns, which have been made to customers on several occasions.
The company is also actively setting up robotic body structures, sensors, and foot reduction.
Investments suggest that: the core of the human robot industry chain, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Considering the volatility of sales by core clients and increased competition in the industry, lower profit forecasts and add 27 years.
Summary of performance: Tupou Group collected 26.6 billion yuan in 2024, i.e. +35.0 per cent of the same year, net profit to the mother of 30.0 billion yuan, i.e. +38.9 per cent of the same year, net profit to the mother of 2.73 billion yuan, i.e. +35.0 per cent of the same year; 2501 TPR of 5.77 billion yuan, i.e. +1.4 per cent of the same year, ring of 20.4 per cent (337 million of Tesla sales, i.e., equal to 13 per cent of the same year); and 45,000 of the questionnaires.
Figure 2: Company operating income for the single quarter and rate of increase Cost dimension, 2501 TG sales/management/R & D cost rate of 1.2 per cent/3.3 per cent/59 per cent, respectively, is the continuing input of new company products (robots, car electronics-related) and new technologies, respectively; 2501 TG M & A rate
The 25q1 TPP net interest rate of 9.9 per cent is expected to continue to increase performance upwards in sales of q2, Tesla, Cyrus, Gilly, Ideal, Mi, etc., while the heat management, auto electronics, chassis, etc., continue to be released and the performance of the company's executives is expected to be combined with the performance of the company's executives.
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Core technologies, and the technology and experience gained, can be replicated in the development of new products to improve the efficiency of R & D. Building on long-term foundational development and technological breakthroughs, integrated development and systems integration capabilities such as generators, electricity, fluids, software, etc., will gradually build up a complete product development system. In ibs, for example, ibs are highly integrated safety systems, integrated.
Multidisciplinary content such as machinery, electronics, hydraulics, controls, algorithms and, under the rapidly changing car market environment, companies: 1) vertically iterative products: ibsibsproibsred and ibsevo; 2) horizontal extension of product lines: capability-based extension line-based systems based on electrical control, software, manufacturing, bottom-training, etc. (electrically power-guided transfer systems, etc.)
In the robotic area, the company’s core strengths in implementing power system operations include: 1; having a permanent magnetic server, no frame.
Self-research capabilities of various types of electrical machines, such as electric machines; 2 experience with integrated power units, speed-reducing institutions, controllers; 3 capacity with precision mechanical processing; 4 capacity with synergy of research and development resources and testing resources. Companies are more competitive in this area, guaranteeing them a larger share of the market. Companies and customers move from a straight line to a larger share of the market.
The implementer started working together and, given the company’s research and development experience in ibs and its accumulated experience, quickly getting a good customer’s appreciation, then started to develop spin-over executors, and then started to develop products such as smart flash motors, and sent samples to clients on several occasions, and the project progressed rapidly. The company was also active in setting up robotic body structures, sensors, and feet.
So, for example, a shock absorber, an electro-soft skin, etc., which further shapes the layout of a platformed product for robotic operations, investment proposals: the core of the human robotic industrial chain, which maintains a “better than the big market” rating.
The system of X-y-z line control chassis is gradually being improved, and the electronics of the cars of Auxiliary is entering the release period of the week; on the other hand, the company has recently published information on the recruitment of personnel for the pump valve research and development centre, the power-drive department, the smart surface research centre, the electro-control device, and it is expected that the company will continue to develop, design, produce and sustain research and development.
We continue to appreciate the performance certainty and growth of the Group’s product expansion, client breakthroughs, expansion of production capacity, and, given the volatility of core customers’ sales and increased competition in the industry, lower profit forecasts and an additional 27-year profit margin.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.