Phillipcapital (601689ch) Building speed, robotics moving fast.
The Topper Group is an industry in the area of car nvh (noise, vibration and sound harshness) (at 20 May).
Dragonhead, in recent years, the company's base on the original seismic and interior features industry has been very low-level, target price cny59.1 (+14.7%) System modules and automobile and electrical services as future strategic development projects for 2+3 to respond to car electricization and intelligence.
The company has now developed an Nvh Decomposition System/Intra-Intra-Early Decoration System/Base Light Quantified/Base System/Intelligent Class/Wise Drive/Airboard/Heat Management System eight major product lines, and has also broken down the set-up electrical utility department, the General Shareholder (million shares):
The market value (in millions of yuan): The year 2024 saw a sharp upturn of nearly 40% and a short-term wave of q1 in 2025.
In 2024, TPR realized a real operating income of $26,600 million (people ' s dollar, same amount) (year-on-year +35.02 per cent), of which q4 realized a real operating income of $7,248 million (year-on-year +30.63 per cent), resulting in a positive return of $767 million to the mother.
+0.4 ppts. Despite a decline in the Māori rate as a result of car competition, the price of raw materials and the expansion of production capacity, firm interest rates increased by strict cost controls (8.6 per cent, compared to -0.9 ppts) and government subsidies ($280 million, compared to +130 million).
2025q1 realized 5.77 billion yuan (+1.4 per cent for the same year) and 570 million yuan (12.3 per cent for the same year), mainly due to increased fees for the start-up of new businesses in some new factories and a decline in sales of downstream clients, with sales of Tesla and Sailes 25q1 falling by 13 per cent and 47 per cent respectively.
The company's high performance in the high-speed growth and growth of new energy vehicles, with the explosion in electric power, was increased by 31,282,000 vehicles and 31,436,000 vehicles sold in 2024, according to the medium-air agreement.
This represents an increase of 3.7 per cent and 4.5 per cent; of these, 12.888 million and 12.866 million, or 34.4 per cent and 35.5 per cent, respectively, represent 40.93 per cent of total traffic in Chinese cars. The benefits are derived from the rapid growth in the number of new energy vehicles, 32 million companies, and 16 million (including exports), which will continue to sustain the high growth.
Source: companyreports, phillipsecuritiesest. Traveling client re-routing is expected to end in 2025q2 with limited impact in the course of the year.
In 2024, the company spent $1.224 billion on research and development, and through continuous investment, the company ' s air hanger system, smart pods, wire control ibs, wire control to eps, electrical power systems, etc., produced a cumulative product, and the product line continued to grow.
In the area of motor vehicles, the company has taken the lead in the country in the production of a large scale of closed air storage (c-ecas) and in the same time, the ibs (ibs) system has been significantly developed, and many items are now being produced.
The country's plans to complete the 9th and 10th workshops in the former Gulf District, the preparation of the 2nd project in Mexico abroad, and the 185th acres of the first phase of the Thai factory in 2026.
Start-up: Polish factory plans to expand its capacity and upgrade its production scale. The company's pursuit of robotics, rapid development opportunities, setting up an independent power-transfer division, robotics. The company and its clients started working together from a straight line, and continued research and development of products such as Rotator and Smart Handlers, which have been developed on a number of occasions.
In 2025, the company will launch a robotic base of about 150 acres, which is expected to rise as fast as possible in response to client demand.
The company will build a new long curve for the company, laying the foundation for the company to maintain its rapid roll-out. The Topper Group, in its Tier 0.5 model of cooperation, is bound to the depth of the new energy car enterprise, while continuing to develop the project.
It's a long way to go to expand the product line and enjoy the benefits of the new energy car, which can still be expected to sustain the car industry; and it's a company that's got robotics, e-drives, etc., which is a multi-billion class race for the future.
New business progress is lower than expected.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Only. philipsecuriteshasnotverifiednorsinformationandnorepresentationorwarranty, expressorimplied, Ismathatsuchinformationorresearchacurate, completeorverifieorsouldbelieduponsuch.anissuchinformationorresearchorcontainmentandpublicispubissuespubjecttochange.indoevenevential
philipsecritiesbeliableforanyspecial, indirect, incidentalconsequentialdamageswhoichmaybeurredfuseoftheinformationorresearchmade available, evenifithasbeenadvisefthepossibilityofsuchdamages.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2025 philipsecurities (longkong) within the meaning of the term "regional members company" singpore
I'm not going to be able to do that.
phillipsecuritiesjapan, ltd phillipsecuritiespted 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rrafflescitytower,
b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii, 4-2 nihonbashikabutocho, chuo-ku no.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450 kualumpur
Indonesia china india
philipsecuritiesindonesia phillipfinncialdvisory (shanghai)co.ltd. philipcapital (india) privatized
Anztowerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thloor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg, jakarta 10220, indonesia
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Phillipsecurities (thailand) publicco.ltd. kking and shaxsoncapitalld. kking and shaxsonltd.
15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849 silomroad, 3rdbroor, 35ruedelabienfaisance 6thfloor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
philipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritieslimitted
"Live10, 330 Collinstreet level4, milleniumhouse, 46/58 navamwatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding
Colombo2, Srilanka chicago, l606004usa hongkong
phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong