The Topper Group (stock code: 601689.sh) event: the company published its annual report for 2024, and the company achieved its operating income of $26.600 billion throughout the year.
The main increases in motor electronic contributions are in the form of a gold plate, interiors, auto electronics, and an excess of the nine-fold increase in motor electronics: companies continue to deepen the Tier 0.5 cooperation model, and total product business revenues are positive
Growth, with five major lines of business/interpretation features/breathboard systems/car electronic/heat management systems operating from large-scale delivery of airborne products, revenue has increased by more than nine times, and the company's airborne system is mainly equipped with Qin JiQun
In 2024, the electric matrix was upgraded from an electronic vacuum pump to a higher value-added product, with a marked increase in the average price of the product, which was $3790.3 in 2024, a 12.6-fold increase.
Firmly promoting overseas market expansion, planning for production capacity in Thailand I, Mexico II, Poland II, as a result of slower sales by big clients Tesla. Companies remain steadfast in promoting overseas market expansion, companies are the world’s scarce Tier 0.5 supplier, and products have some value in the new global energy market.
Weakness, with ample space in overseas markets, the current penetration rate of new energy sources remains low, the level of competition in the market is lower than in the country, with better levels of profitability, with companies operating abroad having a 22.03 per cent Māori rate in 2024, and the construction of a vehicle spare parts production base in Thailand, which, on the one hand, will be used to take over the chain from the domestic mainframe to the industry.
Sea demand, on the other hand, was used to reach overseas customers, with 185 acres of land, scheduled to be operational by early 2026. In addition, the company has begun preparations for the upgrading of production capacity in Mexico II and Polish factories, with a relatively deep capacity of 300 per cent of overseas supply services.
The Māori rate is subject to an increase in depreciation between the annual decline in clients and the introduction of new capacity, and the cost rate is effectively hedged: In 2024, the company adjusted its accounting standards to adjust the amount of the projected liability arising from quality assurance categories that are not part of a single performance obligation from the "sale costs" to the "business costs" heading, adjusted to the "business costs" heading.
The impact of the annual fall of the price war on the spare parts chain and the short-term increase in depreciation of the company's new production capacity, which in 2024 was solidified at $3.159 billion, or 27.43 per cent of the company's fixed asset book value at the end of 2023, and the underutilization of the production capacity during the pre-capitulation phase, with the cost of the increase in depreciation.
0.43 pct/+0.19 pct, good regulation of cost rates plays an important role in the stability of corporate profitability. Robot product projects are moving fast, product lines tend to diversify, leading to growth: the company robot product project in 2024 is moving fast, and companies and customers are starting to connect from a straight-line implementer.
Given the company’s research and development experience in ibs and its accumulated experience, it quickly received a favourable assessment from its clients, and then started to develop spin-over executors and other products, such as a smart flashlight machine, which has been sent to its clients on several occasions. The company also actively deploys robotic body structures, sensors, foot decompositioners, electronic soft skins.
Skin, etc., further shapes the platformed product layout of robotic operations. The diversification of corporate robotic products is expected to lead to the reuse of company experience in the platformed layout of auto parts and components, laying a solid foundation for companies to become more competitive in the machine and human domain.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.