Summary of events: On 2 June, the company issued an announcement to raise $9.9 billion in non-public shares. \triangleright, this non-public issue, determines the price of the issue by competitive bidding, and issues the quantity of the stock to raise the total amount of the funds
With the exception of distribution prices, which are determined at no more than 624 million shares (including this amount) and 20 per cent of the total shares of the pre-issuance company, $7,383 million of the funds to be raised will be used for the development of gold resources in the Jia Mine (integrated) area, leaving a balance of $2,517 million for repayment of bank loans to alleviate the company ' s high asset-liability rate.
In 2021, the company acquired part of the right to mine in the Jiao gold belt by buying Lei State \triangleright and infusing group assets. On this basis, the company intends to use the present plan.
In terms of the cost of mining, the use of scale development, standardized operations, etc., to solve the problem of the multiplicity of mining sites and the multiplicity of mines; scientific planning of industrial sites to reduce the cost of transporting ore.
The project ' s post-natal capacity can reach 6.6 million tonnes/year, with an average of 3.04 g/t and an annual average of 18.85 tonnes of gold ore content from Qiuzu, further enhancing the company ' s core competitiveness and profitability.
By the end of 2021, the company owned 13 domestic and 2 overseas mines, increasing its gold resources to 1479.26 tons, and ranked second in the country in terms of resource retention, after the purple gold mine. The company ' s domestic resources amounted to 1048.09 tons, including Shandong.
Inner resources account for 91.96% of the total. Guo Northwest Lei - Expeditions are the world’s few mega-golden rich areas, with companies based in the region of Lei listed as “China’s gold production” tons. The company will carry out deep exploration of the outer edges around the resources of Jioji, Shinai City and San Francisco, making use of existing livelihoods.
The production system has reduced production significantly, creating a “world-class gold base.” Gold industry depth report: gold configuration. Gold industry depth report: history: gold prices go up.
The 14th Five-Year Plan strategy is clear, and the international gold giants are on the move. According to the Gold Group's “10 \triangleright forward indicators — the time spread is up.”
With a total of about 35 tons, the Help Group has achieved a target of 80 tons of total production. The company's development planning path is clear and actionable, and it is moving toward growing into an international gold-eating leader.
Investment proposals: The company quickly deploys high-quality domestic and foreign resources and integrates the synergies of resources in Shandong Province \triangleright with the political risks in the countries where the mines are located.
Summary of events: On 2 June, the company issued an announcement to raise $9.9 billion in non-public shares, which were to be issued at a competitive price of up to 624 million shares and up to pre-issue shares of the company. The proposed fund-raising by the company will be used for two projects, of which $7.383 billion will be used for the Carabineros (situation).
The United Kingdom gold resources development project, with a six-year construction period, will raise the level of corporate resources, achieve integrated use of mining resources, effectively control development costs, raise the size and profitability of the company's assets, issue the funds, before they can be raised, the company can invest in self-financing on the basis of the project's actual circumstances and raise the funds.
The remaining $2.517 billion will be used to repay bank loans to alleviate the high asset-liability ratio of companies and to respond positively to the demand for leverage from state firms.
1 Resource consolidation development accelerated, with a significant increase in mineral gold production and profitability, 1.1 J gold mining resource integration, and co-development and cost containment. Policy for the development of coal-plate gold resources integration development is clear, and companies integrate regional resources into leading enterprises.
In July 2021, the Shandong provincial government issued an approval letter to the People's Government of the City of Smoking for the presentation of a proposal for the integration of the mineral resources of the gold mine in eight districts (city) of the City of Smoking.
A programme for the integration of resources, with clear provisions: to uphold the principle of “one subject” and to promote the integration of a mining owner in the region, a mining operator within a mining right, and a production operator within a mining authority, with a firm determination to eliminate physical integration, false integration, safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of all parties and safeguarding social stability.
The merger of 14 mining rights in the region and the completion of a mining licence for the integration of the mining rights have led to the consolidation of 14 mining rights, such as the Jia's gold mine.
In addition, the gold mines of Jiajia, Kanayama, Mojiang, Magang, Magang II, Dongjian, Kimi, Chu Guo Li, and the nine mining rights of the late Zhao gold mines, as well as the deep and outer gold mines of Jia and the south of the gold mines, are detailed, the deep and peripheral gold mines of Magang II, the gold mines of the late Zhao north, the gold exploration of the south Lu-Hinki area.
As at 3 June, Lei State had obtained 14 mining licences for integrated mining rights, including the Jiao gold mine, with the exception of the gold mine in gold city and the late Zhao gold mine, the rest of the consolidated mining rights-related assets have been attributed to Lei State.
(Substantially owned by Rudi, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Golden Group in Shandong, the Lé State Department has signed a lease agreement with Rudi on mining rights in gold mining in the city; and material assets related to mining rights and mineral rights in the post-Zao gold mine are essentially owned by Gold Fae Mining Limited in Lei County, which will actively promote mining rights in the post-Zao gold mine.
A combination of the use of existing sites to improve the efficiency of resource development, with a total of 18.85 tons per year of gold production following the completion of the project.
The company will plan for the existing work on the Jiao gold belt, scale development, standardized operational mining, and concentrate on the solution of the current Jiao gold belt.
In addition, the selection of industrial sites centred on the former Kao gold mining site, which combines the former Zhu Guo Jiaxei mining site with the creation of new industrial sites, each serving the north of the integrated mine.
The Ministry and the southern region make full use of existing production and living facilities, reduce the distance from ore transport, increase resource efficiency and effectively control development costs. 12.61145 million tons of resources are held in this integrated mining area, an average of 3.51 g/t gold.
Up to the post-natal stage, the mine-mining capacity is expected to reach 6.6 million tons/year, with an average level of 3.04 g/ton, or 2906 million tons (including approximately 18.85 tons) of floating gold concentrate produced annually.
The project is cost-effective, with a design return of 8-9 years.
8.71 (after tax and construction period) has been a better economic benefit. 1.2 Reimbursing bank loans and optimizing capital structure.
As of 2021, the issuance of documents such as the Guidance for Distinguishing Corporate Flow Ratios and Quick Ratios imposes requirements on state companies to reduce leverage. The proposed repayment of bank loans reduces the asset-liability ratio, and is expected to improve operating efficiency.
The release of 2,517 million yuan in funds to repay bank loans helps to reduce corporate financial risk, optimize capital, improve risk-resilientness, enhance the company ' s continued profitability and overall operating efficiency, and provide strong guarantees for the company ' s future sustainable development.
In order to further enhance the transparency of profit-sharing policies, positive returns to shareholders, the company’s board of directors has drawn up a plan for equity-sharing returns for the next three years, taking into account the characteristics of the industry, the stage of development, its own business model and the level of profitability, and suggesting differences.
According to the company ' s cash allocation policy, which ensures the company ' s normal operations, the most recent audited net assets are 30%. Based on the company ' s historical cash allocation, the company ' s cash share in 2016-2019 is net.
The equity distribution plan, which demonstrates the company's protection of shareholders' interests and confidence in the company's business development,2 is dynamic and robust in its pursuit of the objectives of the 14th Five-Year Plan, with a wealth of high-quality resources and a world-class gold production base in Lei County. The company is located in Shandong Province.
The largest gold reserves, 23.7 per cent of the country in 2020, ranked first in the world. Guobei - Faraway is the world’s rare mega-magnetized area, with gold reserves and yields among the top in the country.
“China's gold produces the ten great mines”, which in 2021 produced 42.17 per cent of the mineral gold (total production 24.78 tons). The company is engaged in deep exploration of the outer edges around the resources of Jioji, New Town and San Francisco, using existing production systems to reduce production more dramatically and to build a “world-class gold base”, the Jiaoji region.
Integrated gold mining development, in line with corporate strategic planning, was completed in 2021, with the completion of the Keizhou merger and the infusion of assets within the group, which voluntarily benefited from the consolidation of gold in the province. In February 2021, the company acquired 100 per cent of Lei State's shares at a cost of $48 million.
In October 2021, the company acquired 7,132 million yuan for mining in the north of the late city of Lei. The company successfully acquired the gold mine in Rudi, the gold mine in Shandong, the gold mine in Shandong, the 100% share in the mine, the 45% share in Hongjing mining in Lei, under the banner of Chu Guo Li, the gold mine in Saaring,
The successful acquisition of these mines in South Lu-Hingi gold mines, Magang mines, Magang mines, East Season mines, etc., provided the basis for the integrated development of the Kao resource belt.21 Up to the end of 2021, the company owned 13 domestic mines and 2 overseas mines.
In mines, gold reserves reached 592.41 tons, gold resources increased to 1479.26 tons, and resource retention ranked second only in the country, after the UV mine. The company ' s domestic resources reached 1048.09 tons, with 91.96 per cent of the capital in Shandong.
Since 2009, all levels of government have initiated plans for the integration of resources in the gold sector, with the aim of addressing the current pitfalls of low concentration and low resource security in our gold industry, in support of national and government policies.
In the interim, the integration and scale-up of mineral resources has become a trend in the gold sector in the country. Tons and 24.78 tons, with a significant reduction in production in 2021, are mainly affected by the suspension of non-coal mines in Shandong.
Internal resources can further reduce competition with gold groups and increase the size of resource reserves and production, thus contributing to overall synergies. Regions, red-bureau areas have been integrated into the Jiao family gold mine and the New Town gold mine, respectively.
In 2021, the company acquired 22.71 tons of gold and 2.35 tons of gold from the gold mine. On 8 March 2021, the company completed the acquisition of cardinalresources and acquired namdini.
bolgatanga and subranum gold projects, where the namdini project detects and controls an average of 203.1 tons, with an average grade of 1.12 g/t. The company is actively engaged in the pre-construction phase of the project after the acquisition, which is expected to last for 27 months and will result in an average annual production of 8.9 tons of gold after delivery.
The 14th Five-Year Plan strategy is clear, and the international gold giant’s targets are on the way. According to the Gold Group’s 10th-Fifty-Fifty-Year Plan, the Group’s production of 80 tons of mineral gold is expected to double in 2025.
Overstretched output increases by about 35 tons, and aid groups achieve a total production target of 80 tons. Corporate development planning paths are clear and operational, moving towards growing into an international gold flagship. Figure 5: Shandong Gold Group “145” planning target
Figure 6: Tandong Gold Vision 2023, by the end of 2035, to reach 80 tons of global distribution of resources, brand recognition and goodwill, over 3,300 tons of resource reserves and 20 per cent of per capita income
Significant improvement in corporate governance, scientific and technological research and development, environmental safety, social protection, asset size and market value of listed companies, over 200 billion yuan, harmonization, corporate culture, etc., became a model of industry worldwide, producing annual mineral gold.
The production-debt ratio was reduced to 50 per cent, seeking to “rebuild a Shandong gold”, entering the world by 155 tons, with a total profit of $20 billion and a third doubling of employee per capita income to 400,000 yuan/year, the top three in the world's industry.
3 Profit forecasting and investment proposals Investment proposals: Companies quickly deploy high-quality domestic and foreign resources, integrate resources in Shandong Province to create synergies and economies of scale, and the 14th Five-Year Plan’s growth prospects are clear. We expect companies to lose 2022 to gain.
1) Risk of a significant decline in metal prices: where the market price of the minerals in question is volatile, mining enterprises may assume the risk of the company ' s projects falling short of expectations: affected by the epidemic, policy regulation, etc., ongoing projects or cannot 3) production safety risks: natural disasters, equipment malfunctions, human error may create a security risk;
4) Political risk in the countries where the mines are located: most of the gold mines are overseas, the conflict in the Russian Federation has intensified, and there is some instability in the political and social structures of the countries or regions in which some offshore projects are located.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.