By the end of 2021, the company had 13 domestic mines and two overseas mines. By the end of 2021, the company had 13 domestic mines and two overseas mines, mainly in Shandong and Shandong.
Inner Mongolia, Fujian, Gansu, and Argentina. The company’s gold resources are 1,479.26 tons (up from last year’s tons (about 203 tons) and its counterpart gold reserves are 499.62 tons. Effective expansion of the company’s gold resources is achieved through M&As, both within and outside the country.
The company's core assets are the Namdini project in Ghana, the company's first regional project in Africa. The company has limited access to its growing gold holdings through the growing Golden H stock in Shandong.
The company shares 100% of its core asset, the Xinjiang gold mine, and is one of the largest single gold mines in the Xinjiang region, with total equity/flow (millions of shares) and one of the 10 fine mines in China with economic benefits. Together, the two mines increase the amount and reserves of gold for the company.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) Acquisition of assets from Lé State and Group Company to optimize the integration of provincial gold resources. In 2021, Shandong gold acquired a total of $7,132 million in gold from the Shandong Gold Group, Tianjung.
100% of mining, mining, and 45% of mining (the remaining 55% of mining). A series of policies to accelerate the integration of mining resources in Shandong Province will help companies to buy and buy quality resources around existing mines; and, for companies, it will give further impetus to the provincial three.
In the first quarter of 2022, corporate performance increased significantly. In the first quarter of 2022, the battalion increased significantly.
Revenue from the industry was 13.38 billion yuan, a significant increase of 85.49 per cent in the same year. This is mainly the result of the increase in the self-financed sales of subsidiaries and large-scale trade; their profitability was restored until last year’s shutdown, resulting in a net return to the mother of 315 million yuan, an increase of 195.7 per cent in the same year.
In 2021, the resumption of work in the company’s province took place in an orderly manner, while at the same time enhancing control over the operation of mines outside the province. The company’s production capacity rose from month to month, from June 2021 to the current month, with a significant increase in profits in the third and fourth quarters of the year, making up for total profits in the first half of the year.
Qualification certificate code: The total annual profit has been converted from negative to negative, with a total profit of $22 million, subject to a deficit of $131.2 million.
In the medium-to-long term, the pace of interest increases is expected to slow; together with the combination of objective external factors, such as geopolitical conflicts, commodity prices remain high and the risk of stagnation remains high; investment proposals: we expect the company's performance to continue to grow over the next few years, and we expect it to grow.
The former gold mining company, which has a strategic expansion, is a company that collects gold for exploration, selection, smelting, deep processing and marketing, as well as for the production and sale of mineral equipment and equipment, and has a complete industrial chain. The companies are located in Shandong, Fujian, Naymon, Gansu, Xinjiang, and Xinjiang, China.
In South America, Argentina, Ghana, Africa, etc., and with a leading science and technology research and development system in the industry, along with the rise of (i) the gold pole, Shandong Gold was founded in 2000 as a member of the Shandong Gold Group. In 2003, the company was listed on the market.
In 2017, the company acquired 50% of the gold mine under Baric, Argentina, and officially started a globalized development. In 2018, the company went to Hong Kong to market on the main board, bringing about a plus-h capital.
In 2020, the company began to acquire the resources of Katino and the gold of Henging, and in 2021 it officially landed, with the deployment of resources in Ghana and Xinjiang. To date, the company has 13 gold mines in the country, all of which are on the national list of green mines, with two overseas gold mines.
Chart 1: The company's development history, which is in line with the Shanghai Gold Exchange's 80% interest in the Fujian gold mine.
Gold supplier of gold standards for the acquisition of Katino resources and constant gold, Ghana and Xinjiang.
Acquisition of the Linglong Gold Mine - East Wind Mine, 10th place in a global gold company (2020), listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
The purchase of the Red Peaks gold mine in Inner Mongolia and the sale of the gold from Baric, Argentina, of Beladerokin.
Co-initiated by Shandong Gold Group Limited and four other companies, they bought 75% of Shandong Goldstone.
Hong Kong's H shareboard is on the market and a+h is on the market. (ii) The state's business background is strong.
The shareholders in the company are Shandong Gold Group Ltd., the real owner is the Shandong State Finance Committee. By the end of 2021, the group had a direct share of 37.71 per cent, its primary subsidiary, Shandong Gold Color Mining Holdings, 2.58 per cent of its shares, Qingjia Gold Holding 0.7 per cent of its shares, and its secondary subsidiary, Shandong Gold Geology and Minerals Survey Ltd., 4.36 per cent of its shares.
This group holds a total of 45.35% of the company’s shares directly or indirectly, with a greater concentration of shares. The Shandong Gold Group is a holding company, with multiple gold mining companies investing in it, and a larger group map. The group has advanced gold extraction core technology: mining resource development bases have been built in seven provinces, including Nemon, Fujian, Hainan, and gold, silver, lead, and zinc.
Metal mining options and trade; M&A development in Argentina, Australia, Canada, Ghana, etc., to enhance global competitiveness. In the area of finance, corporate groups have taken advantage of innovative and low-cost financing advantages to create a strategic financial platform to service the entire group ' s industrial chain in the deep North.
(iii) Senior management, sound employee incentives Management has a wealth of experience in gold industry M & As and production management, and has a great influence in the industry. Corporate management teams are composed of experts with extensive experience in mining and capital markets, covering business management, mining, mineral selection, geology, surveying, and wealth
The following are the company’s main management:
President: Secretary of the Party Committee of Tandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd., former Director of the Fat City Mining Group, Chairman of the Party Committee, President of the Trade Union, Deputy Secretary, Secretary of the Discipline Committee of the dates mining group, Chairman of the Shandong Energy Date Mining Group, Secretary of the Party Committee, Deputy Secretary, General Manager, Director of the Party Committee of the Eastern Energy Group Ltd.
Chairman: Lee Guohong: Senior experience in investment management. Presently General Manager, Shandong Gold Group Limited; Chairman, Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd.
Chairman of the Finance Company Ltd. and Chairman of the Precious Metals Investment Company Ltd. in San Francisco (Shanghai). Director and Managing Director Wang Yuhai, who has been in the company for decades, years of experience at the grass-roots level and is familiar with the company’s business.
Deputy Secretary-General, General Manager, Company Committee, President, China Mining Department, Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd., Party Secretary, Deputy General Director, Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd., President, Tobacco Mining Department, Party Secretary.
The combined share of 11,645,629 shares, representing less than 1 per cent of the total share capital, was purchased in the amount of $166,532,494.70. In August of the end-year, the company implemented a transfer of shares, increasing by 10 shares by 4 shares. On 21 October 2019, this closed sale was restricted to the market. As at 31 December 2021, 11,424,214 shares in the employee holding plan had not been sold.
(iv) Successful resumption of mining gold work, driven by growth in performance of billions of yuan, a decline of 46.70 per cent in comparison with the previous year. The decline in operating income was mainly due to the impact of the non-coal mine safety inspection in the province in 2021, the partial shutdown of the company ' s mines, which led to a significant drop in sales of corporate own-owned gold and the impact of lower sales prices on revenues.
In 2021, work resumed in the company’s province was carried out in an orderly manner, and controls on the operation of mines outside the province were strengthened. The company’s production was profitable in August of that month, with a significant increase in profits in the third and fourth quarters, making up for a loss of 1312 million yuan in total profits in the first half of the year.
With the loss, the total annual profit was reversed from a negative return of $22 million, and self-financed and out-of-pocket payments contributed to the main income. Income by product, $978 million and $11.95 billion, respectively, were earned in 2021, or 28.8 per cent and 35.2 per cent of the total.
In the first quarter of 2022, operating income amounted to 13.38 billion yuan, a significant increase of 85.49 per cent in the same year. This was mainly due to the increase in self-financed sales by subsidiaries and large-scale trade.
108.6 per cent; in the first quarter of 2022, the net profit from the return of the company to production was $315 million, an increase of 237.06 per cent compared with the previous year, due mainly to an increase in the sales commission of the current company subsidiary, Gold Futures Ltd.; and an increase in management costs.
(i) The volume and yield of gold, which is among the highest in the industry, is rich in mineral resources and currently owns 13 domestic and 2 overseas mines. By the end of 2021, the company had 13 national and 2 overseas mines, mainly in Shandong, Inner Mongolia, Fujian, Gansu and Argentina.
Tons (an increase of some 203 tons over the previous year) and the equivalent gold reserves of 499.62 tons. *The three mountain islands gold mine, the Cao family gold mine, the New City gold mine and the Linglong gold mine have been on the list for many years.
In the first half of 2021, the company completed successive full-scale acquisitions of gold and Katino resources, adding Ghana ' s namdini project and Xinjiang gold mines, and in the second half of the year, the group injected 100 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings into the gold mines, the Tianjung mines, and the gold from the mines, in order to inject new resources and growth into the company.
The company ' s mineral gold production, which accounted for 9.6 per cent of the country ' s total mineral wealth, fell significantly, mainly as a result of a security accident in early 2021 involving two local enterprises in Shandong Province (non-Sandong gold-owned enterprises), and the provincial government ' s demand for non-coal mines, which resulted in a partial shutdown of the company ' s mineral production in February last year.
The total number of mines selected by the public sector has risen despite the fact that, as a result of the security check, some of the mines were not produced and the overall number of mines selected by the company has risen, owing to the new mergers and acquisitions of gold belonging to listed companies in 2021.
Gold mountain gold mines have led to an increase in the same amount of mine selection (impregnated); 11.1 million tons of immersion at the Beradero mine abroad, a decrease of 900,000 tons, a decrease of 7.51 per cent. The decrease is due to a shortage of personnel due to the 2021 epidemic, which affected ore mining, an entry point of 1.12 g/t, a decrease of 0.37g/t, a decrease of 24.95 per cent.
Enterprises ' recovery of part of their low-grade resources resulted in a reduction of 0.19 g/t in the same grade for selected minerals, thereby lowering the company ' s overall level of minerals. 91.25 per cent of gold smelting in underground mines in the country fell by 0.55 percentage points, or 0.60 per cent, compared to the same year; and 72.62 per cent of gold smelting in Berad Roe, Argentina, decreased 0.64 percentage points, or 0.87 per cent, compared to the same year.
The expansion of mining plants will be continued in order to further expand the company ' s capacity. Increased efforts will be made in the areas of extractive systems, tailings storage, tailings integrated use of sand: and the acceleration of the 600-ton/day selection of the West and Middle Trench gold mines, the return company - 150m to 300m extension project, the drilling of wells 6 at the Sink Company and the seventh phase of the Beiradro gold mine.
At the same time, the company will accelerate the process of transforming its resource advantages into productive advantages, enabling it to upgrade its output. It will accelerate the development of projects such as the Xinjiang gold-chon mining dumps, the 2,000 tons/day expansion of the Akakung wood mine project, the third phase of the Sansan Island tailings bank, and the expansion of the gold-smelting company's gold-finishing complex to enhance enterprise development.
(ii) Acquisition + Group Injection to optimize the integration of provincial resources 2.2.1 Group Infusion of assets Acquisition of Corporate Mines and Consolidation and Enhancement of Corporate Resource Reserves. In September 2021, the Company decided to give its controlling subsidiary, Lé County.
By acquiring 100 per cent of the ownership of Tianjin mining in Shandong, 100 per cent of the ownership of the Ludi gold mine in Shandong Lei, 100 per cent of the gold and 45 per cent of the ownership of the Hong Kong mining company in Lei Liang, the company achieved the acquisition of the assets of the gold conglomerates, part of the new city ' s mineral belt, at a total value of $7,132 million, based on the above-mentioned asset assessment report.
As of 31 October 2021, the above-mentioned transactions completed the cut-off of the target shares, and the four companies became fully-owned subsidiaries of the Länder company. The deal would expand the company’s production and resource reserves, using synergies to increase the size and profitability of its assets; and it would further reduce corporate competition with the Gold Group and contribute to the overall realization of high-quality gold resources within the Gold Group.
By the end of the reporting period, the Länder company was promoting the integration of the above-mentioned mergers and acquisitions with the Jäo and the New Town Integration Areas. Chart 14: Transfer of Equity Prices Acquisition of 100% of the gold and 45% of the Läi Hung Qiang Mines.
The share ratio is 55 per cent for the Hong Kong mining industry; the Hong Kong mining industry has two subsidiaries, including the controlled subsidiary Kim Seon mining, with a 100 per cent share and the participating subsidiary gold mining, with a 39 per cent share.
The gold mine can be mined in gold, silver, and sulphur, with an area of 1.922 square kilometres. The gold mine in Lei County has mining rights in the gold mine, which are limited to 20 years, from 2 December 2015 to 2 December 2035; this mining right is initially transferred from the prospecting rights. The company has a mining licence of 1.65 million tonnes/year, but the gold mine in Ju Gu Li has not yet been produced and has not yet been taken.
Licence for safe production, expected to arrive in February 2027. 3335.9 million tons of mineral gold ores (122b+332+333) ores, 6.59 g/t, metal 154.650.000 kg, accompanied by mineral sulphur (333) ore, 23.47.39 million tons, average grade as at 31 May 2021
The mining rights of the Sage gold mine can be mined in gold mines with an area of 6.621 square kilometres, and the Sage gold mine in Lei State has mining rights for a period of 25 years, from 16 November 2020 to 16 November 2035; this right was originally transferred from the right to prospecting.
The Division currently has a mining licence of 3.96 million tonnes/year, but at present, the Saaring gold mine has not yet been operationalized, has not obtained a safe production permit and is expected to reach the production date of February 2027, with the following resource reserves as at 31 May 2021: 1) the main mineral: gold ore, 89.97008 million tons.
Gold metal 309.06 tons at an average grade of 3.44 g/t. Of this amount, 540.83 million tons were found in the economic base (111b) ores, 21.99 tons in the metal, ores at an average grade of 4.07 g/t; 2383.15 million tons in the controlled base economic reserve 122b ores, 80.11 tons in the metal, ores at an average grade of 3.36 g/t; and 6,073.1 million tons in the extrapolated economic resources (333) ores, gold
206.96 tonnes in bulk, with an average grade of 3.41 g/t); 2) Accompanied minerals: Silver, 802.5668 tonnes in extrapolated economic resources (333) ores, 232.02 tonnes in silver metals, with an average grade of 2.60 g/t; Sulphur, 1550.07 tonnes in extrapolated economic resources (333), 422 tonnes in sulphur elements, with an average grade of 2.71%, and 12.10 million tonnes in sulfur. 3) A further low grade.
Mines: Gold ore, ore of 44,1427,000 tons, ore of 63.00 tons, gold metal of an average grade of 1.43 g/t. Of this amount: illustrious ore of edible resources (331), ore of 1.1993 million tons, metal of 1.51 tons, ore of an average grade of 1.30 g/t; controlled ore of edible economic resources (332), ore of 29.36 million tons, metal of 3.82 tons, ore of an average grade of 1.30 g/t; extrapolated edible economic resources (333)
The Ludi gold mine in Lé State has the right to prospecting in the Nan Lu-Hingi area in Lé County, Shandong Province, with an area of 4.59 square kilometres, valid for a period of two years, from 1 October 2020 to 30 September 2022.
As of 31 May 2021, the Ludi gold mine had 424,469 tons of gold ore, 133,135.00 kilograms of gold ore, with an average grade of 3.14 g/t; the accompanying mineral silver (333) ore was 82,848 tons, silver metal was 52,501 kg, with an average grade of 6.34 g/t.
Acquisition of 100% of the ownership of the mining company. The mining company has four mining rights and two prospecting rights, including mining rights in the Madong mining area, mining rights in the Ma Pond II mining area, mining rights in the Eastern season mining area, mining rights in the red cloth area and deep and peripheral gold mining areas.
On 5 September 2018, from 2 July to 1 July 2021 and from 30 September 2018 to 29 September 2021: while the Eastern Zone is currently producing 4.5 million tonnes/year, it is in a state of shutdown due to the expansion of its capacity, pending the issuance of a safe production permit, and the Tianjung Mining is actively engaged in the process, which has been issued by the Provincial Emergency Management Office in Shandong.
The following is the information on the extent of resources available within the scope of four mining rights and one prospecting right as at 31 May 2021, and the amount of the right to prospecting in the Marang II mining area has not been disclosed:
/tonne: 40.78 million silver ore with 2,928 kg of silver metal with an average grade of 7.18 g/t; 40.78 million sulphur ore with a net volume of 9,013 tons with an average grade of 2.21%; g/t; 31.36 million silver ore with an average grade of 10.79 g/t with an average grade of 3,384 kg of silver ore with an average grade of 10.79 g/t with sulphur
(b) Mining rights in eastern season areas: ownership of 63.42 million tons of gold ore, 1,647 kg of metals and 2.60 g of average grade of red cloth; ownership of 4,438,000 tons of gold ore, 1,254 kg of gold ore and 2.83 g of average grade of gold
/t/t; 4438,000 tonnes of silver ore, 1,508 kg of silver metal, with an average grade of 3.40 g/t; kg, 24,310 kg of silver metal. 2.2.2 Acquisition of Länder ' s seal to further integration
In February 2021, the company decided to give the controlling subsidiary, the Länder Company, a total of 100% of the shares held in Länder by the Natural Persons Institute at the price of RMB 48 million.
The concession is located in the village of Zhu Qiao, Chu Qiao Town, Liao County, Shandong Province, and covers an area of 0.68 square kilometres for a limited period of two years, from 1 October 2019 to 30 September 2021, the date of the first establishment of which is 12 February 1998.
An average of 2.28 g/t; 42.27 million tons of silver ore associated with minerals (333), 5154 kg of silver ore, with an average grade of 12.15 g/t. (iii) acquisition of the Katino gold ore and expansion of offshore resources
In June of that year, the company decided to purchase 100 per cent of the cardinalresourceslicited shares through off-site offers, first at a total value of $A 1.96 million per share of $26 million in general equity, at a total price of $A 0.46 million, with a share ratio of about 100 per cent of the company's share in the company's 100 per cent share in the company, which became a fully-owned subsidiary of Shandong Gold Hong Kong on 8 September.
The core assets of Katino are three gold projects in Ghana held by its wholly-owned subsidiaries: 1) the namdini development project and the Bolgatanga exploration project, both in the mining belt of Bole-nangodi in north-eastern Ghana, held by its subsidiaries, cardinalinamdini Mininglimied and Cardinalresourcesghanalimited, respectively; 2) the subranum exploration project, located in south-west Ghana.
Figure 22: Equity structure Figure 21: Distribution of mining projects
The Namdini project is a flagship project that the target company is currently focusing on, located at about 30 km south-east of the town of Bolgatanga, in the Talensi district of the province of Uppereast, north-east Ghana. The Namdini project has a mining lease of 63 square kilometres and a mine concession of 15 years, which will expire on 11 February 2035 and may be extended for no more than 30 years.
The Namdini project has approximately 218.11 tons of gold resources with an average grade of 112 g/t; the total volume of gold resources with an ore volume of 194 million tonnes; and, according to a report disclosed by Katino on the Exchange on 3 April 2019, the Namdini project has a proven and credible stock of approximately 157.20 tonnes, an average grade of 1.13 g/t and an ore volume of 139 million tonnes.
The namdini project, an open-air mining project, is still moving forward with pre-natal work. The namdini project began drilling in 2014, significant discoveries were made in 2015, large-scale drilling and resource reporting were carried out in 2016, target companies were granted mining leases of 19.537 square kilometres from Savannah in 2017, and target companies completed preliminary economic evaluations of the project in 2018, as well as pre-requisites.
Research. The researchable report of the Namdini project was completed and published by the target company in October 2019, with a planned construction period of 27 months, and the project was designed to start in the fourth quarter of 2019, with a formal launch in mid-2022, with an average of 280,000 ounces (8.9 tons) of gold per annum from the postnatal period. In November 2019, the target company launched the forward engineering design of the Namdini project, but by the date of completion of the acquisition, the project was launched.
The project did not actually begin construction. After the company had completed the acquisition of Katino, it was actively engaged in the pre-construction of the project, accelerating the namdini bolgatanga and subranum projects, which are still in the exploration phase.
The Ministry applied for a three-year extension of the prospecting permit. (iv) The purchase of constant gold and the expansion of domestic resources. In September 2020, the company privatized it by agreement, acquired 100 per cent of its shares, and acquired the full value of the bargain.
The Ministry pays for the company’s share of h shares, with a total of 159,48,2759 shares, or about 3.57% of the total equity. Of these, Mr. Ko Hiping holds 100% of Goldvirtue’s shares, indirectly holding 555,000 000 shares of the Heining Goldvirtue’s share of the Heining Gold; Mr. Kojiki holds 100% of the lookout shares and indirectly holds 138,750,000 shares of the Heining Gold Gold stock; and Mr. Kojia
Mr. Ki has a paternity relationship with Mr. Koshiping, which together holds a 75 per cent stake in constant gold, and the central asset is the gold mine mining rights project in Yin County, Ihasak Autonomous Oblast, Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, covering approximately 5.7 square kilometres of land, the largest single gold mine in Xinjiang and the economic benefits of China.
Gold mines include five deposits, irmand deposits, Maitto back deposits, Jinshi-Barak deposits, broad ditch deposits and lion mountain deposits, which have so far closed pits on the back of Maeto and Irmand in 2018 and 2019, respectively, and other segments of the mine are under normal exploitation.
An average grade of 0.88 g/t; a total of 52 million tons of ore in gold resources; and a proven and credible stock of approximately 22.71 tons with an average grade of 0.84 g/t and an ore volume of 027 million tons.
Open-air mining costs are lower than the industry average; high recovery rates are achieved through the use of immersion techniques. Near-surface mineralization of gold mines in gold mountains allows companies to open-air mining, with the risk of open-air mining being lower than in underground mining, while the Xinjiang gold mine uses immersion techniques to produce gold, with an annual average recovery rate of over 50 per cent.
Henging gold has been working on technological optimization, with a focus on improving production efficiency. Following the full commercialization in 2017 of gold mines using high-pressure grinding to effectively improve ore processing capacity, Heung Heing gold has been conducting research to further increase leaching rates through biopreoxidation.
The advantages of biopreoxidation include: (i) limited cost increases and low investment costs; (ii) simple processes; and (iii) low energy consumption and semi-industrial tests of biopreoxidation started in the ring month. Once the tests are completed, the sharing and exchange of technology will enable Shandong gold to increase recovery rates, increase gold production and reduce production costs.
After the acquisition was completed, the company stepped up its project to upgrade the Xinjiang gold-chon mining dumps. The company adapted the existing production processes and technologies of the Xinjiang gold-chon mining company to reduce the rate of impoverishment and loss of mining operations by strengthening on-site technology management and increasing technological adaptation.
In general, the company will be actively involved in the integration of gold resources in Shandong Province. The provincial government of Shandong Province has clearly set out the requirements for accelerating the integration of gold and gold enterprises in Shandong Province, optimizing the industrial layout and branding of gold companies. In July 2021, the provincial government issued an agreement on the approval of a programme for the integration of gold and mineral resources in eight districts (city) of the city, three locations of which were located in August.
In the future, the company will focus on mergers and acquisitions of high-quality resource projects around existing mines, further promoting the integration of resources in the three mountain islands of the province, in the Jia-New City belt, and in order to optimize the integration of resources in the region, and to consolidate and enhance the reserves of corporate resources.
In the medium-to-long term, the value of gold allocation highlights the fact that gold prices will continue to be strong in the near and long-term, with a multi-factor drive. While the dollar index continues to rise in the short term, and overall central bank interest hikes are expected to pressure gold, with the Fed landing, the upward pressure on gold has been released, up to 2022.
On 9 May, the price of gold rose to a maximum of $1885.68 per ounce, followed by a slight fall. In the medium and long term, the rate increase was expected to slow down; together with a combination of external and objective factors, such as geopolitical conflicts, the risk of stagnating continued to dominate market sentiment, and yellow gold prices were expected to remain strong.
Gold is a special commodity, with monetary attributes, which gives rise to investment attributes. Under the monetary attributes of gold, its price is influenced by two main factors, namely, the alternative between gold and the dollar denominated currency, that is, the game with a credit currency; and its risk-free nature as a currency. Gold, as one of the broad types of assets, is a financial asset.
The properties of the investment goods, under the financial attributes of gold, the price of gold as a non-interest-free asset is related to the level of real interest rates, the dollar, the lower the return on the assets, the greater the value of the gold configuration. The real interest rate is the opportunity cost of holding the gold, so that the price of gold is closely related to the real interest rate level of the dollar.
The Federal Reserve shrunk as scheduled. In the early morning hours of May 5, Beijing time, the Federal Reserve announced its resolution on the May meeting. The vote committee decided unanimously to increase the interest rate by 50 bp, raising the federal fund base rate to 0.75 to 1%; and the Federal Reserve announced a scheme of shrubs.
As of May 9, 2022, the price of gold rose to a maximum of US$ 1885.68 per ounce, followed by a slight fall. In the long run, the Fed’s rate hike is expected to slow down.
At the same time, the move did not exceed market expectations, given that many Federal Reserve officials had been very direct to market expectations. At the same time, Powell ruled out the possibility of a one-time interest increase of 75bp in the future, suggesting that interest increases might be 50bp in each of the next two meetings, at a slower pace than previous market pricing; and, second, while the Federal Reserve recognized inflation control as its immediate priority, it did.
These suggest that the Fed’s interest rate hikes are more robust, and that, in the long run, the increase will likely slow down in the third quarter of this year, and that it is expected to stop in the fourth quarter. Until then, the market had fully priced the Fed’s eagle movements, and it would be difficult for the Fed to have a more predictable austerity policy in the future.
As a result, the Fed’s tightening monetary policy will have weakened or sustained high-level shocks to the dollar and the US debt rate of return, which will also release upward pressure on gold prices. Monetary excesses combined with geopolitical conflicts and high inflation.
The US, for its part, has opened an unprecedented flood of water, reducing interest rates by 150 basis points over a half-month period, thereby driving global currency overhang, with a greater supply of money than needed to flow, thereby directly contributing to inflation. The Russian-Ukrainian conflict has led to an undersupply of commodities, with high prices for oil and gas resources, some metals, food, etc.
However, the fall in US debt at the start of the hike reflects a lack of optimism about economic fundamentals and the risk of recession. At the beginning of April, the United States experienced a fall in the yield spread between two and 10 years, the first since August 2019; prior to that, US debt had fallen.
The 5/10 and 5/30 year spreads have been reversed, signalling a weakening of the United States economy and a much higher downward pressure. This can also be confirmed by historical data, which since 1977 has seen a total of six rounds of negative spreads over 2/10 years of US debt, followed by an economic recession, which is the central key indicator for judging the recession.
As a result, inflation does not return to lower levels, and the economy faces recessionary risks, and the risk of global economic stagnation remains a major source of concern for the market. In the medium and long term, as the boom in May has slowed, markets are expected to slow down in terms of monetary tightening, which still dominates market sentiment, and gold.
The value-added attributes and the value of investments are beginning to be highlighted, and they are expected to support the start of a new round of rises. We see that gold prices are out of reach and hope that, in the medium to long term, interest increases are expected to slow down, and that, together with a combination of external and objective factors, such as geopolitical conflicts, the risk of stagnating continues to dominate market sentiment, and gold prices are expected to remain strong.
The company’s gold and lead and zinc concentrates on silver, which is relatively high, with a high Māori rate and a shift in the company’s focus towards gold.
The company’s prospects are long-term in terms of increasing mineral gold production through expansion, as well as active exploration and increased holdings through extended mergers and acquisitions. The Fed’s monetary tightening policy is over-expected; the new crown epidemic affects the resumption of work; and the risk of industrial safety accidents.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.