\triangleright deducting net profit from non-retroactivity to the mother $358 million, an increase of 18.6 per cent over the previous quarter of q2.
Industry revenues of $740 million, a 9.4 per cent decline in the same year, ring growth of 0.2 per cent, net return returns of $329 million, overall high performance in a wide range of areas, and firm performance in a steady and steady way: the whole market of downstream numbers in the first half of the year remained high \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
In this context, the company’s performance has risen steadily, and, under last year’s high q2 base, it has achieved an increase of 2.6% in revenue, a rise of 18.6% in net return profit and a rise in net return profit.
The equity held reconfirmed investment earnings of $102 million at fair value on the date of purchase, while at the same time it benefited from the fall in the renminbi against the United States dollar, resulting in a gain of exchange of $5.918 million in the first half of the year.
(a) Continuing to expand the layout of the frontier areas of the industry and to keep pace with the future development of the industry: the company ' s continuous acceleration light module \triangleright industry frontier, where more progress has been made in the first half of the year in the silicon light, 800g, and related light modules:
Research Assistant Magawei 1) Silicon Light: The acquisition of shares of the offshore equity firm alpine was completed in the first half of the year. The silicon light program product of the 400g/800g high-end light module is currently using alpine self-researched silicon cores.
Film products, the company ' s overall progress in the area of silicon light is currently at the forefront of the industry;) 2,800g: the company ' s 800g product matrix is rich, a package of 800g light modules based on eml and silicon light solutions has been launched last year, and its next generation of lithium thiomers based on membranes (tfln) was further demonstrated at the ofc exhibition in March of this year.
1. New ebb (300502.sz) semi-annual performance in 2022
In the first half of this year, the company, benefiting from the continuing decline of related technologies and the rapid growth of the industry, launched its 400gzr/zr+ trunking module, which could be applied to data centre interconnections (dci) and the urban area network, to complete the 2021 Annual Report Review of New Leap (300502.sz):
Overseas demand continues to rise, with more research and development investing in the field of enhanced frontlines, and operational layouts in the field of associated light modules. Accelerated expansion of laser radar operations to further open up the space for future development: apart from the focus on dynamic light module lines
At the forefront of the \triangleright industry, companies have begun to expand horizontally into the laser radar field, where laser radars are the same source as light module technology, where structures and principles are somewhat similar, building on the accumulated technology and experience in light modules over the years.
The company has a competitive advantage. According to the company announcement, the company currently has a dedicated team dedicated to research and development of products in the field of laser radar, which is expected to help the company further open up the space for future growth. \triangleright
Businesses will benefit fully from demand from the digital and telecommunications markets. Together with accelerated layouts in the areas of interconnectivity, 800g, silicon light, laser radar, etc., it is expected that future growth will be further opened. Maintenance of the `recommended' \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.