Qingdao beer (600600.sh) has an upgrade dividend, and high end has become the main melody.
The upgrading of industry consumption, the continuous improvement of patterns, the effectiveness of corporate high-end strategies, the prospect of gradual elasticity of profits, the first coverage of an “enhanced” rating. • The industry is moving into a high-quality development phase
Since 2016, domestic beer demand has gradually stabilized, leaving behind the booming expansion of the industry, which has embarked on a high-quality development phase dominated by business efficiency and structural upgrading. In 2020, with solid and gradual improvements in stock competition, the first-stage plant performance, the exit of small and medium-sized beer factories, and the elimination of industrial output;
On the other hand, with the rise of beer consumption, the rise of young consumers, the continued expansion of the high-end beer market, and the emergence of leaders who have taken the initiative to promote product upscale, industry-wide profits are released at a faster rate.
The company has a multi-layered product system that creates a branding strategy of 1+1, dominated by Qingjima and Jiayama. The company continuously upgrades its product structure and promotes the upgrading of its sub-brand to the main brand, focusing on high-end brands above the Qingjia classic.
Reshaping the image of the product and creating a new image of the young and the country. At the same time, in such dominant markets as Shandong and Shaanxi in the North, companies have greater market ownership, but the product structure is always low and there is much room for continuous upgrading in the future.
On the one hand, the company has taken advantage of the opportunities of re-emergent stock transfer to deliver equity incentives, and management and middle-level motivation have increased significantly. On the other hand, the cash incentives for front-line sales of employees have been increased to build incentives oriented towards high-end and structural upgrading.
Mechanisms to boost front-line employee motivation and promote corporate high-end strategies. Industry patterns continue to improve, upgrading into melody 1.1. Patterns continue to improve, and regional patterns are solid.
The most important variables affecting the pattern of competition in the beer industry are the structure of supply and demand, especially during the period 2014-2016 adjustment of the beer industry, which is under pressure to reduce demand, and the historical peak of current-day capacity, which continues to deteriorate in competition patterns under excess capacity, and the growing flow of inputs to the sector.
Since 2017, as demand has stabilized, the pattern of the industry has stabilized, the flow of inputs has narrowed over the years, and competition has subsided. It is expected that patterns will continue to improve in the future, creating favourable conditions for driving ahead with the growth of beer consumption.
Regional markets are important features of the beer industry, leading to the emergence of monopolistic/base-based, oligopolistic, balanced regional market patterns.
Market dominance, profit pools that form the core of the business, such as Shandong in Qingdo Island beer, Shanxi market, Sichuan Liaoning market in Huayun beer, Chongqing market in Kasper, etc. The second double-head market is still relatively good, with the most variable and the worst pattern being the balanced market.
The difference in size, the lack of market ownership by the liquor industry, shows that you and I have you, and that there is a fundamental balance of forces and a more volatile pattern of competition. In the future, however regional patterns, if they rely solely on market instruments, it is very difficult to change them qualitatively.
Figure 2: Regional market patterns are an important feature of the beer industry, and the overall regional pattern is stable 1.2. Demand is stable, rising to the melody, and demand is subdued by the pressure of excess industrial capacity.
The country’s beer industry is relatively mature and permeable, with less likely per capita consumption to continue to rise, the total beer structure to become the melody, and the medium-end beer expansion to accelerate the industry’s upgrading. While consumption has increased slightly, the beer industry has been slow to upgrade relative to other consumer goods structures, with large beers per year for the period 2014-2017.
As the pattern continues to improve, the beer industry has taken the initiative to upgrade its product to become a beer industry developer. The effects of product upgrading are beginning to appear, with mainstream prices rising to $6-8 and $8-15.
Open up, with more than $6 in mid-end and higher-end beer growing. Nationally produced beer was more powerful than high-end beer in 2020, with multiple high-end new products such as Chinese beer, Qingdao beer, high-end power and an accelerated upward trend in beer products. Figure 4: Higher-end beer retailing continued to grow faster in 2015-2019
Figure 5: The share of sales of beer above medium and high grades has increased continuously 1.3. Supply: output packages have gradually been cleared, business efficiency has improved, and productivity has been scaled up.
Model plants, reduced production and human pressure, and increased efficiency. Of these, Bwa Weinbo shut down eight factories in China in 2016-2017, Kasper shut down and disposed of 17 factories in China in 2017, Hua Yun's beer shut down 13 factories in 2015-2017, and the company shut down four factories in 2018-2019.
The demand for high-quality products is met by closing down the back-to-back capacity of prior M&As while building more productive and efficient production lines in an integrated and upgraded manner. Figure 6: Significant reductions in new production capacity across the industry after 2016
Figure 7: Annual reductions in Qingdao beer design capacity, Figure 8: Annual increases in Qingdao beer capacity, Figure 9: Increase in fixed asset turnover in industry
Figure 10: The number of beer salesmen in Qingdao has steadily declined in recent years Figure 11: Revenue generation for beer salesers in Qingdao has continued to increase in recent years
Insurance, industry concentration slightly increased; demand stabilized after 2017, industry concentration cr5 remained essentially stable at 72%-74%, and continued investment of a large share of cost competition was of little significance, leading to lower efficiency gains on the supply side. Publicly, there is still room for beer drops in the future, competition has subsided in medium- and long-term patterns, and the cost structure is low.
The cost of the beer will continue to shrink and shift to medium-end and higher-end beer, and the cost effect is expected to improve continuously. Figure 12: Business income will continue to slow up after 2016. Figure 14: Cost of company sales will decrease significantly after demand stabilizes
The first beer company in the country and the first mainland company to be listed on the h stock market.
In 1993, the company was listed in a+h stock and became the first domestic beer company to be listed in the country, as well as the first inland company to be listed in the Hong Kong stock market.
In the early years of the domestic beer industry, local beer companies were large, but not sufficiently large, mostly in small factories of less than 50,000 tons. After 30 years of merger and acquisition consolidation and rapid growth, the concentration of the industry has increased, and the size of the liquor industry has increased significantly.
Looking back, companies are now at a new stage of high-quality development. Companies are at the beginning of a new history, benefiting from three major advantages.
(2) Product upgrading becomes a melody, and regional markets have great potential for deep cultivation. (3) Companies are in a window of reform and incentives for improvement. At the high-quality development stage, there has been a marked improvement in the efficiency of industry operations, on the one hand, and high-end products, improved quality of profits, and flexible release, on the other hand, as a result of consumer upgrading.
2.2. A new phase of high-quality development takes place from two dimensions of growth and profitability, with a total of four phases. (1) The M & A expansion period (1992-2001): the M & As expansion period, where the company takes the lead in regaining its position.
Mergers and marketing were fast-tracked to achieve a rapid increase in revenue, but the profits were low. (2) The period of major brand expansion (2001-2014): the acquisition of brand integration markets was replaced with the Qingjia brand, later expanded through off-site plants.
2.2.1, M & As expansion period: rush to M & As, insufficient integration, transformation and merger expansion, re-emerged in size. In 1996, Yinjing sold more beer than Qingdao, Qingdao.
In order to regain its position as a leader, beer was purchased in two years from 1999 to 2000 in the major regional markets, with 29 beverages and 3.85 million tons. The market for Qingjia beer increased marketing and increased direct marketing channels, and
The number of sales branches and offices established throughout the country reached 49 in 2000. In 2001, the company registered a breakthrough of $5 billion, while in 1992-2001, the company collected 23.2 per cent of the sales branch, particularly after 1996, benefiting from an accelerated growth in the collection of mergers and acquisitions.
Lack of integration and low quality of development. Because of the rush to expand and take over the market, the quality of the assets of Qingdao beer-buying plants is uneven, and later integration is more difficult. On the one hand, some factories are poorly equipped, poorly managed, saddle mountains, and other liquor factories like the city are on the verge of bankruptcy, and factories are in dire need of technology to upgrade their products.
Market-level companies have replaced local brands with Qingdao beer brands, while the relatively weak base of the Qingdao beer market has led to a decline in market sales, insufficient scale effects, and increased competition in the market. This has led to depreciation and market pressure on productive capacity 2.2.2, major brand expansion: focus on master brands, enhanced operations and integration
In 2001, management changed, Kim Chi became president of the company, and there was a major shift in corporate strategy. The corporate strategy began to shift from “big” to “strong” and slowed the pace of expansion and M&As, while enhancing the integration of markets, brands, and channels to drive the plant.
The company’s rapid growth in revenue and a marked improvement in the quality of profits under the dominant brand-based strategy, the expansion of the South and coastal markets, and appropriate extended mergers and acquisitions. First, the “1+3” branding system, the focus on the main brand, and the upgrading of the product structure.
The brand strategy, which defines the branding of Qingdao as the main brand, Hans, Hillwater, Hill Hill as the second brand, aims at replacing regional brands and upgrading the “1+3” brand, with the top four brands rising from 56% in 2004 to 94% in 2008.
The strategic shift from a production-oriented to a market-oriented one was initially completed in 2005, marked by the creation of seven regional marketing companies, replacing the structure of the former Ministry of Industry. In 2007, marketing and manufacturing centres were further established to improve product quality and concentration.
Launching of a channel operating model for “big customer plus micro-operation” to build provincial base markets and priority regional markets. Figure 22: Corporate Focus 1+3 brand system, 2003
The beer industry is oversupplyed and demand is falling. The beer market has saturated for many years, is gradually maturing, and the industry is under pressure to oversupply. From 2014 to 2016, sales in the beer industry have fallen from 5.08 million litres to 4562.7 thousand litres, beer security periods are short and non-storageable, and businesses have begun to adjust their production to match sales.
Demand, from 4921.9 million litres in 2014 to 45,064,000 litres in 2016. Industry leaders slow down or stop expansion and optimize their productive capacity and personnel structure.
The concentration of the industry is slightly higher, but in absolute terms, the sales of the poles have not increased significantly. Second, sales are the lifeline of the beer industry, and sales have declined, tasted like rising flat-share costs of fixed assets, with the impact of erosion on profits, and businesses can only keep themselves by scavenging their share.
The market is the main base of Qingdao's beer, with more than 50% of its income, and the company has accelerated its restructuring to consolidate Shandong's market, increasing its share from 48% in 2014-2016. Meanwhile, the company has completed the expansion of its factories in Qingdao, Jaizawa, Bo-Yanhans, etc.
Quality development stage: high-end and structural upgrading acceleration Quality development phase (2016-2022) is characterized by changes in share and volume orientation, new breakthroughs in business quality and product upgrading, and a marked acceleration in corporate high-endization since 2020:
Companies on the product front have increased their promotion of new medium- and high-end products, continuously upgrading their product structure. Channels and regions have contracted inefficient channel inputs, increased inputs from medium- and high-end products, reversed vulnerable cities, closed backward and excess capacity, and expanded production lines for large plants and high- and medium-end products.
3. High end becomes the main melody, base market upgrades 3.1, mid- and upper-end, upgrades and high-ends become the main melody 3.1.1, brand: Focus master brand, medium- and high-end
The company focuses on the “1+1” dual brand strategy to create profits from the medium- and high-end “Qingdao” brand, to create markets with the relatively low-end “Kingshan” by-brand, and to create a hierarchical and hierarchical product system from the lower end to the higher end. The market strategy continues to focus on products above the upper end of the waist, and the classics of power.
Main brands and super-high-ends are growing steadily, and there is much room for product upgrading. The product structure of companies is extremely high, the branding ratio is constantly rising, the overall tonnage level is steadily rising, and the product structure is improving significantly.
There are two main approaches to upgrading: (1) first, up-scaling of products, where almost half of the company ' s sales are still concentrated on sub-brands, sub-brands are dominated by low-end products, and prices and Maori rates are low. In the long run, sub-brands are expected to continue upgrading to products above the main brand, and product structure and profitability are expected to continue to improve. (2) Canned product replacements are expected to continue to increase.
Bottled products, canned at a higher price than bottled, easier to transport, less vulnerable to damage, and canned more in non-current drinking channels, with moderate increases and less expensive inputs. Taken together, canned products are about 15% more profitable than bottled wine.
Figure 32: Super-high-end beer has been growing steadily since 2016 Figure 33: Stable sales of major brands except super-high-end since 2015 Figure 34: Decreased sales of relatively low-end by-brand beer since 2017
Products: Accelerating the roll-out of high-end new products with high-end codes and high-end product innovation. Companies have been at the forefront of the industry in terms of product quality and research and development.
The Division has stepped up its research and development efforts on high-end products through the continuous roll-out of high-end new products, such as amberlag, ipa smelt, and bgm series, to cater for the diversity and individualization of the high-end beer market, as well as through visual design.
Figure 36: Product innovation accelerated in 2020 with the introduction of new products such as amberlag, white beverages and fruit beverages, with a marked improvement in the image of packaging
3.1.3 Marketing and channels: Create new channels, create a national tide, sign a new brand, and promote the rejuvenation of brands. The company, which used to be dominated by sports marketing, began signing Huang Xiaoming as its spokesperson in 2016.
Music and tidal sound are elements of the theme “Breaking for fun,” creating a new brand label for Qingdao's beer. Huamong Woo, the rare new generation singer with the power to create and sing, loves young people after Ace to Ace, Singer, and after 00, helping Qingdao's beer to promote brand rejuvenation.
In 2020, the company started to build its own bars, improve its high-end beer channels, create high-end consumption scenes, and raise the brand of Qingshima beer. The bar is run by agents, etc., and the company pays a fee for the products, which are pure, Qingshima beer slurry, Pearson, ipa, black beverages, Amber Lager, etc.
By the end of 2020, more than 200 bars had been opened in 62 cities throughout the country. Although the previous bar was large and not yet large, it was in the long run conducive to creating a high-end atmosphere, creating a national tide, raising brands and promoting the spread of slogans, thereby promoting innovation in high-end products.
Figure 41: Qingdao beer bar channel Figure 42: Companies creating 1903 tidal waves 3.2 Regional market strategy: large scope for upgrading the base market
The new market strategy has increased product structural upgrading and profit orientation. Since the change of management in 2018, the new management has reoriented the regional market strategy, which has been driven by the overall market strategy of “becoming a base market in the great mountains, rising at a faster pace, reviving the coast, liberating the river”, leading to high quality through product structural upgrading and profit orientation.
In particular, the main regional market strategies have focused on the following: there is still much room for structural upgrading of the base market in Shandong, continued consolidation of advantages along the yellow market, sustained income and profit growth, a gradual recovery of the share of the coastal market, 3.2.1, Shandong and along the yellow market: faster growth, greater room for upgrading
It is the largest base market in Qingdao, with a rate of about 70% in Qingdao and a cost advantage in comparison with other beer factories. Similarly, in 2020, at $18.3 billion, the annual composite growth rate was 6.95%, with incomes exceeding 50%.
Market size is strong, and even with relatively low-end sub-brand ownership and relatively low product structure in Shandong, the profitability of Shandong markets is better than that of other markets in terms of indicators such as Māori rates, net interest rates, and so on. As companies increase the upgrading of base market products, there is much scope for upgrading future base markets.
Figure 44: Core base market plants such as Shandong and Shaanxi have had the largest number of factories: Figure 45: Māori ratio of major brands and sub-brands has remained stable since 2018. Figure 46: Tonne price of the Qingjia main brand is much higher than that of the Qingshan sub-brand. Figure 47: Shandong market is a corporate niche market (collected: hundreds of millions)
Figure 49: Steady growth in Shandong market revenues since 2015 (in billions of yuan) Figure 50: Qingdao's beer has the highest rate of Maori in Shandong market, increasing speed along the yellow market, connecting Shanxi to Shandong's broad advantage areas. The Yellow Basin includes Shaanxi, River.
In the provinces of North, Henan, Shanxi, which is another major base market for companies, the North China region, which is located in the “yellow” market, is the second largest market for companies, with earnings and profit scales second only to Shandong, with profits close to Shandong. The company has increased its “yellow” market depth and product structural upgrading to facilitate the opening of the North China market and Shandong market.
From 2016 to 2020, the North China market continued to grow, with a steady increase in profitability. In the future, the North China market is another advantage after Shandong, with a clear share of Qingdao's beer and market dominance, with a relatively low market structure and much scope for future upgrading.
Figure 51: Continued growth in the North China market since 2015 Figure 52: Māori in the North China area is moving closer to Shandong area 3.2.2 Coastal, riverine markets: share of coastal recovery, fighting for loss along the river
The “coastal” market is gradually recovering, and the “coastal” market is expected to lose. The coastal areas include the major consumer provinces of Guangdong, Zhejiang, Fujian, Hainan, where the market is relatively long, catering channels are relatively well developed, and markets are competitive.
The city-building rate is low, but the coastal beer market, especially at the middle and high ends, has a greater space, and Qingdao beer has a better brand base locally, so companies aim to restore profits and share, reduce cost efficiency, adjust channel inputs, reduce catering inputs, and mitigate malignant competition.
Millions of dollars, with sales costs falling by 5.2 pct on a year-to-year basis, a net profit of $80 million. The market company along the river has been relatively weak, with a weak scale effect, with little likelihood of further increases in the future, and is expected to continue with structural adjustments, lower fees, figure 55: Companies have significantly reduced sales costs in South China (in billions)
Figure 56: In 2018, the South China region achieved a reversal of losses into profits and savings, and improved incentives for middle- and senior-level equity incentives. The company’s major shareholders have always been the Qingdao City State Finance Committee, with the second largest shareholder ranking.
On March 23, 2020, the Qingdao Beers announced a draft equity incentive scheme to award 13.5 million restricted shares, or about 1% of the company’s total equity, to the incentive audience.
Coverage includes eight board members, company executives, and other company core managers, middle managers, and core cadres (no more than 652). The introduction of equity incentives has significantly improved mid-level and high-level incentives, wider mobility of staff, and has taken a critical step from the old state-owned system.
Since 2014, the demand for and sales of beer have stabilized, the alcohol industry has started a high-quality development with high-end and operational effectiveness. The total number of company employees and first-line salesmen has been shrinking year after year, with the closing down of factories, retirements, etc. And companies have increased their cash incentives for first-line salesmen.
To increase first-line employee motivation, average first-line sales staff treatment has increased since 2014 from 70,000 to 2020. Figure 57: Promoted change in mixed ownership following reintroduction as the second largest shareholder. Table 2: Equity incentives cover most of the core workforce
Table 3: Incentive indicators are based on net profit growth, roe and relative ranking The net corporate asset return in 2020 was no less than 8.1 per cent and not less than the average of the industry or the 75-square value of the target enterprise.
In 2020, the share of income from the main business was no less than 90 per cent of the operating income; the average growth was no less than the sum of the net profit growth of the target enterprise; and the share of income from the main business was no less than 90 per cent of the operating income in 2021.
Average growth is no less than the sum of net profit growth for the target firm. Main business income as a share of operating income in 2022 was no less than 90 per cent
The cost of wheat is expected to rise in mid-digits a year, and costs such as aluminium, boars, etc. are volatile in the short term and still need to be observed. Core assumption three: companies improve management and marketing employee incentives, cost controls are expected to improve, and profit elasticity is expected to increase.
Beers, Huayun, Bae Wei Asia-Pacific, Yanjing, and Joojiang are comparable companies, valued below the industry average and comparable to the Huayun beer valuation. The beneficiary industries have increased consumption, improved patterns, high-end companies have achieved significant strategic results, and profits are expected to gradually release elasticity, with the first coverage rated as “plus”.
The demand for beer continues to be at risk of weakness. Since the outbreak, demand for food and consumption has been weak, the terminal has been shut down more, beer now has a higher channel, if demand for food continues to be weak, or it has an impact on the process of high-end beer.
The price of aluminum, paper boxes, boulders and bulk raw materials has been rising steadily since 2021, with a higher share of raw materials. If the price of raw materials has risen rapidly in 2022, or the company’s profitability has been suppressed, competition has increased the risk. Beer taps have increased high-end inputs, and marketing and extension costs have increased with the city.
The scene is saturated and competition may increase.