China's consumer industry, Qingdao's beer, 100-year brand revival road, long way off.
For the first time, in the past five years, China’s beer industry has shifted from an increase in sales to a price-driven one. We believe that China’s beer industry is one of the largest and most visible consumer plates in China’s consumption sector.
In the past, the industry as a whole has benefited from the trend towards high-end industry, which we believe will be divided over the next five years, and only Chinese beer players with high product power, good channel power, strong capital performance and fast-growing capacity will be able to enjoy the dividends of rising consumer consumption in China and eventually become kings of the high-end beer market.
RYAN (Director, Research Department) Qingdao Beer (168.hk/60000.ch): 100 years
Qingdao beer, brand rejuvenation road, long road block, we first covered Qingdao beer (168.hk) and Qingdao beer (60000.ch).
...higher-end space is less likely than the major competitors: we recognize the powerful brand power and wide audience of the stock-priced areas of the high-end beer market in China within 52 weeks. Its long-standing branding history makes it possible to produce beer in the country.
Play at home has a stronger country. But we must also be conscious of the fact that there are (i) high-end products themselves, (ii) a weak combination of high-end products, and a lack of international goods, which are traded almost on March (million Hong Kong dollars)
Cards, (3) single brands cover multi-price bands, which are likely to have some limitations on the future process of continued high-end growth. This explains why the growth of high-end products has been slower than that of China and China in the past few years.
• The base market faces intense competition: while covering the national market, the Shandong region still contributes about 56% of the company’s income and 60% of its net profits. However, Hua-yun recently marched into Shan-dong market with high-end beer brands under its flag and opened in July this year in Jinan-Chun.
The construction of the new plant (70,000 litres of capacity) is a clear demonstration of Hua Yun's ambition for Shandong market. We do not rule out Hua Yu's ability to squeeze a share of the high-end beer market in Shandong. Qingdao's beer.
• The introduction of strategic investors has not worked well: many times in the history of green beads have been introduced to strategic investors (including Uyembo, the Sun and the Stars Group), but on each occasion they have not worked well enough to produce an effective synergy. This also shows the difference between green bells in capital operations and Hua Yu.
• Valuation: we use 16xev/ebitda (the 30% premium level relative to the average international brand value); we use 23x2022eev/ebitda (45% premium relative to h shares) for brackisha
• Investment risk: downside risks include: (1) slowdown in overall industry demand; (2) encroachment on the Shandong market; (3) recurrent and persistent impact of the epidemic on the catering industry; (4) higher than expected prices of raw materials; and (5) significant re-occupation. Upward risks include: (1) slow competition in the industry.
e = Silver & Silver International Prediction Pilgrim International Qingjia Beer (168.hk/600600.ch):
The 100-year-old brand revival road, the long-standing brand culture that laid the foundations of the country, was first founded in 1903, and was preceded by German beer co-founded by the two countries in Qingdao.
As one of the oldest Chinese beers brands, the green beers is very high in the hearts of Chinese consumers. Green beers is also the first Chinese beer brand to walk out of the country and become an international representative of the Chinese beers brand.
Qingdao's beer sales were once ranked first in China's beer industry. Despite being overtaken by China in 2006, Qingdao maintained its second position in Chinese beer sales for more than a decade.
Qingjia’s share of the market is now ranked third in the industry after Hua Yun's beer. According to Kantar’s top-chosen Chinese beverage brand in 2020, Qingshima’s beer ranked 12th, and Snowflake’s seventh.
Even though the market is not as good as the market, according to our research, the brand value of green bean is still above the snow. This is consistent with the worldbrandlab ranking.
Qingdao's powerful branding power is linked to its long-standing brand culture and history, as well as its higher-end city.
Because, over the past three to four years, companies have continued to adopt innovative and up-to-date marketing models, including cross-border marketing activities, in the hope of creating a brand image of China's beer-country representatives by integrating fashion with classics, thereby attracting more attention from young people.
Chart 9: Fashion Week with Tide Npc in 2019
Chitti Pil-Yin International is more likely to have less high-end space than the main competitor.
Qingdao's beer was the first to begin the high-end process among all the well-known brands of beer produced in the country. As early as 1998, the company introduced its high-end product, Qingdao Pure. Its cleanness was quickly recognized by consumers, allowing Qingdao beer to take its place in the high-end beer market in China.
According to globaldata, Qingdata beer accounted for 14.4 per cent of total sales in China ' s high-end and ultra-high-end beer market in 2018, after 46.6 per cent in Bwawe. In 2020, Qingdao beer and higher-end products accounted for 23 per cent of total sales of Qingdao beer, while the share rose further in the first half of 2021.
Given the higher sales of high-end products, the average unit price for sales in 2020 was about 23% higher than that of Huayun and Yanjing, respectively. However, we have three concerns about the future ability of green bean to continue high-end and product-structure upgrading:
(1) As the first high-end beer brand in China’s beer industry, the average ton price of green beer is already at a higher level than that of the main country’s product plate. This may also make it more likely to raise the ton price by building up and upgrading it with less space and more resistance than other national beer brands;
The broad price belt (from mainstream to super-high) of Aoshima's single brand of beer has the potential to create a lack of clarity about branding and to bring some value to its brand strategy in high-end markets, with a single brand of Aoshima's beer at high-end prices.
The branding of green beverages is a little more monolithic and uncompetitive than that of a number of internationally renowned players:
The evolution of branding strategies, through constant combing of internal brands, has evolved and evolved over time, from the earliest 1+3 to the later 1+1+n, to the final evolution of the brand strategy, which was dominated by green beaks.
The brand, the second brand of 1+1 brands, and the evolution of the company’s strategy can be seen that the company’s early investment of more resources on the sub-brands did not really establish a strategy for focusing on the Qingdao brand until 2018.
This explains why the sales of Qingdao's brand were reduced year by year until 2018. It was only after the company began to focus on Qingdao's brand development in 2018 that the sales contribution of the Qingdao brand began.
This reflects management’s lack of clear direction in the early design of branding strategies, as well as its lack of commitment to the trend toward high-end domestic beer industry. On the other hand, Qingdao beer brands cover companies’ price bands from the general public to the super-high.
The brand strategy for Aoshima's beer is relatively homogeneous, and it is more difficult to develop a more sophisticated and sophisticated brand strategy.
The company has been launching a number of high-end products, including August, Qingdao Black and Hong Kong, to cover Pui Ying International, but, due to the company's lack of firm and effective high-end strategies, market input and high-end products have been introduced.
In the period 2012 - 2020, sales of high-end products under the Qingdao beer flag increased by less than 2%, and high-end, it seems to us that Qingdao beer is now a combination of products with Huayun beer and Bwai at higher-end and above-priced prices.
Asia and the Pacific and Chongqing have a certain disadvantage compared to beer, and there is a lack of competitive international brands in their product arrays. This will prevent beer from meeting high-end consumers who prefer international brands.
It is not recognized that the high end of Qingdao’s products seems to be less competitive than some international beer brands for some ultra-high-end drinking channels (high-end night, private clubs, high-level bars). The base market is facing intense competition.
Despite being a national beer business, the base market in Shandong still contributes about 56% of the company’s income and 60% of its net profits. As can be seen, both in terms of income and profit, the barber is heavily dependent on the Shandong region.
In addition to Shandong, China’s northern region is the second largest market, with a share of 20% in 2020. Among these, it has a certain advantage in Shanxi, Shanxi, and Hebei.
In the regions with the fastest growth in youth, cagr has reached 5.2 per cent in the last three years, and based on its competitive advantages in the markets of Shandong, Shanxi, Shanxi and Hebei, companies have proposed a “Strategist along the Yellow River” in the hope of building on the resource advantages of strong markets, leading to the growth of neighbouring markets and upgrading them.
In all the provinces along the Yellow River, we believe that the green bean is expected to increase its market share further in Henan.
Strong markets (Sandong, Shanxi, Shaanxi) are surrounded, making it easier to create synergies and scale effects in terms of production, transportation, and channels. In contrast, Sichuan and Inner Mongolia are base markets for Hua Yu and Yinking, respectively, so we believe that it is very difficult to do too much in these two provinces.
It's worth noting that Huo-Yun has recently marched into Shandong market with powerful high-end beer products under his flag, including Chinese and international brands.
To reach 700,000 litres. Given that Hua Yun has been able to optimize production over the past four years, having shut down 33 factories throughout the country, he has chosen to build a new production capacity in Jinan Qiu, which is enough to see the ambition of Hua Yun's beer against Shandong City.
We recognize that, in terms of brands and channels, the brussels in the mid- and low-end markets of Shandong have formed a stronger moat and a strong mass base. But as the Shandong beer market increases consumption, we do not rule out the possibility that Huo-Yun's aggressive attack could squeeze the broom to some extent.
As a result, ensuring that base markets such as Shandong do not lose their share of the market is crucial to the green beer market. The profitability of vulnerable regions needs to be improved.
In a fiercely competitive pattern, companies have to maintain their market position through price pressure or marketing. It also creates a market-rich rate in East and South-East China that is much lower than in such powerful areas as Shandong and North China, and sells at the same time.
The sales rate is much higher than in the strong regions, resulting in a long-term loss. The blisters, with their greater promotion and lower production efficiency in the coastal areas, are largely delaying the overall profit margin level.
Faced with successive losses along the coast of China, the company decided to close down the plant to improve productivity and productivity. In 2018, the company closed two factories and three others closed down in 2019.
Four of the five plants are located in the eastern coastal region. Although the epidemic slowed down the pace of the company’s closure, we believe that the company will further close down and integrate some of the inefficient plants over the next three to four years, thereby increasing the capacity of the company as a whole and reducing the company’s capacity.
In the first quarter of 2020, the company launched its first equity incentive scheme since it was listed.
619 employees, including the Chairman of the Board, the Executive Director, senior management and other core cadres, granted the company a three-package release of the sales restrictions, which, in our view, would be reasonable in the following areas:
(1) This equity incentive is to test the profitability of the company. This reflects the shift in the company’s strategy from pursuing income size to pursuing high-quality profitability. We believe that this shift is in line with the high-end, de-productivity and overall profitability of the current Chinese beer industry.
Performance as a condition of release. This design adequately prevents management from artificially manipulating performance in the short term in order to meet the conditions of release and prompts management to focus on a strategic approach to increasing profitability that is sustainable.
In setting the conditions for lifting the ban, companies have taken full account of the impact of the epidemic on the beer industry, both as an incentive for management to continue to perform relatively well during the epidemic and as a means of ensuring that the profit targets are in line with the current industry environment.
We believe that the introduction of equity incentives has indeed increased short-term business performance to some extent. However, as equity incentives have come to an end, we believe that the most urgent task for management is to build.
Ping-Ying International has introduced strategic investors that are not working well.
The Qingdao Beers Group (100% of the Qingdao State Treasury Holdings) currently holds 32.5% of the stock of the company (a+h) and is the largest shareholder of the company. As a typical state-owned enterprise, it has been introduced to help companies develop better in the long term in order to achieve a more professional business management and production technology.
Like Sabmiller’s investment in Huayun, Bwi Yingbo’s investment in Xiao Yu is more and more in Qingyu than in the stock-investment level, and has not dug deeper into production, channels, branding, etc.
Strategic cooperation is possible. This has led to the fact that international beer giants have not been able to invest more clearly, especially in the eight years that Japan has been the second-largest shareholder in Qingjia, where the position has been severely challenged by Hua Yun and Bae Wei, where market shares have been overtaken, and where it has not been possible to take advantage of the green bean channel in China.
During the three years of 2014 - 16, there was a sharp decline in the profit-making capacity of the blisters. In December 2017, the Restar Group took 17.99% of the stock of the blisters from Japan at a price of $6.6 billion, becoming the second largest shareholder of the blisters.
Cooperative framework agreements, and the desire to cooperate in marketing, marketing, branding, and business development. As a large grouping company, however, the lack of operational management experience in the beer industry has also led to greater limitations on the synergy between the two.
Even more worrying to the market is the fact that the reinstar has lost its share in the second-tier market several times since May 2019. By the third quarter of 2021, the reinstar held only 7.84% of its share.
However, this will not affect the future long-term focus on state-owned enterprise reform, enhancing the company’s operations and profitability by introducing more high-quality strategic investors.
We expect that Qingdao's brand will grow faster in the next three years than the by-brand, and that its main brand sales will be driven mainly by its high-end products under Qingdao's brand. However, given the single brand strategy and product mix of the green beers in high-end beer prices, I
They think that the speed of higher-end green beverages is slower than the competitive ones (e.g., Chinese beer at the lower end of the price with the product). So we predict that the overall sales of green beverages will increase by the same amount in 2021-2023 - 1 - due to the increase in product structure and price increases to counter cost pressures.
Since the second half of 2021, the entire beer industry has been under a lot of cost pressure. We anticipate.
In the second half of 2021, the maorigina rate will be roughly the same. However, we expect that the product structure will be upgraded and the appropriate price increases will help to offset the cost pressure in 2022, and the profit margin will continue to expand.
We predict a slight increase in the overall operating cost rate of the birch in 2021 over the same period, mainly due to the recognition of share payments for the restrictive stock incentive scheme implemented during the reporting period, as well as the reduction of the Māori increase combined with the operating cost rate for the same period, which will help Qingdao's core operating profit margin for beer.
We predict that, with the help of a significant increase in the Māori rate, the net profit of the baloney will increase by 30 per cent in the same year in 2021. However, as the expansion of the Māori rate diminishes and the same ratio of government subsidies decreases, the core net profit of the baloney will also slow down to less than 10 per cent in 2022.
We're predicting that the core net profit margin of the green bean will expand from 150 bps to 9.4% in 2021, and that over the next three years, the expansion of the core net profit margin of the Qingdao beer will offset the decline in financial leverage and lead to an increase in asset yields.
In our view, the beer has a healthier cash flow and balance sheet. The debt level is lower and the net cash level is higher. We expect the net cash in Qingdao beers to be in 2020 - Qingdao beers (168.hk)
Despite the broad market base that many markets in China now have, Qingdao's beer is less than Chinese beer and Chongqing's beer in the product group, and the high-end space is relatively small. So we give it a 30% estimated premium against the international beer industry.
Qingdao beer (600600.ch) over the past 24 months, the average dynamic of the Qingjia unit was about 45% higher than the dynamic p/e unit. We do not think this valuation gap will be reduced in the short term.
Therefore, we use 23 x 2022ev/ebitda (a 45% premium relative to the green beverages) to rate a Qingdao beer (a share). The downside risks that Aoshima's share prices may face include:
(b) The recurrent and persistent impact of the epidemic on the catering industry;
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios - h-unit Figure 49: Aoshima Beersh Unit (168.hk) Spdbi scenarios
(b) Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected and higher prices for raw materials are lower than expected than the Māori rate;
(b) The company's operating profit margin in 2022 increased by 100 bps in comparison to the year.
Promising and pessimistic scenario -- a share-optimistic scenario: corporate income growth is better than expected Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is less than expected
(b) Higher-end sales are better than expected;
The company's profit margin in 2022 grew by 100 bps on a year-on-year basis.Pu Yingjia International, formerly a state-owned Qingdao beer factory, was founded in 1903 and is the oldest beer student in China.
The company was registered on 16 June 1993 and subsequently issued a h share in Hong Kong and placed on the Hong Kong joint stock on 15 July (stock number 00168.hk) as the first domestic enterprise to be listed abroad, issued a share in the country in July of the same year and placed on the market on 27 August.
The company owns 60 fully-owned and controlled beer-producing enterprises in the country, as well as two joint and joint beer-producing enterprises, located in 20 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, with the size and market share leading the beer industry in the country.
The company owns one of our first ten brands, with strong brand influence and high visibility in domestic and foreign markets, and has been sold to more than a hundred countries and territories around the world. The market for Qingjia beer products has been promoted and sold mainly in the middle and high-end beer consumption markets and has remained in the country.
Intra-middle and upper-end markets lead. Other beer brands, which are represented by “shoyama beer”, promote public consumption and market sales, together with major brand products, constitute a well-developed brand and product structure that covers the national market and meets different levels of market consumption demand.
In terms of development strategies, companies emphasize the need to implement the strategic belts for building base markets, accelerate product structural upgrading, enhance brand influence, shape the quality of charm, expand international markets, and scale up, in line with the six strategic directions of “brand leadership, innovation drive, quality first, efficiency priorities, structural optimization and coordinated development”
Strategic initiatives such as smart-up enabler operations continue to be determined to be strong in the big beer industry, to enhance the competitiveness of business markets and achieve high-quality sustainable development, and on marketing channels, companies set up the Qingdao Beer Marketing Centre, which is responsible for marketing and management, marketing and marketing of products.
At the same time, on the basis of a subregional deep distribution model, in the domestic market, innovative practices are being developed for the expansion of multi-link lines. Product sales and market management by market region and channel are being developed to foster multi-channel professional distributors. As of December 2020, the domestic market is being marketed.
There are 14,417 businesses. Companies innovate and continuously expand the “Internet+” channel system, set up power channels, magnify the “official flagship + official mall + online retailer + distribution store” and take the lead in e-commerce channels. Sales in overseas markets are channelled through offshore subsidiaries and local agents.
Financially, the company earned 27,760 million yuan in 2020, of which the Qingdao brand contributed about 63 per cent; the net profit of the company was 2.2 billion yuan and the net interest rate of the mother was 7.9 per cent.
Pil-Yin International, Pil-Yin-Yin International, Pil-Yin-Yin International
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spob International, Pilgrim International, Spobnational.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
All information is collected and circulated to anyone. No one can use any information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations, and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pilgrim International Securities. Pilgrim International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.
The International Securities Initiative (ISI) recommends that investors should independently assess the information contained in this report, taking into account their own specific investment objectives, financial position and needs, and appoint such legal, commercial, financial, tax or other professional advisers as they deem necessary before participating in the transactions concerning the securities of the companies mentioned in the report. Only the securities of the companies mentioned in the report may not necessarily be available in all jurisdictions or countries or for all categories of investors. For some jurisdictions or countries, distribution,
It is not intended to be distributed to or used by any person or entity in such jurisdiction or country. The report is provided only to the “principal investor” as defined in United States Rule 15a-6 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and is not available to any other person.
This report is not issued by an accredited person as defined in section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ( " fsma " ), nor has it been approved in this report.
As a result, this report will not be sent to or communicated to the British public. It will be made available only to eligible investors (in the sense of the Financial Services and Markets Act), i.e. (i) investment professionals with professional experience in investment, as defined in section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2005 (the “Financial Extension Order”), or (ii) to high-value entities within the scope of section 49(2)(a)-(d) of the Order, or (iii) other persons who may legally communicate with them (all)
These persons are referred to collectively as “persons concerned” and are not subject to, or dependent on, this report or any of its contents.