002074.sz: A number of new items released on May 20, 2025, and the process of industrialization of solid-state batteries speeded up.
On 16-17 May, the company organized the 2025 Global Conference on Science and Technology at the National High School, where the main business of the National High School Company, Inc., was the production of lithium batteries and the production of the gas.
The main products are lithium power, 20 mwhh storage battery systems, axtrem digital intelligence solutions and goldstones.
The process of industrialization of firm-state batteries continues to accelerate. Two solid-state batteries have been released at this company's Science and Technology Conference.
Technology-related products, including newly released “g-barrel” quasi-solid-state batteries, using 197ah square cores, with a core energy density of more than 300wh/kg and a system energy density of more than 235wh/kg, with a new energy vehicle capable of achieving 1,000 km in range, while applying the scene to cover vtol, human robots, etc.
52-week share price range ($) in new area, the product is now in the client validation phase, more than five customer core sample tests have been completed and four customers have been on board, and the total mileage of model "001" with G-segregated solid-state batteries is over 10,000
Kilometres; the company also announced in the General Assembly that the industrialization of the total solid-state cell of the sulphide “Goldstone” released last year had made significant progress and that at this stage the product's core and cell energy density could reach 3,50/280wh/kg, respectively
The company has planned 12gwh “gw” circulation b/h (millions) for the production of the solid-state battery, while the first 0.2gwh full-state battery test line has been constructed.
Designed by the company itself, the core equipment has a national production rate of 100%, achieved through key technologies such as high-precision coatings, which are more than 90% good products, and the company has fully started the first generation of 2gwhe full solid battery production lines. We believe that the company is now entering the phase of industrialization of solid battery technology.
Multi-client forward product certification is expected to accelerate the commercialization of the products, and companies are expected to remain at the forefront of the wave of solid-state battery technology innovation. Product matrices are upgraded, and companies are expected to increase their output.
The power and storage of new products in multiple fields, such as cores, g-line heavy-card battery standard boxes, and the dry-consumption 20mwh energy battery system, of which the two generations of "Announcer" and "G-line" products overlapped with commercial vehicle renewal and fast-loading, with an emphasis on life cycle and safety.
Yes, the dry-consumption storage system, with its core advantages, such as the world's largest single-class capacity and 25 years of design life, has been placed on an in-built and intended project order of more than 6 gwh. The company, with its continued expansion of the product matrix dimensions in recent years, has been able to expand its high-quality customers globally, and has achieved a rapid increase in the volume of products delivered, driven by the momentum.
The Battery Industries Innovation Alliance and Sneresearch data, the company 2025q1 China and overseas build-up, the single concentration of products in small, new-energy vehicles, and the company now has a rich product system that covers a wide range of areas, fully meets the diverse product needs of downstream customers, and combines its own battery skills.
Continued innovation, and a high increase in the size of the company’s output. Investment rating: company magnification and iterative upgrading at the end of the product is expected to result in a sustained increase in profits, s14852404001
In conjunction with the acceleration of the industrialization of firm solid battery technology and the gradual outcome of overseas deployments, the competitive advantage of future companies is expected to continue to emerge, and we look forward to the long-term growth of companies, maintaining the risk of “a strong push for the growth of the world's output below expectations, higher prices for raw materials, increased competition in the industry, etc.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, the source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, the source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, the release of many new items, the speed of the process of industrialization of the solid batteries, the source of the wealth and the flourishing of the East.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, Wu Xingyang.
Ho Ha Qing is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.