National High School (002074.sz): Global share May 13, 2025 Upgraded and overseas business expansion steadily advanced
The main business of the company is the powered lithium battery and the 100 million yuan, equivalent to +12.0 per cent; the net return to the mother is $1,207 million, corresponding to +28.6 per cent for the 25q1 company.
For power batteries, the share of domestic and foreign power cell markets has increased the same year, with the share of domestic and foreign power cells installed at 4.6%.
52-week share price range ($) +0.5 pct, ranked fourth, with a continuous increase in the volume of customer end sales associated with Gilly, Chir and Zero; 3.2 per cent share of global market installed, compared to 0.9 pc, of which the company ' s lithium battery is ranked globally in terms of size
The product matrix is further enriched by the 5mwh storage of liquid cold container products. We believe that the load of the company's third and fourth-generation battery products in the "Star Circulation b Unit/h Unit (million shares) in the morning" and "g-hour" combines more than 40% of its key sources.
Cost control is excellent, leading to higher profits. Companies’ cost-side control has maintained a steady downward trend in recent years, largely as a result of the company’s continued promotion of fine management, as well as of the rules governing the operations of the main business.
On the profit end, the company achieved a sustained net-mortality reduction efficiency of 24/25q1 year-round, and its profitability in the context of increased industrial competition has been steadily increasing since 2021, with global competitive advantages expected to continue to be released. The company’s global strategic layout continues to be sustained.
Further, in 24 years, the company Viet Nam +pack production base was completed in phase 5gwh, and project two is planned, while a total of 40gwh +pack in Europe, Slovakia and Morocco in North Africa, is in the process of being put in place and is expected to land gradually in 2026-2027. The company is steadily moving forward with the strategic layout of globalization, and it is hoped that it will be able to do so.
Achieving multiple breakthroughs in overseas markets, coupled with localization of productive capacities, will increase the competitive cost of firms in overseas markets and provide more flexible supply capacity for companies in a potentially geopolitical and trade friction environment
Strength. We see the potential for increasing the share of global competition in the context of the company’s continued push for overseas operations. s148051611001 Profit forecasting and investment rating: the profits increase from the company’s continuous upscaling at the end of the product, and the opening of the overseas layout.
As a result, global competitive advantage is expected to continue to emerge in the future, taking into account the company’s process of industrialization of solid battery technology, the inability to build the world’s output, the higher prices of raw materials, increased competition in the industry, and the risks of higher expectations.
002074.sz: Global share rises, overseas business expansion progresses steadily, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
National High School (002074.sz): Global share rises, overseas business expansions are steadily advancing, the source of financial prosperity in the East is Wu Xingyang.
Ho Ha Qing is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.