Performance meets expectations, high-quality clients continue to break through $9.05 billion, or +60.61 per cent; net profit on return to mothers is $101 million, or +45.55 per cent; \triangleright
Dom Young-kang, sit-in, high-tech lead, high-yield storage, high-yielding. 24 years of company roll-out, starry morning, and so on.
Batteries and the release of the first generation of fully solid-state “Goldstone” batteries, technological innovation in solid-state batteries, dynamic storage, steady and steady development. For power batteries, 24 years, the company's global-powered lithium battery, Lee Hyo Peng.
The industry chain is solid, and high-quality customers continue to break through. Companies have built a system of whole-sector chains from raw materials to battery production and product \triangleright applications to battery recycling to achieve a self-supply rate of over 40% of critical raw materials.
Resource end: Core mineral resources such as the company ' s lithium mine, Indonesian nickel resources and the Argentine Salt Lake, assessed in the semi-annual report of 2024 by 1. Gonaco (002074.sz): rising profitability in the sea and consolidation of long-term advantages by new technologies
(b) Battery-making ends: the company has built production bases in various parts of the country, including Fatty, Kiyo City, 6-2024/08/29 An, Chen, Nanjing, Tangshan, Qingjia, Yichun, Liu, etc.
(iii) Downstream application end: companies and a large number of whole companies report a round-the-clock review of 24 years: high performance, global strategic deployment stocks, industry and storage system integrators have established close strategic partnerships to support sustained growth.
Accelerating 2024/04/21 The Division is also active in the layout of the battery recovery network to construct a “production-application-regeneration” green closed ring.
In-depth report (002074.sz) on the industrial chain, considering that companies are actively building integrated industrial chains, are leading the process and maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.