The year 2021: Performance meets our expectations and looks forward to the future of the company Events: the company released its mid-2021 report, which achieved operating income of $1.81 billion, an increase of 16.5 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the parent company of $340 million, an increase of 18.7 per cent over the same period; and the net return to the parent.
Three hundred and thirty-three million yuan, an increase of 19.5 per cent over the same period. 55 slurry at camp slurry stations amounted to 874.89 tons, an increase of 177.67 tons over the same period in 2020 (last year affected by the epidemic, slurry stopped to varying degrees in January-March), an increase of 74.14 per cent over the same period in 2019.
The company's reserves are extremely rich and the industry is prominent, and given the expected rapid growth in the number of industrial slurry stations during the period 10-45, we expect the company to build on a strong shareholder background to achieve a rapid increase in the number of slurry stations. Overall, it is expected that there will be a rapid increase in the number of slurry stations.
From a single-station slurry perspective, as new products are approved, and as the costs of slurry are reduced as a result of increased slurry, many of the company’s core business indicators are expected to be more flexible. The R & D pipeline is constantly delivering: 1) In terms of new capacity, the subsidiary is a permanent-life blood project in Dodu.
In Shanghai, the Yunnan base was designed to produce 1,200 tons of capacity, and the Insein Blood Project completed the human blood 1, the Terrestrial Organisms (600161); the process of certification of products such as new proteins and human immunoglobins; and the restructuring of the cdensity factor production in Chengdu.
The slurry station was continuously delivered, and the workshop project in the company began to reorganize the main structure of the workshops and animal houses and completed the construction of the underground garage;
The Shanghai Blood Yunnan Project has largely completed the installation of the general workshop, the separation workshop, etc., and construction work has begun on the outdoors of the complex, the office complex and the Land Blood Production Base project, which completed surveying, scheduling and supervision of the tenders. (2) In terms of product lines, the ii phase of the ii phase of the Chengdu reassembly of the human cdensation factor viii
Testee completes grouping; fourth-generation IDU immunoprotein in the country - Chengdu Rin; Immunoprotein (ph4, 10%) iii clinical testee completes grouping; giant-cell virus humans are exempt; pelvic proteiniii clinical testee is well organized; L.A. blood-celebrosis primary iii
The test was completed and the original compound of the Tungyu human creosote was examined at the gmp site. The corresponding valuation was 58 times, 48 times and 39 times, respectively, and the “buy-in” rating was maintained.