In the first half of the year, 55 companies were operating.
In the first half of the year, the slurry station ceased to be slurry operations to varying degrees in the first half of the year, with a recovery rate of 25.48 per cent; in the case of the financial needs of the slurry station, the establishment, replenishment, purchase of the slurry station belonging to the blood company was approved.
Major equity investments such as land, transformation, separation, and support for endogenous growth. Thanks to the powerful branding influence of the Drug Group and China Biostats, the company’s slurry station expansion has accelerated. To date, the company has established new counties, Young-din, Jin-jung, Kang, Ping, etc., in Gansu, Hebei, Jiangsu, etc.
In the first half of the year, the company took two clinical batches and five clinical studies that went well; the Chengdu Yong-seong project, and the Shanghai Blood Clouds project.
The South Project, the Chengdu Luen Reorganization Coagulation Factor Project, and the Lanzhou Blood Industry Base Project are moving forward in an orderly manner. The total number of terminals covered is 19,750, an increase of 68.46 per cent over the same period, with 12,247 medical facilities, an increase of 57.07 per cent over the same period, and 7,323 retail pharmacies.
The network of channels is strongly supported, and the long-term growth space continues to be favourable. Zhao Bowoo’s magma station is not expanding as expected; the new magma station is generating an increase in capital spending and depreciation amortization; and the build-up of capacity is progressing.
In the first half of the year, the number of people working outside the country has increased, and the new edition of the Chinese Pharmacy Book came into force on 30 December 2020.
In the first half of the year, 55 companies collected 874.89 tons of plasma at industrial plasma stations, an increase of 177.67 tons compared to the same period last year.
During the first half of 2020, slurry operations were halted to varying degrees at the slurry station, and the work on the new slurry station was continuing. On August 25, 2021, the company established two new slurry stations in Kanzhou, in Lanzhou. To date, 12 new slurry stations have been established, among them:
The registration of the six slurry stations in Yongjeng, Jinjung, Jilan and Gwan Valley has been completed, and the project to acquire land at the white slurry station is proceeding in an orderly manner.
In the first half of the year, the company obtained two clinical batches: the first in the country to obtain a protocol for the approval of pharmaceutical clinical trials, and the restructuring of the human condensation factor, Via, was approved for the clinical trials of drugs.
The five clinical studies are well under way, with the recombinant human coagulation factor viiiiii. The fourth generation of intravenous injections in the country, the human immunoglobin - the chronic immunostatic immunoglobin (ph4, 10%)ii clinical trials.
The testee completes the grouping; the testee for the human immuno-viral ion proteinii period is successfully assembled; the testee for the iii phase of the human blood-celebrosis complex in Lanzhou is completed; the testee is successfully examined through the gmp.
▪ During the first half of the year, the company Chengdu Yongzhengin is in the gmp certification preparation and project settlement phase; the Shanghai Blood Project has completed all single-body structural construction, fully integrated into electromechanical installation, and the public facilities engineering equipment is on the move; and the Chengdu Luang Reassembled Coagnosis Unit project has been reorganized
Workshop infrastructure construction, structure ~0 construction, the main structure of which was capped on 30 July; the blood industry base project in Lanzhou is in the design phase.  In the first half of the year, the company covered a total of 19,750 terminals, an increase of 68.46 per cent compared with the previous year.
It covered 12,247, an increase of 57.07 per cent over the same period, and 7,323 retail pharmacies, an increase of 91.70 per cent over the same year. The company continued to install the pole hospital while strengthening its outreach to the pole hospital.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment