Health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences perform better than expected, slurry sources are highly accessible and slurry levels are sustainable 12.7 per cent sustained 12.7 per cent q2 affected by the epidemic in 20 years, with a drop in income. q1 and q2 achieved net repatriation, respectively.
The growth in performance was 16.0 per cent, 15.4 per cent, compared to 2019, compared with the increase in issuances disclosed by the Central Court of Justice, where companies are expected to have stock buffers and performance growth is expected to exceed our expectations.
2.47 million, 11 per cent less than the same year, 1.61 million, or 4 per cent less than the same year. Total equity/flow (million shares)
The annual slurry volume increased slightly from the same level as 2019, and slurry increased again in the first half of the 21st year, and in 2021, it was expected that the Young-Ann project project was well under way and that the capacity of the company to acquire the slurry sources of the seven new slurry stations (including the slurry stations) was validated.
It was announced that six new slurry stations were created in the first half of the year (Hong Ning, Hing, Hing, Qing Quan, Qing Xiang, Qing Xian, Xiang, Xin, and a branch station (Wuhan Yangxi) were expected to benefit from 2020-2023 in Yunnan Province
Plasma station set-up planning, slurry growth slurry slurry slurry slurry slurry slurry stations, mainly located in Jiangsu Xuanning County, Hebei Ping City, Gansu Qingyang Qun County, Step by Step - 2021/01/10
Gansu, Gansu Qingyang, Gansu Qingyang and Wuhan Xingyang.
Long-duration, growth path clears the company's ability to continue to receive more slurry stations, and, in terms of its ability to access the resources of the slurry stations, the planetary bioeconomy has the advantage of other blood products that the company cannot afford. We expect the man to have.
The new slurry station will continue to be approved, and the Chengdu Yong-seong project will proceed well, and the production capacity of Chengdu-eun will be released on schedule and will be added to the new product line, with a significant improvement in performance as the slurry continues to expand.
(b) The annual plan is to complete pilot production, process validation, and enter the formal production order through an on-site examination of gmp.
q1 is better off, and market access for yellow artemisinin dropsters is expected to improve significantly. According to the announcement, enzyme compounds were approved for listing by the end of 2020, heavy pounds were expected.
Human fibrous proteins will be marketed in 2023, with investment suggestions: scarce growth-logical blood industry, clear growth paths, high certainty, and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating.
Qualitative and growth space sufficiency to maintain a “buy-in” rating as a country’s scarce, growth-oriented blood industry. Perceived risks, long-lasting blood construction less than expected, new slurry stations less than expected.
Research and development progress is less than expected and increases the risk of failure.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.