Sinjiyama testimony of an arctic organisms (600161.sz)
Reasons for the report: semi-annual reports, continuing improvement in performance, leading to a 16.50 per cent increase in blood products; net profit of 337 million yuan, an increase of 18.75 per cent in comparison with the previous year; achievement of deductions
q2 performance has continued to increase, and blood products have become more prominent. 2021q2 companies have achieved an operating income of 964 million yuan, an increase of 20.97 per cent in the same year, and a net return to mothers of 185 million yuan, an increase in the same year, with 12,247 medical establishments, an increase of 57.07 per cent in the same year, and 7,323 retail pharmacies.
The same-year-old growth of 91.70% has largely covered major provincial and municipal terminals outside Hong Kong, and the number of terminals continues to be a leader in the country.
In addition, the funding needs of the first half of the projects and research projects promote the long-term development of companies. R & D and capacity-building are actively advanced, and the company ' s combined capabilities are being enhanced simultaneously.
The progress in the development of the products is in the forefront of the country's blood industry: the Chengdu human coagulation enzyme was successfully examined at the gmp site; the fourth generation of intravenous human immunoglobin in the country was on the 28th floor of ITC, 69th Street West of Taiwon City.
Injection recombinant human coagulation factor viii.
The tester completes the grouping; the testee completes the clinical trial of the blood-celebrosis primary iii; the testee completes the clinical trial of the testee enter Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.; the testee of the clinical trial of the human immunoglobin of the giant cell viral virus is successfully grouped;
Human condensation factor Via is entering the clinical i test: the first clinic in the country has been approved for inoculation of human immune proteins under the skin. In terms of productive capacity, Chengdu was born in an international biologic area in Chengdu, and invested in the construction of a new Yong-Aun base; Shanghai blood system invested in the construction of a new Yunanki in the new district of Fuming, Yunnan Province.
On the ground, the Lanzhou blood system has invested in the new Lanzhou base in the State High Technology Development Area of the city of Lanzhou, all three of which have a design capacity of 1,200 tons. With the gradual completion of production in the future, the Department will have three single plant bases for the production of blood products with a slurry capacity of over 1,000 tons.
> Drug safety risks; industry policy risks; research and development risks below expectations; single plasma station regulatory risks; cost escalation risks; risks of inadequate supply of raw materials; market competition risks; new coronary attitudes; independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.