The new magma station has been continuously delivered, and the company ' s leading blood products are highlighted by the events of 11 August 2021: the company issued a public announcement establishing the new Youngten Lansheng, Xiangyung Lansheng, Xerang Lansheng, Kangulan Xiv.
The company announced in June 2021 the creation of six stations and one substation, which has been in place since 2021.
The number of slurry stations has increased by only eight. The company's reserves are extremely abundant, and the industry stands out. Given that the number of slurry stations in the industry is expected to grow rapidly during the 1455s, we expect that the company, relying on a strong shareholder background, is expected to achieve a rapid increase in the number of slurry stations.
In terms of net profit from slurry and single-station slurry, as new products are approved, and as slurry increases reduce the cost of ton slurry, many of the company’s core business indicators are expected to be more elastic. In terms of the company’s productive capacity, it is expected that there will be a continuous upswing: 1) in terms of new capacity, the subsidiary’s permanent blood control project, which is built into Dodu.
By the end of 2020, the project had completed the installation of engineering and the validation of processes, equipment, etc., and started silting test production (process certification), the Shanghai Blood Yunnan Project integrated workshop, separation workshop, power centre and animal house structure.
It has been capped and will significantly enhance the slurry capacity of the company once it is built, while the increase in efficiency will lead to a further reduction in the cost of movement and a greater profit. 2) In terms of product lines, the product complex has been registered for production, and some of the products are being developed in the country's blood industry.
Lead: Injection recombinant human constriction factor viii, static human immunoglobin (ph4, 10%) (layer 1, Altern Organisms (600161: analytic), static giant cell viral human immunoglobin is conducting clinical research on the iii period; injection recombinant
In the first half of the year 2021, rapid performance was evaluated: Human condensation factor Via and subcutaneous injector immunoglobin were first declared clinically and accepted.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board