As expected, the new slurry station plus the new energy profile is ready to be released.
The semi-annual performance was in line with expectations and the profit margin level was stable. Performance was in line with expectations, with q2 earning $964 million in the first quarter, an increase of 20.97 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of $185 million, an increase of 21.96 per cent over the same period, and a net profit to the mother of $181 million after deduction.
The management cost was 7.48 per cent (+0.74 pct), mainly due to the increased costs of managing the construction of the workforce; slurry recovery was good, the new slurry station accelerated, and the cumulative collection of 874.89 tons of plasma at the operating slurry station by 2021h1 increased compared to the same period last year.
177.67 tons, an increase of 25.48 per cent from the same year (2020q1 affected by the epidemic has stopped to varying degrees) The company, relying on its brand influence, has accelerated the expansion of the magma station, which now stands at 55, and up to now in 2021 in Gansu, Hebei, Jiangsu, etc., the company has established new Ring Countys, Yongdeng,
The promotion of the new slurry station is expected to expand further.
The company currently has three categories of human blood proteins, human immune proteins, human condensation factors, and 14 Clinical trials of new products such as human blood proteins under the skin, and recombinant human condensation factors, Via.
Report & 2021: A return to high growth, steady growth and success. The company now has a total design capacity of more than 2,000 tons, and is actively promoting the three blood products of the Yong-Aun base, the Shanghai Blood Base, and the Lanzhou Blood Base.
Production base, each of the three above-mentioned bases has a design capacity of 1,200 tons and is expected to land in 22-24 years to boost further production of blood products from the company, which is the lead in the blood industry in the country, with the number of slurry stations and the volume of slurry being the highest in the country, both slurry and slurry.
There is much room for greater efficiency in the use of sources, and new energy, new products, and new processes are expected to materialize. Slurry is not as fast as expected, new production or development of new products is not proceeding as expected, product safety risks are being put in place. Authors are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy or considerable professional competence by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent, professional attitude and independence and objectivity.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.