The cost and channel advantage of the new North is clear, and the cash is a good countercyclical leader, and there is no substitute for the size and channel advantage.
Performance is still expected to grow, with an enormous amount of cash flow and excellent counter-cyclical building materials. The global gypsum tap, with a capacity of 2.7 billion, is the global gypsum industry: the company is the global gypsum industry, with a current gypsum capacity of more than 2.7 billion pm, a sales capacity of 1.87 billion pm in 2018, and a market share of nearly 60%.
In the near future, the company will be planning to build up 3 billion flat capacity, to plan 5 billion flat capacity in the medium and long term, and to make up the company’s important business plates with paint, water protection, and the small size of the cardboard industry, with a high market concentration, and the impact of the cost of waste paper on public prices.
We believe that the demand for the industry comes from office buildings, businesses, and home improvements. The upstream raw material is mainly based on a relatively adequate supply of plaster and facepaper, the price of face paper is affected by the waste paper, and the reduction of the quota for imported goods will sustain the loss.
U.S. litigation and settlement costs are lower than expected, buying sheep for waterproofing: recently, the company's U.S. suit landed, with $248 million lower than expected, forming a good company.
The cash flow is an important source of growth in the company’s performance. The cash stream’s anticyclical build-up pole: the company’s size costs and channel advantages in the gypsum industry are irreplaceable, and future occupancy rates are expected to rise further.
Companies have clear advantages in terms of cash flow, receivables, and asset turnover. The construction materials industry has a small number of industries that maintain a high-quality cash flow without the apparent impact of the real-estate cycle.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting. I. Global gypsum taps and product volumes drive the company's performance.
1. China ' s construction industry, which has been working on parchment boards for 40 years, is a complex construction industry that specializes in the development, production, sale, services and production of products such as gypsum plates. The company provides cast board walls, hanging systems for various types of buildings, and a slender system.
Since its creation, it has expanded steadily, reaching Asia’s first and global top in 2009 and 2012, respectively. In Tanzania, the company began to develop its own foreign market in 2018.
China’s construction materials industry, which has marketed platforms with capacity throughout the country, has begun the path of product expansion: by the end of June 2019, the company had planned to produce more than 100 million cardboards, followed by medium- and long-term targets for the production of 5 billion cardboards through the expansion of overseas markets and deep-farm domestic markets. Recently, the company acquired Sichuan sheep waterproof materials, Ltd., and started the path of product expansion.
The gypsum plate, which is the company’s main product, is currently the new building material actively promoted by the government. Its main varieties are cardboard, decorated cardboard, etc., where the average cardboard is sold to the overall gypsum.
As a result of rising demand for gypsum plates and the company’s greater control over the prices of products, the price of gypsum boards is still operating at historically high levels, driving the company’s performance to increase. From 2016 to 2018, the net return on corporate property grew from $1,171 million to $2,466 million, with a combined annual growth rate of over 45 per cent.
Light steel bones are another important business for the company, and there is still room for improvement in the future as a result of the scale of the packaged business: light steel bones are usually used in conjunction with the installation of the gypsum. Currently, the sales of the gypsum and bone are lower. Dragon bones account for less than 10%. As the company has been moving forward with the slab sales, it is expected that there will be further developments in the future of the company's light bone operations.
Figure 81: Annual growth in cardboard sales Figure 80. Caste is the main component of income. Performance has steadily increased, making the company one of the highest market concerns in the building blocks: steady growth in performance and robust financial guidelines
Behind the label, the company has become one of the most important listed companies in the building block. In mid-2019, the public fund for raising funds held 230 million shares, accounting for 9.51 per cent of the agency’s share in building block holdings, and was listed as the highest unit in the building block agency as conch cement, China’s giant rock, the new material of great stars, and the eastern rain and rainbow.
The gypsum industry: a steady increase in demand and a rising concentration. The gypsum sector: a steady increase in demand and a promising increase in the share of companies in the market.
The advantages of the company’s production cards are clear, with more than 50% in most of the regional markets: Shandong, Hubei and Jiangsu provinces are the main producing areas of the country; the advantages of the company’s production cards are evident; the main production capacities are concentrated in Shandong, Hubei, Jiangsu, Hebei, Anhui, and the company’s total production capacity is 49.13%.
The production capacity is about 4,311 million square metres, with companies producing nearly 2.7 billion square metres, and the market rate is nearly 60%. In most regional markets around the country, the cost of the paper is high, and the expected cost-enhancing market is higher.
The main cost of the board is concentrated on the paper, which is close to 50 per cent, and the cost of the single paper, which is about $1.8 per cent. The current paper production capacity is stable, but the quota for waste is decreasing every year. Thus, we believe that the price of scrap paper is rising in the short term, but falling as the demand for paper stabilizes in the long run, the rate of recycling of paper in the country rises, some of it overflows, and the supply and demand gap is gradually being bridged.
Fold paper is the main component of the cost of the cardboard. The cost increase will further squeeze the space for small and medium-sized enterprises, allowing companies to expand their market share: more recently, companies have proposed medium-to-medium capacity of 5 billion flat capacity.
We believe that the current growth in the country’s gypsum demand has stabilized, and that the supply side has been squeezed further as costs have risen and capacity constraints and phase-outs have been reduced, and SMEs have become more vulnerable. The latter’s capacity has gradually been cleared up for companies to provide additional capacity.
3. Policies to promote the spread of steel structures, the demand for gypsum boards is expected to increase, their durability is low, domestic penetration is low, steel structures are gradually advancing or are conducive to improved osmosis: the current gypsums are expected to increase.
There is a relatively low penetration rate in the country, mainly from public clothes and ceilings, and the need for housing and fences is significantly lower than in foreign countries. State policy is to encourage the development of assembly structures, which have a clear advantage over prefabricated concrete structures, in terms of their resilience to shocks.
So we think that, with the spread of steel structures and even of steel-structured dwellings, the gypsum boards have infiltrated the home-loading market: Japan and the United States have been experiencing a process of industrial concentration: Japan’s average annual gypsum consumption has been stable at 4-5 levels since 1997, when it reached 5.41 flat levels per capita, by reference to data from foreign industry associations.
There has also been a marked increase in concentration, with the number of mainstream market firms now declining to nine, with single-line production stabilizing at 30 million flat levels. Since 1997, US paster counterparts have experienced a process of increasing concentration, with 13 major industry firms in 1997 and a projected slowdown in China’s cardboard market in 2016, with industry concentration being the main trend in the future: comparing the Japanese and American markets, we believe China has done its best.
The future build-up penetration rate, represented by steel structures, is expected to increase, but the concrete framework structure remains the main structural structure. We do not believe that China’s per capita consumption of gypsum plates can reach Japan’s 4-5-pm level, so we believe that the increase in the gypsum industry is likely to be slower, with industry concentration continuing to rise is the main trend.
Billion Ping is planning for the medium- and long-term abroad; we believe that the phase-out of backward production capacity and the absolute advantage in the cost of the company will take up some of the post-developing market vacuums, and that the market share will rise further. It is expected that in the future the company will have 3.8-4 billion flat output, three, with significant cost advantages, stronger bargaining power, and rapid expansion.
1. Corporate advantages: significant cost advantages, better layout, better bargaining power, unshakeability of raw materials, gypsums and facepapers: gypsums are standard, low unit prices, and cost controls are the most effective strategy for raising the Māori rate. Companies do their best to reduce costs at various levels. Companies are expected to compete with their counterparts on gypsum boards.
The cost savings of 24 per cent, the expected post-partum capacity of the Thai and paper industries, the cost savings of the company relative to its counterparts in the area of paper protection would be 9.2 per cent, the removal of raw materials, the full utility of the company in all aspects of coal consumption, electricity consumption, and even the wages of its personnel: the company makes the cost controls extremely effective at all levels.
Figure 88. Reductions in unilateral costs but higher salaries for personnel. The brand layout is perfect to effectively fill market space up: in 2018, the company created a dream board, located the low- and middle-end market, and sold unilaterally less than the original Dragon card and Tarzan cardboard. The company currently has three brands: Dragon card, Tarzan and Dream card.
Positioning low-end high-school markets separately, different products effectively match the needs of different client groups, and further improving market ownership. Productive capacity and channels across the country provide companies with a stronger capacity to price together: the capacity and channels of production across the country further provide companies with a stronger pricing capacity.
With an absolute cost and market share advantage, a firm’s pricing can ensure a balance between its own profits and preventing competitors from competing for prices. Following the gradual increase in the ointment rate of the gypsum in the renovation, the company will proceed with the sale of accompanies of the bone and gypsum, which will be further realized.