New materials in the north (000786).
The North is a leading company in the production of plaster plates in our country. The company issued a report in 2019, with an operating income of $6,922 million, a year-on-year growth rate of up to 60% in the industry.
The company's cardboard industry purchased waterproofing materials for the company's waterproofing materials industry.
Refurbishment, mainly for commercial and public buildings, accounted for 70 per cent, and for 30 per cent, which affected the epidemic, with a 14.29 per cent decline in corporate operating income and net profits in the first quarter of 2020; a rapid resumption of operations; and a 34.06 per cent increase in operating income and net profit returns in the second quarter of 2020; and
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The advantage of scale stands at a stable level of profitability, with high elasticity. By mid-2020, the company had a capacity of 2,752 million square metres to produce, and by the end of the year it was planned to reach 3 billion square metres, far ahead of it.
The size of the firm’s overall size is high, and the unit cost is low, even as the epidemic affects 12.6 per cent of the company’s annual level of roe, which is highly resilient to performance once demand improves and company prices rise.
The lead company has almost completed its nationwide layout, waiting for the harvest period. The company has been able to take up 60% of the global and domestic market as a gypsum, and has achieved a high-high-point occupation in all regions of the country, near power plants. As industry patterns are further optimized, the epidemic is small.
Policies such as company phase-out and environmental protection drive the improvement and improvement of the business order, and as industry leaders, the harvest will take place. A two-wing combination of synergies and the development of new spaces.
Business, firm corporate leader, very profitable, is the company’s main developed business and is currently expanding its production capacity in the appropriate regions of the country, congregating other businesses, further developing role models and taking advantage of regional heights.
In mid-2020, China’s top three companies reported a reverse growth in their business, with business income rising by 13.70% in the face of a decline in the cardboard business.
13.87 billion dollars, well beyond industry 4th Karen shares. Rapid resilience to risk, as a national flagship, is prominent, production line layouts have taken over, regional highs, and once demand improves performance elasticity, the two wings take full advantage of synergies.
New spaces are being developed to maintain the company's “highly recommended” investment rating.
North New Materials (000786). Scale and national layout for integrated competitiveness. Figure 1: Business income and growth of North New Materials. Figure 2: Net profit and increase of North New Materials.
Figure 3: Māori rate change for new wood construction in North, Figure 4: Gross asset return for new wood construction in North, Figure 6: Change in asset liability for new wood construction in North
Figure 5: Changes in the first quarter of the North ' s construction of roe, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the North (000786): the size and national layout of the country create an integrated competitiveness, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view, conclusions and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.