New materials in the north (000786), new materials in the north: performance against expectations, waterproof operations bright
The net profit excluding the parent is 853 million yuan (+10.09%); at the same time, the company's performance is expected to expand in January-September, with a steady increase in the city's share, the advantages of the company's size, channels and brands being one, with a steady increase in sales of q2 and a small increase in the price ring. We measure that the company's cast board for the first half of the year.
Sales were about 820 million square metres, of which q2 sales were about 560 million square metres, an increase of about 3 per cent over the same period.
At the end of the day, we measured the average price of the gypsum sheet for the second quarter at about 5.4 yuan per square metre, down by about 4 per cent from the same year, and recovered some of the product prices; on the other hand, due to the restructuring of the product, the gypsum is expected to enter a new round of price increases.
New North (000786), New North: A significant increase in the q2 cardboard Maori ratio and a significant improvement in the cost ring over the period.
The exchange gains and losses affected current performance, and the layout of the waterproofing was mainly due to an increase in the price of the q2 portion of the cardboard product; in the first half of the year, the slide was larger, with the q2 cardboard Maori rate estimated at 31.8 per cent and the ring ratio rising.
Obviously, thanks to the upturn in the price of q2 talisman and the fall in the price of face paper; the bone hair interest rate of 26.18 per cent, an increase of 2.7 pct over the same year, we judge the cost to be lower due to the fall in the price of steel in the first half of the year; the Māori rate for water-resistant rolls was 37.22 per cent; and the asphalt benefit in the first half of the year.
Prices have fallen and the Māori rate for waterproof operations has increased; q2 has a cost of 11.16 per cent over the period, which is roughly the same as the previous period, with a decline of about 11.4 pcts in the ring, with a decrease of 9.1 pct over the management cost ratio, mainly due to the impact of the q1 epidemic, with a certain decline in production and sales and a higher amortization of fixed costs.
In the first half of the year, the water-proofing business became visible, creating a new performance growth point: the company consolidated the acquisition of the Sichuan sheep, the King's waterproofing and Henan's thumbs successfully moved into the water-proof field, forming the 10 largest water-protected industry bases covering the country, with a total revenue of $1,387 million in the first half of the year.
20 per cent, and 20 per cent, of the total amount of 2020q2, supported by the first restoration of real estate and infrastructure, with a strong demand, combined with the cost dividend of the fall in the price of the first half-year asphalt, the water-proofing business performed brightly: in terms of accounts receivable, however, the amount of accounts receivable and notes at the end of the reporting period was 2,013 million yuan, an increase of about 330 per cent over the same period.
The expansion of water-proofing operations has led to a certain level of exposure to receivables, with q2 operating net cash flows of $1 billion, an increase of 15.38 per cent over the same period, and a marked improvement in the ring comparison. We believe that the company is expected to make waterproof operations more quickly, depending on its own financial and industrial advantages; and that waterproofing is currently under way.
The growth of the industry is still mixed, and it is hoped that the entry of North Newcom as a capital will accelerate market consolidation and increase industry concentration, bringing new performance growth points for companies. 2020h2 demand is still on the table, and performance will recover.q2 is expected to decrease as the epidemic diminishes.
The return of downstream work has accelerated, real estate investment has gradually resumed and, according to previous indicators such as glass, new construction of land has been effectively directed to the completion of the work, and the demand for completion of the work in the second half of the year continues to be supported; we believe that the company's gypsum city currently accounts for about 60 per cent, while it is still actively expanding its production to increase it.
Power, if future costs rise, companies will have sufficient capacity to conduct downstream, industry leader position solid: water-proof operations are integrated and moving towards integrated building blocks. Profit predictions and financial indicators:
(a) Within the pacificsecurities, the overall industry returns more than 5 per cent above the overall market level;
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.