The firm’s operating income in 21 years amounted to $83.37 billion (+6.2 per cent), resulting in a net profit of $629.6 million (-14.6 per cent).
End of income: (1) 5g user penetration leads ahead of industry, a 4.3 per cent increase in the arpu value of 4.3 per cent in the same year, with the company ' s 5g package reaching 155 million households, an over-expected increase, arpu up to $43.9 (+4.3 per cent) and a 5g value, gradually showing a steady recovery in the volume and price of mobile operations. (2) Three gigabytes of integration for broadband
Development, with the 5g-led fixed migration and integration benefiting from the fixed-grid operation growing at an all-time high, with a net increase of 8.95 million broadband users year-round, and a net increase of 5.2 per cent in the same proportion of fixed-line operations (3) The industry Internet has grown rapidly, and is the main driver of business growth. Industry Internet revenues of $54.8 billion (+28 per cent) account for growth in corporate ownership.
Nearly 60%. We believe that the strategy of 5g leading migration integration will drive business at the end of c. The cloud-related business has grown by more than 30%, and the digital economy will drive the new business to double-digit growth. 69 billion are lower than planned at the beginning of the year.
This is relatively high. But companies have made breakthroughs in self-researching stations and idc energy conservation projects. Long-term network operating costs are manageable. (3) Sustained increases in R & D and marketing inputs are lower than major business revenues. Companies value R & D and market competitiveness, with R & D costs + 60%, and both talent and market inputs + 5.7%.
The industry Internet is the main source of growth, and innovation is releasing new energy. The cloud's intelligence chain, Anki, provides a solid foundation for the five main tracks. The energy force, East and West, builds a new data centre called 5+4+31+x.
Through the Winter Olympics, the Division showed the world the value of 5g sector applications, contributing 6 billion dollars over 21 years. China Connect 600050-2021 semi-annual report stocktaking: a steady transition, coupled with the completion of the second stage of equity incentives, with profit growth starting a high-quality course of development.
China Connect - 600050 - 2020 Annual Report Review: Arpu values are rising steadily, innovation. China Connect - 600050 - 20 semi-annual Report Review: Epidemic is over, flexible and gradual Investment proposal: 5g network building is in the medium term, and slower development of mobile operations will affect the overall growth rate.
In 2021, corporate income grew at an eight-year high, rising profit scale. In 2021, the company achieved business income of RMB 327.9 billion, an increase of 7.9 per cent in the same year; in the main business income of RMB 296.2 billion, an increase of 7.4 per cent compared to the previous year, an increase of 3.1 percentage points over the entire year 2020; and total profits for the entire year reached the people.
17.8 billion yuan, the net profit attributable to the parent company amounted to 63.1 billion yuan, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the same year, an increase of 3.4 percentage points over the whole year 2020; ebitda amounted to 96.1 billion yuan over the last year, the fourth quarter of 2021, of which 83.365 billion yuan was earned by the company's single quarter main battalion in the fourth quarter of 2021.
This represents an increase of 6.22%; a single-quarter net profit of $630 million, a decrease of 14.63% in the same year; and a single-quarter net profit of $924 million, an increase of 84.03% in the same year. The decline in the company’s net profit of the fourth quarter is due to a decline in the value of 5g operating arpu, while increasing investment in R & D and marketing costs.
At the end of the income spectrum: 5g users and fixed network users are over-expected, industry Internet growth is significant, 5g business values are visible, and the arpu value is warm. In 2021, mobile main camp operations generated $164.1 billion, equivalent to 10,000 households. User values are continuously optimized, with mobile users arpu reaching $43.9, an increase of 4.3 per cent.
With significant results, total mobile Internet traffic has increased by 32.2 per cent, 5g operations have accelerated, with the company ' s 5g package reaching 155 million households, 5g packager penetration exceeding industry averages by 48.9 per cent, with 5g network coverage increasing and 5g user penetration accelerating, changes in company mobile user structures and an increase in high-value user ratios.
In 2021, corporate broadband access revenue increased by the same number of households, with a year-long net increase in the size of the user, and broadband access remained largely stable, reaching the highest level of company history.
41.3 yuan, the value of value operations based on scale, showed positive results. The penetration rate of integration operations among fixed broadband users reached 71.5 per cent, an increase of 7.4 per cent in the same year, benefiting from a solid migration integration strategy, a significant increase in the number of users, and a higher rate of growth in broadband operations than innovation with a scale effect.
In 2021, industrial Internet revenues increased by 28.2% to RMB 54.8 billion, or 18.5% of the total principal business income. The business has become a major contributor to the growth of corporate business, accounting for 59% of the growth of corporate business. The company will continue to do so in the future.
Continuing to accelerate the creation of autonomous innovation platform capabilities and priority products, and to continuously enhance industry’s competitiveness and business value. We believe that, as firms invest in innovation, the development of a five-way track based on the clouded intellectual chain will continue to accelerate the development of the industry’s Internet, which is expected to increase to 30% during the 14th Five-Year Plan.
At the cost end, capital expenditure peaked, with costs rising less than operating income; capital expenditure reached its peak; depreciation amortization value was higher than capital expenditure for many years; and cost side pressures began to ease. 5g infrastructure construction was in the medium term, with mobile network spending falling from 56% to 49%, 5g network
The construction rate has gradually slowed, and the operator's capital expenditure on the 5g side has begun to level off or down. In 2021, the depreciation amortization cost was $85.660 billion, a net increase of $2.63 billion compared to 2020, and the share of operating income decreased from 27.33 per cent in the previous year to 26.13 per cent.
Depreciation amortization costs have already exceeded capital costs, companies are becoming “lighter.” Operating costs have increased, but are manageable. Corporate network operations and support costs have amounted to RMB 53.09 billion, affected by increased costs of rental of housing equipment, network maintenance, and energy consumption.
To promote the creation of a green low-carbon network, the company-developed project "4g/5g co-ordinated smart energy efficiency management" could reduce the energy consumption of mobile base stations and win the ITU World Summit on the Information Society World Summit on the Information Society champion prize. Meanwhile, the company-developed smart double-cycle (fluoride pump) multi-moderated room air-conditioning system could save the idc room year round.
More than 50%. 5g energy consumption is much larger than traditional base stations, but with the evolution of technologies such as green low-carbons, the increase in electricity costs can be controlled, and companies can keep operating costs at a certain rate of revenue.
New talent, with labour costs amounting to RMB 58.940 billion, an increase of 5.7% over the same period, represents the share of business income that was replaced for the first time by national production of high-precision time-synchronous chips, breaking the foreign monopoly on related technologies. The 5g network provides a reliable, low-quality time benchmark accuracy.
On the marketing side, the company speeds up its online integration, increasing market attractiveness through brands such as “The Olympics” and “Contact Clouds.” Marketing costs are 32.21 billion yuan, an increase of 5.7% over the same period, and the increase in all segments of operating income is lower than the increase in income from the main business.
Figure 11: Changes in China ' s main connectivity costs: Figure 12: China ' s connectivity cost structure (in %)
The industry Internet is the main engine of growth, and the second equity incentive is to open up a high-quality development process. The company has built a solid foundation for five races with the cloud's intelligence chain, Anki.
Services to build a new national data centre system of 5+4+31+x; full upgrade of the "Contact Clouds" to form two-engine, bonding cloud, digital memory cloud, smart video cloud, seven scenes of landscape cloud; integration of the "Contact Chains" and artificial intelligence, big data platform day-to-day processing capability exceeding 200 tb; ongoing work
The scale of the big goods connection, which accelerates the transition to an integrated application of the +non-connected connection, and continues to increase the market share of the network; the active deployment of the secure market and the creation of scale replication capabilities for safe products.The 5g industry applications have contributed $6 billion to the company.
Action plan, ongoing construction and replication of industry 5g Internet, smart cities, health care, education, cultural tourism, etc. Baseline solutions; sustained and increased investment in research and development, product incubation in the areas of bicarbon networking, 5g+collaborative road, 5g+Beidou, smart law, and intelligent ageing. “5g+4k/8k” achieved by the company at the Winter Olympics
Nearly 20 applications, such as live, high iron 5g super-clear, ipv6 smart network, and l4 unmanned, have proven their value and leadership in 5g industry applications. In 2021, there were 8,000 industry applications.
In January 2022, the China Federation released the Second Restrictive Stock Incentives Plan (draft), which proposes to award up to 900 million restricted shares to no more than 8,000 persons, representing about 2.9% of the current total equity of 30.990 billion.
Development confidence is expected to motivate staff and stimulate business dynamism. Investment advice: We believe that “platform+net+x” digital services in the context of the “digital economy” will drive strong growth in the innovation industry, while the 5g network is on its way to medium-term development and mobile operations slow down.
End-of-income: A decline in the value of 5g operations in 21 years will affect mobile operations and growth over time. Companies increase their investment in innovative business, with more than 30% growth in average 21 years of income from industry-side cloud computing, big data, and the Internet, followed by a strong growth momentum that will become a new driver of performance growth.
At the cost end: the construction of 5g is in the medium term, the investment of 60 billion yuan in fixed assets in 21 years is lower than the amount of 70 billion yuan set in the corporate announcement at the beginning of the year, and the subsequent sharing of co-construction, energy-saving programmes, etc., will save the company at the cost end. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author