We've been doing research on the company's operations in Sanxi Coal recently.
Our analysis and diagnosis is that we have 330 state-of-the-art capacity, and we have seven state-of-the-art energy mines, which amount to almost 85 per cent of the total, so it can be considered to be 330 for the year as a whole.
For example, the price of coal fell by 470 and went to the emergency. We're planning to produce much less than we have planned for 16 years. Advanced production is still encouraging normal production.
The West Province has not had much to do with capacity production, because it's mainly in the eastern and central parts of the country, with a target of 10 per cent, almost completed in 2016. In 2017, there will be mines in some groups, and according to the progress of capacity production, some of them will be closed down, all in accordance with the country's mandate.
Not to mention, unlike the central and eastern regions, where the pace is faster and the high cost of the non-profit mines is naturally powered to shut down. The increase is quite high, the good quality of the coal is low, the good storage conditions are good, the ability to produce is to shut down the old mines in the northern and central parts of China, with little impact on the total.
The annual output impact is the lowest in 2016, with future capacity swaps, and the January release of shareholders in the new mine will only affect short-term stock prices. On January 28, the distribution of market chips at 7% is not particularly important and can be viewed in absolute terms.
The company is in the first phase of the conversion program, waiting for the State Department to approve it. The stock company ' s mini-bond mine is also in the conversion program, and the future increase is in the coal mine, or 10% of the increase.
The proportion of rail transport continues to decline. The share of rail transport declined slightly last year, and the price of land sales was high. Our sales were flexible, and railway capacity was tight, with 45% of railways and 55% of roads.
Head companies, backed by coal-based industrial groups, are the only coal operating platform under the flag that can benefit from the dividends of state-owned reforms, and coal-coal varieties are scarce, with the first “recommended” rating. This leads to a decline in sales, a deterioration of the macro-environment, and so on.