In the post-epidemiological era, Murray opened up a new growth situation both inside and outside the country.
Murray has become an absolute leader of the domestic medical equipment industry, and we believe that it is a typical “reverse innovation” for the post-development victory, led by the global market for the multi-valued products of the three pillars of the company, with net profits exceeding 6.6 billion in 2020, forming a multi-layered product line.
Global markets: track heights, post-epidemiological Myra is the key opportunity to get out of the sea. According to our calculations, Murray's overseas market space could reach at least $75 billion, while emerging markets abroad are still growing early.
Domestic development experiences are expected to be replicated successfully. The equipment upgrades in the overseas Euro-American market plus post-epidemiological infrastructure, the construction of high-priced products, the in-depth localization of Murray, the medium- and low-end value of the product, the acquisition of hytestinvestoy, and the strengthening of the vd industry.
Highlights, high-end products are growing. We believe that Murray is expected to accelerate the global expansion of bottlenecks in the context of China’s overall industrial upgrading, capital, market support, and dynamic cross-border cooperation.
Domestic markets: Population, policy, technology resonance market, facing a window period of innovation change, and Murray Quest, where we expect the domestic business space to be close to RMB 100 billion. Medical reform deepens domestic production. 3. Q3 is slightly over-expected, branding opens up growth.
The pattern of competition has accelerated, and our medical equipment industry is facing a rare technological catch-up and upgrading of the “windows”, ivd. Recovering normal growth, life information wiring, etc., which, in our view, has been spurred by domestic bicyclic policies, medical infrastructure, hierarchies, etc.
High Growth-Merry Medical Corporation Review, Market Spaces, Innovative Markers developed in the Merichian era, promising to take advantage of import substitution opportunities.
The power of diversification has been demonstrated, and integrated information-based solutions have been created to create synergies.
The state of affairs, where most of the developments have been in the forefront to date, the strength of diversification and expansion has been well established, the boundaries of business growth have opened, and it has been helped by the enrichment of products and the creation of intelligent ecosystems for people, equipment and information.
Information synergies, efficiency gains, and more control over the terminals. Given the strong advantages of the three corporate lines of business, the size of the domestic market, the abundance of goods and the multi-nuclear drivers, the future path of internationalized growth is clear, and emerging markets abroad are expected to replicate China’s practical experience and mature markets.
High-end products are expected to be successfully retraced without taking into account the profit margins of the M & As and giving targets for 12 months with procurement risks, exchange rate and tariff risks, overseas outreach risks, new product R & D risks, dealer management risks, M & As less integrated than expected risks, and international trade friction risks.
In 2018, we published a report on the first-time coverage of Miri, who Miri is, what she has, and what she has for her products, and what she has for her development.
In three years, at the present point, and after 30 years of development, the situation has changed. Worldwide, the epidemic has had an impact on the overall development landscape. This report provides an in-depth overview of Murray’s development profile and examines the specific reasons for the company’s success in the past.
What is the future of Murray’s development potential at home and internationally, and where are the margins of future growth? With many products leading the world, net profits outpaced by $6.6 billion, Miri has developed for 30 years and has become an absolute leader in Chinese medical equipment, life information and life.
Multi-purpose products supporting, in vitro diagnosis, medical imaging operations are in the forefront of the country and the world. In 2021, they were the third largest in the world in terms of guardianship, anesthesia, blood cell products, custody, anaesthesia, breathing, tremors, injection pumps, lightbeds, blood cells, Poc ultrasound, etc.
In 2020, Murray earned $9,916 million abroad, an increase of 41.21 per cent, while overseas accounted for 47.16 per cent of the total.
▪ The quality of the business has been improving. The company ' s net interest rate has improved consistently in recent years, with a net interest rate of nearly 32 per cent in 2020; the Maire ' s sales costs and overhead rates have been gradually reduced, with a sales cost of 17.8 per cent and a management cost of 13.2 per cent in 2020.
The level of Māori is stable. The gross interest rate is reasonable compared to the international giants and some of the domestic companies, and is about 64%. In terms of the breakdown of Māori, 68% of Māori in terms of life information and support products were achieved by 2020, with levels of Māori for respirators, monitors, defibrillators.
Figure 10: Māori ratio of medical visual products (%)
This is linked to the company’s strategy to focus on R & D. The company of R & D and sales workers has a systematic and standardized training programme that helps to improve the overall quality of the workforce, while at the same time providing clarity in the design of the development and motivation of the workforce.
Figure 14: Clear path to human development research and development channels for human development, high input from front-end research and development to market rhythms, back-end post-sale service improvements to ensure end-of-end viscosity
With consistent R & D investment, nine major R & D centers efficiently convert 7-12 new items every year. 2016-US European inventions, M & M is the only medical device in the world to be ranked among the top 50 companies with patents on inventions in 2017.
▪ Nine major R & D centres, with a clear division of labour and coordinated development. The Murray R & D centers are being set up in the United States and China, and the ninth Wuhan R & D centers, covering approximately 110 acres, are being built, mainly in the direction of biological raw materials and reagents, surgical equipment, large health technology development, and global service support centres, workers.
After the completion of the project as a whole, the workforce size plan is about 2,000, while the research and development staff are expected to be 1,200, which will open up a new path to corporate ownership, innovation and development. The post-sale service system is well developed, and the network is global.
Direct ground service sites, 24-hour client calls, and in the course of the spread of the epidemic overseas, Murray provides more than 200,000 anti-epidemic medical equipment to Italy, the United Kingdom, Russia, Brazil and other countries, distributed among local garment engineer teams in 80 countries around the world, to ensure uniform standards for the installation of training delivery.
Efficient collaboration to achieve higher client satisfaction. More than 1900 service engineers, more than 70 direct service stations in Murray, China, 500 authorized third-party service providers, primary management platform for equipment, including 5g and network-based equipment management platforms, product solution offers and
Post-sale service satisfaction was 99 per cent on the next single platform, digital service management platform, etc., Figure 17: Completion of after-sale service in Murray
Murray has always worked to ensure that equipment is used safely and functionally, thereby reducing the risk of use.
Through data analysis and improvement, improvement of quality and safe water, access to the west to assist hospitals in setting up a system of primary control, and sharing with the new team of excellence in quality control management.
To quickly meet standard requirements and reduce the number of provincial clinical engineer skills competitions, Murray has developed standardized operating templates.
Promotion of the technical and vocational upgrading of medical workers, systematic operating programmes, specialized injury simulations, equipment integrity/requirement drives
Helping to raise the level of evaluation skills.
The Medical Equipment Management “bata Classroom”.
Murray's appraising service, equipped with quality management professionals, medical equipment, a first-hand compliance diagnosis, quick and efficient assistance.
Quality management is enhanced through a robust programme of volume management 24 x 7 hours of customer time centre services checking the integrity and compliance of materials subject to review
Miri is willing to work with his colleagues in the 32 provinces and autonomous regions of China to learn and grow up together.
In order to assist the testing section in fully and efficiently dissecting the terms, Murray set up a peer-reviewed tutor to systematize over 1900 service engineers.
Programmes. Effective mitigation of trial-related workload: more than 70 site-based direct service stations, 500 authorized third-party service providers
Il Rafi's skills are vital, he should be assessed, 99% satisfied with dedicated services, simulations, review of scenes on the spot, etc.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Industry Data Report, in 2019, "The number of Chinese medical equipment industries and post-sale services research activities", Merrido products were well received at the end of the process.
Designed around six dimensions of product quality, maintenance quality, price, efficiency, training, service attitude.
We believe that Murray's development is typical of the “backward advantage” and that, over time, Murray's sales revenue has been from US$ 0 to US$ 2 billion, for 27 years, and this rate is impressive when compared to the development of other medical enterprises abroad. Although Murray's research and development investment is in absolute terms with the international giants,
There are still significant gaps, but the output of R & D inputs is relatively higher. The rapid growth of M & D has its intrinsic logic, with three stages of early nurturing, overseas savings, and domestic return, each looking at the key elements of each development period that M & M has developed, combining with the overall environment.
To analyse, we believe that the key to a company ' s success is three things: precision business strategies, efficient capital use, consistent high R & D inputs; and the core competitive strength of the firm ' s stock: sound business + talent management systems, strong end-control, and efficient innovation transformation.
In 1991-2005, high-value products gained development opportunities in domestic and foreign niche markets, low- and medium-end products opened up the primary health-care market and entered weak areas of transnational corporations. In 1991, with the wave of change and opening up, the company was founded at the Shenzhen Snake Gate, when China’s overall market for medical equipment was in a state of disarray.
During the period of strong corporate monopolies, the mainstream market has a low acceptance of national products. It was founded on technology, and in 1992 Murray invented the first custodian of the national product, and there was some resistance to promoting it in the mainstream market, and the company finally decided to move from a low-cost to a price-sensitive primary health-care market of 4-5 million units.
(Rural, township, county level mini-hospitals) promote tutorial products to avoid micro-innovation with multinational companies that provide niche markets with real and practical products. The technical barriers to early market products are high, the domestic supply chain is relatively premature, and Murray assembles them through imported parts and components.
Industrial design improvements, such as product appearance, operation, etc. Innovations such as circuit-addinal resistance, respond to the challenge of environmental power-instability in equipment applications, and are more in line with the situation in the country’s sinking market hospitals. In 1995, the Choji team was introduced with outstanding industrial design in the field of domestic medical equipment, and is being set up.
Increased competition in the grass-roots markets and sustained investment in innovation are key to the long-term development of firms, which face early liquidity risks.
In time, the three wind investment funds in Washington, Japan, the Soft Bank, and Goldman Sachs in the United States were introduced for $8 million to ensure the long-term sustainability of businesses, the establishment of laboratories, the expansion of the scientific community, and the continuous introduction of innovative results, gradually establishing the leading position of the market.
In the same strategy as in the domestic market, Murray pushed the country’s top 10-year-old high-priced products abroad from 2000 to 2005.
The country’s basic clinical markets, at the grass-roots level and in developed countries, quickly opened up the space for growth abroad.
Millions of dollars, growing fast at more than 40 per cent, profiting at 200 million dollars, forming three main lines of production, we believe that the ideas of high-quality products, built from the grass-roots channels available to Murray now, all stem from the positive feedback that rapid growth brings to the enterprise at this stage, and that the idea of doing business shapes the future of the enterprise.
Quality of innovation drives long-term competitive power. Figure 20: 1991-2005: Exploring opportunities in niche markets for high-value products.
Why did Murray choose to market the United States stock? In 2006, they were listed in a highly competitive interstate market, and it would be difficult for the market not to be sufficiently aware of brand names, especially for medical use, equipment, after-sale services, rights, etc., were also important end-of-life considerations.
The city is a major step forward for Murray, not only in gaining attention in overseas markets, improving the overall marketing network and layout, but also in enhancing the impact of products on the domestic market, allowing the mainstream market to connect to corporate products, which are gradually enriched from low to high.
In return, during this period, the first Chinese plug-in high-end multi-parameter monitor, the first Chinese autonomous research and development of the desktop Doppler ultrasound system, the first Chinese double-phased defibrillator with complete autonomy and only title, the first Chinese autonomous development of high-end high-end desktop super, and the first high-speed.
The fluorescent five-class blood cell analysis system, among others, has a number of technologies that break import monopolies, and the synergies between sections are highlighted. The quality of the products is based on international head enterprise standards, and the North American Institute has been set up to work with leading multinational firms to continue to refine research and development.
▪ Systematized R & D processes combined with technological innovations to win a lasting competitive advantage. At this stage, Murray, with the accumulation of existing technologies, has undertaken co-innovation of products and processes, using the mpi product R & D system as a guide for crp 5 blood cytometers, re series of high-end desktop ultrasounds, etc., which are highly suited to client needs.
Products, flexible configuration of different scenes, cost savings from technological innovation, combined with breakthroughs in technological upgrading, and the creation of multi-pledged “no-one-to-one” mortgage products in the market initially have the power to compete with TNCs in the markets of developed countries.
• Overseas business teams. Companies are listed and their products are being scaled up with influence, and the public sector is relying not only on e-commerce models, but also on a sub-general in Europe and the United States, with subsidiaries or offices in overseas markets and marketing teams.
(b) The development of a matrix, which involves local staff, to promote the business and lay the foundation for the future sale of products to the sea.
Audio-image technology. Become the Murray Ultrasound Team, the Fulbright Scissors, the world's leading image brand.
The Sex Fields like Key Technologies and Applications Project has so far accumulated a global acquisition of close to receiving a third prize for national technology inventions.
Between 2017 and 2019, a stock start-up board was placed on the market, with a wide market coverage for multi-level products.
The company establishes a sophisticated, sophisticated system of market and channel management that makes the market thinner, more edible, and more tightly tied. Channels can penetrate without multi-layered product support, and Miri's products are rich, and medium- and low-end products hold the stakes.
Market opportunities, with increased product power, have led to a breakthrough in high-end markets.
Through this epidemic, Murray quickly achieved a breakthrough in the high-end client base, with widespread brand recognition, and laid a good foundation for the future expansion of corporate globalization. For nearly 20 years, the company has exported about 600 high-end hospital clients abroad, in 2020.
As a result of the epidemic, the internationalization of Murray has accelerated, with the sustained export of products such as respirators, monitors, injections and pumps, the breakthrough of more than 700 high-end empty hospitals, a qualitative leap in brand influence and opportunities for further product penetration.
In mid-January and late February, when the epidemic was most intense, the company actively organized the resumption of work; it also played the greatest productive potential and fully supported the front line of the fight against the disease.
The company’s products have gained greater recognition, increased brand recognition, and reduced market spread cycles. In our view, a post-epidemiological situation in which the country’s brands have core technology and the same quality as imported equipment will give them more opportunities to compete with each other, allowing high-quality, high-performance domestic equipment to truly enter.
But in general, the market share of the more than 20 products that Méri has laid out in the global market as a whole is still low, with the opportunities and challenges of the epidemic and a new starting point for Méri.
In the five-year mark of top 20 worldwide, the long-term goal of increasing the share of overseas income to 70 per cent means that the growth of corporate markets abroad will accelerate, and we believe that, on the one hand, there are ample opportunities for domestic markets and, on the other hand, there is a special logic in Murray's overseas development when China's medical equipment industry is on the sea.
The three pillars of business are well-established, and the new business imagines a wide range of life information and support business: the leader is well-established and upgraded to become a point of view.
▪ The areas of company life information and support include guardianship, anaesthesia, respirators, defibrillators, lighthouses, and hundreds of millions of yuan, representing 47.6 per cent of total income, up from 25.8 per cent in the last five years.
In the China Medical Equipment Industry Data Release Conference 2019, the company's three major business products, including guardianship, inspection room equipment, ultrasound, respiratory, anaesthesia, injection pumps, light bed towers and equipment, were recognized as the “sales service satisfaction first”, of which supervision was provided.
Guardianship: From follow to lead, the country is the most secure, and the world is expected to take the lead in corporate guardianship is one of the most mature.
The third largest market is in the United States. Products have formed a combination of different types of products in the market, meeting the needs of low-end high-school clients. The Murray Guardian has been changing, and future upgrades and replacements will bring significant market space. 280,000 were sold in 2020, compared to 20.7 per cent in Cagr in the last five years.
Guardian products have become fully nationalized, technologically mature, and the future of the Matthews effect will become more evident, and the first market position of Murray is strong; there is still a large gap between the number of beds per million people in the country and the developed world, and the overall market is expected to benefit from the build-up of the icu in the future.
The overseas market watcher is a cutting-edge product, but it also needs to capture the company's ability to market, the emerging market is expected to expand faster, the epidemic is exposed to a short medical system, some of the country's new foundations are expected to take over the top three of the United Kingdom's markets.
More detailed channels of management and evaluation mechanisms have been put in place to open markets for mature products and to induce other products to enter the hospital, with promising future growth. Figure 28: Number of sales of corporate custodians (stages) and speed of increase (%)
Guardian development is expected to be replicated: middle- and low-end market entry, focus on creating product differentiation among users, phase one: starting with the Oxygen Saturation Conservator and the Multiparameter, the company quickly entered the low- and medium-end market at low cost and continued to do so through feedback from core clients, cutting-edge technology.
Stage two micro-innovation creates differences: companies develop the capacity to understand and control product demand, use the built-up mature industrial chain to quickly transform clinical pain demand into product functions, and introduce products such as trans-shipment monitors, blood clarp, etc.
Phase three challengers to lead: with experience and clinical needs analysis, the company has gradually moved into a techno-no-man's-land in the custody domain, and has begun to develop and guide clinical needs, for example, by introducing a series of n prisons capable of many intelligent functions, such as diagnosis and intervention in abstinence, four to six hours in advance.
The guardian has led companies to gradually lead a global technological breakthrough in the area of guardianship. We believe that, in the three-stage growth model, Murray has developed its own development logic, providing valuable lessons for the development of subsequent products that other firms cannot repeat.
Anaesthetic machines: Domestic import substitution is clear, overseas high-end products are expected to be released first on the domestic market, market concentration is high, and high-end markets are important breakthroughs in the future. Companies have mid-to-high-end a series and full-scale wato series.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, the market for anaesthesia machines in Murray between 2017 and 2019.
The share increased from 11% to 29%, mainly from the market share of imported products, and there was a clear trend towards substitution of domestic production. In 2020, there were 8247 sales in the country, ranking first, and the future pattern of competition in the industry was stable, and the Merry leadership was strong.
The sale of the Murray Anaesthesia machine in level II hospitals is relatively large, and the price of the product has a clear advantage over overseas products.a With the introduction of a high-end series of a further pound, a third market share of the tertiary hospital has come from overseas markets, third from the US market.
We believe that there is a greater relationship with US involvement in R & D, and that there is a more comprehensive understanding of the needs of local market users. The retroactive success of the US market is also proof that the quality of the Meri machine product is too strong to expand in the future in other overseas markets.
Figure 30: Data on company sales of anaesthesia machines and speed increase (%) - tremors: national leaders in the tremors, with high certainty for future growth
The company’s defibrillator lines include the Beneheart series, the Aed series, and the EKG machine. Nearly 40,000 were sold in 2019, at a rate of over 30%. Murray was the first to launch a national product of defibrillant products, breaking a number of technological monopolies, and was the country’s tremor standard.
The main competitors in the market, foreign firms such as Dr. Djore Medicine, Philips, and Schiller, Switzerland, contributed to the price decline of the tremor products when they came to the market. Domestic market penetration is low, and policy-driven growth is more certain.
China’s aed industry, with a market size of nearly 3 billion yuan in 2026, compared to the penetration rate of the aed, is 0.2 per 100,000 people in the mainland region, with a wide gap between Japan and the United States, and has much room for expansion.  Market policy drivers, such as the Beijing City Plan, will be in place at all of Beijing’s rail stations by the end of 2022.
In the future, there will be more room for growth. Respirators: the acceleration of the epidemic and the improvement of the industrial chain, and the expansion of overseas markets.
First in the domestic market, there is a continuous breakthrough in demand-driven technology, with a total of four respirator products: sv300, synovente, sv800/sv600 and nb350. Sv300 is the first electric turbo respirator in the country.
China, Northern Europe, North America R & D team co-research; synovente is a company-wide product; sv800/sv600 is a high-end series. Most of the high-end parts of the respirator have been nationalized.
Respiratory physiology models, which provide a full range of life-saving respiratory support to meet the various types of neonatal respiratory treatment The domestic consumption of respirators continues to grow steadily, with a large gap between per capita holdings and developed countries, and products with higher penetration rates are expected to grow in the future.
The impact of the sv300 epidemic on the international market, which was certified by fda eua (emergency use authorization) in March 2020, and the demand for and products during the epidemic, the capacity of companies to produce and supply the supply chain, have been tested, opening up high-end international markets.
Lighthouses: Market share is the highest in the country, synergies are evident, global markets are competitive
In 2018, Murray had a share of 12% of the domestic market, estimated at around $500 million at previous prices. In terms of sales, the epidemic had fallen back in 2020, and it was expected that it would continue to be protected in the future as the epidemic resumed.
Building on past rapid growth, based on: (a) incremental space created by policies such as health infrastructure, hierarchies, etc.; and (b) strong product-to-product synergies, with companies offering a portfolio of products expected to be released on a sustainable basis.
In vitro diagnostics: Chemical light will be an important engine, and the advantage of the entire industrial chain will be acquired and acquired. In vitro diagnostic markets have a large capacity that exceeds the sum of the other two operations in market space. The Chinese market of vd reached $71.6 billion in 2019 and the global market is $72.5 billion.
Mainly based on the sale of reagents, Murray's input at the ivd line is high and currently includes operations such as blood cell testing, biochemical analysis testing, chemical luminous immunology testing, condensation testing, as well as layout microbiological, molecular diagnostics, multi-tracking.
Figure 40: Global market share of ivd (US$ billion) Miri ' s in vitro diagnostic income reached $6.6 billion in 2020 and cagr ' s 22.4 per cent in the last five years.
In vitro diagnosing reagents are sold faster than instrument sales. The growth rate of operations affected by the epidemic is declining, pre-vaccinations are advancing steadily, and it is expected to return to rapid growth in the future.
The Division started producing blood cell products in 1998 and has been working for more than 20 years in the hospital testing section, and we believe that the in vitro diagnosis will continue to increase at a faster rate, based on the following: first, the increased concentration of the industry as policies such as grade-based diagnostics advance demand +drags.
(b) Second is the acceleration of import substitution for technological upgrading of home-grown enterprises, especially in the field of chemical luminous and condensed blood.
National production rates are below 20 per cent, there is a large market space, domestic manufacturers are now technologically unstoppable and are expected to grow rapidly in the future, but there is a high risk that the acquisition of the top international supplier of raw materials by Murray has led to a steady increase in the safety of upstream raw materials supply.
Blood testing: The national and international leaders are expected to maintain steady growth in the future, leading by Chinese blood cell testing in 2021, and third worldwide. The company has three types of blood cell detection products, namely, three-dimensional blood cytometers, five-class blood cell analysis units and three blood analysis waterlines.
The open system of classification products is highly competitive, mostly in sunk markets, and the five closed system has certain barriers, higher prices, and a relatively better pattern of competition.
The pace of growth is robust, the market is more concentrated, and Murray and Heison Maykang are the main players, accounting for about 30% and 40% of the share of the market, respectively. Murray is the leader of blood cell testing, with a multiplicity of start-up products.
From low- to high-end breakthroughs to world-class products, a solid quality of service has been built and is expected to increase steadily in the future to gain a greater share of sales in overseas markets. bc-7500 high-end products are launched, providing rapid coverage to more than 30 provinces across the country.
From 5 series, 6 series, to 2020, the Bc-7500 continuously upgrades from multiple dimensions, bc-7500crp achieves end-of-life and intravenous blood tests, high-speed crp tests "triple one" and raises the Chinese manufacturing level of the blood separation machine to a new height.
Hospital A, 50% of level III hospitals, 40% of top 100 maternal and child hospitals are installed, and Mae Ri is strong in terms of efficiency and branding of channels. Figure 47: bc-7500 leads to efficiency gains in general hospitals.
Murray 7, full automatic blood analysis stream, cal. 7000, is about to be marketed and is expected to lead to an improvement in performance. 7 stream lines are run by full automatic blood cell analysers bc-7500cs or bc-7500crp, pushers, dyers sc-120, full automatic cell morphology analysers mc-80, sugar-red protein analysers
Modules such as h50, which can be customized in a flexible manner, depending on the client's need to detect fluxes and test the project. In addition, full auto-introspection of blood in the veins and atoms can be achieved by providing a comprehensive solution to the inflammation of blood routines, crp, saaa, which is expected to lead to product release and boost performance on the market.
Biochemical detection: China’s seventh largest global biochemical test, co-ordinated with current waterlines to make costs manageable.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Institute, Merrill's 2017 reagents and instruments together account for 8 per cent of the total market share. The market for analytical instruments alone is 9 per cent. The most important competitor in the market is Roya Betsy. The threshold for biochemistry technology is high.
▪ Co-ordinated with the first fully autonomous test module tla flow line release, which has a cost advantage compared to the national producer. In 2019, Merim 6000 was released, integrating the four major independent detection systems of biochemistry, immunisation, blood, condensation, and the first fully autonomous test of the module flow line in China.
There is a cost advantage in having domestic plants, water lines, and imported bio-immunisation module instruments, and Murray's full autonomy.
▪ In 2021, Murray released a bs-2800 full biochemical analyser, which is expected to bring biochemical plates upscaled.
It should be reported that the tat time has been raised effectively, while the accuracy of the test results has been ensured through such techniques as the original pdr photometry platform, ultrasound cleaning, etc. Chemical light: one of the main forces of future growth, the acquisition of upstream raw materials, and access to the industrial chain
▪ Immuno-diagnostics are the largest segment of ivd, accounting for 38%, and chemical light is an important detection tool for immuno-diagnostics, with the country's chemical light market expected to be close to $30 billion in 2020. It's kept in late, but it's growing rapidly, with no new crowning in 2020.
With the domestic registration of reagents, the location of the country’s front-loading of additional chemical light has been maintained. Nearly 80% of the chemical light market is monopolized by “Royabesi,” and future import substitution is a better market opportunity.
Murray's marketing network is solid, has a strong control of the terminals, and chemical light has been growing at a very high rate, with an increasing share of high-speed machines over the years. At the same time, through the network of each chemical luminator, it is possible to monitor chemical luminous reagent consumption at a realistic time and to facilitate management and access to information.
Figure 54: Competition patterns in the chemical luminous sector in 2018 Figure 53: Sub-market share of the Chinese in vitro diagnostics in 2018 Acquisition of top raw material suppliers to reduce the risk of raw materials upstream of the layout.
The euro is traded for the acquisition of the world's top professional ivd upstream raw material supplier, Hytest. In the heart field, ctni (calcium calcium i) is a measure of ivd's immune system capabilities and product quality poles. In 2004, Hytest's ctnl was selected by aaccc as the International Standards for Heart muscle.
At the technical level, hvtest has solid monoclonar antibodies design, research, and production capacity, while at the same time it can rapidly meet new and growing market demands and further strengthen enterprise integration after acquisition.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association's sixth batch of high-quality national-produced medical equipment, the technical and business scores for Meri's products are high. In the broader context of health-care costs and drigs, the focus is on raising the mainstream, including tumours, infectious diseases, etc.
Import substitution is still challenging and requires time and patience. Because of the screening, modifier and other procedures involved in reagent research and development, it takes a lot of time to test.
There may be some difficulties in achieving breakthroughs, but the acquisition of hytest will help Murray to a certain extent by shortening the R&D cycle and accelerating the pace of technology. cl-8000i released, glowing into the millennia.
The two-module of photo-immun analysis, cl-8000i, can glow at 1,000 speeds, while the worldwide unique vortex + ultrasound mixing technology in the industry is effective in reducing fibrous protein interference and ensuring accurate results; samples, emergency function, providing green corridors for chest pain centre samples, detecting unimpeded access; calibration quality control.
Intelligent design with bar codes, full automatic mixing, and so on, easier and more efficient operation. Cretin detection: foreign monopoly, domestic manufacturer gradual growth.
In 2018, the global condensation market was 8.6%, and China was about 19.0%, with a sharp rise in the international average, and China’s potential for accelerated expansion in the future is enormous. Multi-national enterprises occupy our main share of the condensation market, and there is wide room for import substitution.
To be occupied by Siemens, Wolfensohn, Stagger, and Heisingham Maykang, in the domestic market, the Meri market has only 3 per cent, and it is expected that, as the performance and branding of domestic firms improves, domestic firms are expected to gradually take over more market shares from importing firms.
Figure 58: Competition patterns in the global laboratory blood test market
▪ The medical image industry comprises ct, mri, ultrasound, dsa, ddr, etc., the global medical image industry, with a market size of $42 billion in 2017, maintained an overall growth rate of around 4%, China ' s 2017 market had $7.3 billion, and China ' s market grew faster than the global market.
Over the last two years, ultrasound operations have not grown in certainty, driven by temporary stress, high demand, and equipment upgrades. Murray's medical imaging operations include ultrasound equipment and digital x-ray imaging products. In 2020, $4.2 billion was collected, compared to 13.5% in five years.
The sub-products, which correspond to the overall industry trends, were nearly 25,000 in 2020; sales, ultrasounds slowed down, purchases slowed down at the grass-roots level and private hospitals in 2019, the epidemic was affected in 2020, and it is expected to return to high levels in the future as the epidemic resumes and medical construction progresses.
(a) Medical ultrasound diagnostic equipment with no radiation hazards, high value for value, excellent performance, extensive application, intoxication, emergency and icu multiclinical rooms;
The scale of the equipment market will reach RMB 7-20 billion, and Murray has high-end, super-products, and it's hoped that.
6% market share, sixth place. As business continues, Murray is now the fifth-largest ultrasound supplier, but the market is still single-digit and there is much room for upswing.
Figure 67: Competition patterns in the ultrasound global market in 2017 The country’s high-end ultrasound market has greater potential, bringing development space with the expansion of the ultrasound room. According to the Euro100 million think tank report, China expects the ultrasound equipment market to reach 60,000 by 2022, close to close.
The country’s lower- and middle-end ultrasound has been largely nationalized, but there is still a lot of alternative space in the high-end field, and the public department re series still has a lot of room for growth in the core ultrasound room of the level-II hospital.
During the year’s new coronary resistance, the Merim series was widely used on the anti-epidemic front line, such as the icu section, which, through image-assisted diagnostics, is expected to accelerate future performance gains in other sections.  In 2013, Murray acquired the United States company Sonare at a cost of $105 million.
A leading company in the field of high-end radiology, which launched the high-end superresona series, launched the zst field light platform, developed by the US-China Research and Development Centre, breaking the technical limitations of the traditional ultrasound imaging platform and realizing the need for simultaneous ultrasound images that enhance spatial, temporal and organizational homogeneity.
The company ' s Myrry Medical Solo Voice, which, because of its high flexibility, plays an important role in the epidemic, accelerates inter-sectional penetration, and is expected to continue to contribute to sales in the future. Emerging business: the realm of imagination and space for sustainable development.
Microsurgery: 100 billion Blue Sea Markets, where Murray is a strong competitor, medical endoscopic mirrors in microscopic surgical devices are common clinical devices that concentrate on optical, human engineering, precision machinery, modern electronics, computer software, etc. for clinical examination, diagnosis, treatment, etc.
Medical equipment to provide doctors with images of the body's internal anatomy structure. It is divided mainly into soft mirrors (gas mirrors, intestinal mirrors, etc.), hard mirrors (peritoneal mirrors, joint mirrors).
The image of the white-lighted endoscope is based on a visible spectroscopy of 400-7000nm and the fluorescent is based on a 400-9000nm spectra, which compares the white light with the ability of the below-surface tissue (e.g., gall bladder tubes, lymph tubes and angioplasty) and plays a key role in precision positioning in the technique and in reducing the risk of surgery, as illustrated below.
Under the white light view, urchins are mixed with other organizations, doctors can only judge by experience, and fluorescent horizons are clear enough to allow the doctor to perform an exact cut. The future direction is a micro-ingent surgery, a clear endoscope image, and a back-up of endoscopy technology.
In the early stages of development, the endoscope track is less than 10% of the country's production rate.
Compared to developed countries abroad, fluorescent rigid mirrors began to develop in 2016 and are in the early stages of industrial development, with overall technological levels and industrialization lagging behind developed countries. In 2018, 90% of the country’s endoscopic market was foreign, with less than 10% of the country’s product plate, with only 5% of the rigid mirrors produced.
▪ Fluorescent mirrors are better able to meet clinical needs, and the market share is expected to increase over the years. From the point of view of the end-of-the-scope system, because of the ability of the fluorescent end-of-life mirror system to be visible in both white and fluorescent modes, an integrated equipment function, i.e., to satisfy traditional whites, can be achieved for end-of-life medical institutions.
The clinical needs of endoscopes also meet the high demand for fluorescent vision surgery with regard to the ability to identify the stoves, effectively reducing the equipment of the operating room and increasing the capacity of the hospital to purchase adequate budgets for the treatment of the unit. Therefore, end-of-pipe medical institutions are more willing to purchase the products of the fluorescent endoscope whole system.
In the future, the market share of fluorescent products in the endoscopic market will increase from year to year, while the market for white mirrors will account for 6.5 billion yuan yuan in 2019, with Carl Stoes, Olympus, Seck as the main player; the market for fluorescent mirrors will be only 110 million won (1.7 per cent of the total), with a double oligarch.
The situation, monopolized by two major corporations, Novadaq and Opmandi, is expected to continue to rise rapidly in the future. Figure 74: China ' s rigid mirror market pattern in 2018 (millions of yuan, prices) Figure 75: China ' s fluorescent rigid mirror market pattern in 2019 (millions of yuan, manufacturing)
▪ High-level fluorescent endoscopy systems accelerate national production replacements and become a new engine for future development. Murray now has three products in the internal mirror series: hypixelr1, u1 and hd3, of which r1 is the 4k endoscopic endoscopy system launched in 2021.
▪ Fluiddirecttm technology on board by hypixeltmr1 without changing the operating habits of the operation, real-time fluorescent stacking, marking and navigation in the technique, with high sensitivity of fluorescent signals, clear and precise with white image boundaries, and able to switch green fluorescent, black and white with one key
Fluorescents, whites, tridecimals, etc. The main clinical applications of the fluorescent model include: (1) a visualization of the dirty and the stove, real-time positioning navigational cut-off; (2) a visualization of the front post lymph lymphomy and avoidance of excessive clean-up; and (3) an assessment of gastrointestinal blood supply to reduce the incidence of match-and-fistula, which should be expected in the future.
The White Paper on the pet medicine industry 2020 shows that, as of last year, the total number of dogs and cats in our family was growing.
There are more than 100 million of them, with 23% of the country’s pet households, 45% in Britain, and 69% in the United States, which is still lower. Myrie’s forward-looking veterinary track, which has accumulated for more than 10 years, especially in the European and American markets, is dominated by custody and ultrasound equipment.
• The country ' s health expenditure has grown rapidly in recent years, reaching $40.5 billion in 2019 and 23 per cent in the past three years, and we believe that the future pet track will continue to grow at a high rate, based on three points: steady progress in the first economy and growing consumption; and second-born only children and monolithic crowds.
In response to the growth of the pet market, Murray established Shenzhen Murray Animals Technology Ltd. in October 2020, with a registered capital of $200 million, focusing on animal medicine.
The cost of technology migration before veterinary and human devices is low, and Méri animal medicine, with the group ' s accumulated technology and patents in the human field for many years, can provide a holistic solution to the animal medicine of three other categories: images, operating theatres, laboratories.
In March 2021, Méri Animals launched a brand-new anaesthetic respirator veta series to deal with anaesthesia and venting in animals during surgery.
Most of the anesthetic machines are simple anesthesia machines, which do not support the respiratory function, while the maintenance of kinetic communication during the operation is essential to the success or failure of the operation. In view of this, the Miri animal medicine "redefinition of animal anesthesia machines" begins with "give animals the same life care as humans."
Market-oriented introduction of the animal anesthetic machine veta series, which allows for intelligent gas. With vs intelligent gas mode, doctors have to choose animal weights, and one key automatically synchronizes the process of intoxication and the support of air. This is a real anaesthetic respirator designed by industry as an integrated first.
The Murray Animal Medical bc-5,000vet full automatic five-class blood cell analyser, which was developed jointly with the teacher at the Chengdu Bear and Cat breeding base, is the only fully automated five-class blood analysis currently available in industry that allows blood analysis of big pandas.
Figure 80: The range of Méri animal medical services is wide-ranging and product-lined to provide a safe, accurate and comfortable clinical experience for all types of animals. Overall, Méri has developed a layered product line with the strength for sustainable development.
Future growth operations include micro-surgery, pet medicine, aed, orthopaedics, etc., and active operations such as chemical lighting, color ultrasound, mature and competitive cash flows with custody, lightbeds, blood cells, biochemical contributions and sufficient performance growth perspectives.
Global Markets: The track scene is not changing, and the world's economy is going to accelerate, and the world's markets are expanding steeply, and emerging markets and mature overseas markets have a wide space, and the size of the global international medical equipment market remains stable, as measured by the weight of evaluatemedtech and medical equipment.
In 2020, demand surged as a result of the epidemic, and the market is expected to be larger than 500 billion, and global estimates suggest that we account for about 15 per cent of the world's total, US$ billion, and that there is more room for development than the world's leading companies.
Figure 84: World ' s top 20 medical industry receipts in 2020 (millions of United States dollars). Emerging markets abroad are in the early stages of development, with countries accounting for a larger share of gdp. Most of the emerging market countries are below 6%, compared to 16.89% in developed countries, such as the United States.
In the Asia-Pacific region, for example, the Asia-Pacific region, which accounts for 60 per cent of the world’s population, is receiving 28 per cent of the income of globally listed life science firms in 2020 from the Asia-Pacific region, and research and development capacity is gradually developing.
In 2014, Méri Medical established a branch in Nairobi, the capital of Kenya. At present, Méri Medicine and 16 Central and Eastern European countries are in the health sector.
There is cooperation. In Poland, for example, Merri’s medical care covers more than 85% of public hospitals and private clinics, while in countries like Hungary and Serbia, Murray works with universities and hospitals.
• Emerging markets are well organized, with an emphasis on localization. For example, Merri India started operating in 2006 and, through the establishment of regional offices in Gorgang, Mumbai, Chennai and Calcutta, well-established local distribution and apparel networks have been established, with a total of over 100 sales teams in India and localization processes.
Developing countries are expected to continue China’s development path and grow together with the market. Companies have practical experience in areas such as procurement management, supplier management, organizational structure, cooperative concepts, and in-house information systems.
China’s development path is expected to provide holistic solutions in the process of offering guidance overseas, the company’s current product integrity, emerging markets, and more competitively, and the penetration rate in developing countries is expected to accelerate in the future as the corporate brand’s global reputation rises.
Figure 85: Total health expenditure as a percentage of gdp per country 2018 (%) The mature market consists mainly of Europe and the United States and accounts for more than half of the world ' s share, and according to evaluatemedtech, the share of the United States market in medical devices is expected to increase to $230 billion in 2020 (+3.65%), Europe
Breaking through these two markets is a challenge. The epidemic has put some pressure on global economic development, but at the same time it has been a wake-up call to the nation's health-care system, so high-value products have a competitive advantage.
In addition, Italy, Spain, France, Germany, etc. are planning to invest billions of Euros in health, with a focus on the construction of icu beds, with 300 localized in Murray Europe.
The U.S. market's technological highlands need to continue to penetrate high-end products. The U.S. has 500 localised teams, custodians, anesthesia machines, Poc ultrasound, all third in the U.S. market and market share.
The U.S. market as a technologically high ground where competitive products can grind the best products in the customer’s constant testing and keep growing steadily. Chart 88: M.M.I.A. Hospitals and Agencies in the U.S.
There are many high-quality, high-tech barriers, with the combined power of globalisation, which are dominated by innovations in medical instruments and long life cycles, but with a low single ceiling, diversified development is a huge road. But the demands on companies are higher when we know the commons of Medtory, Rhodes, Ge and others.
As the division expands, we believe that there is a commonality among these enterprises: precision track control, efficient and high-intensity R & D, clear market insight, and strong marketing. Miri’s M & A expansion, with successful business expansion, has the potential to break through high-end markets in advanced countries.
Through M&As, it enriches product lines, and arranges overseas markets. In 2008, with $202 million in cash, it acquired datashops, acquired artema, expanded technology and marketing for overseas life custody operations and acquired critical anaesthetic technologies; in 2011-2012, Méri's intensive fabrics were ivd, pumped, pumped.
Osteoporology and endoscope operations; in 2013-2014, high-end ultrasound image business for the Euro-American market was acquired at $105 million, and the oscillated Oceania distribution network was acquired, followed by the absorption of high-quality domestic labels and the addition of key operations, such as vd industry line condensation, in 2021
It's true that some of these businesses, though not first-released in the country, have been able to do so.
We believe that three decades of development in Murray have moved gradually to a phase centred on markets and R & D to a phase of high-value-added products.
In contrast to overseas countries, China’s medical equipment industry is an up-front development process, taking as an example the development of medical equipment in overseas countries, and looking at the development model of Chinese medical equipment enterprises abroad.
▪ We believe that the development of the medical equipment industry is closely linked to the technological accumulation and policy orientation of the country, but the ultimate core competitiveness of enterprises is innovation, but in the course of development, China's logic of going to the sea, unlike other countries, is an inverse innovation that extends upwards.
The U.S. is home to most of the world's medical equipment giants, such as Beckman, Medley, Johnson, Szek, Condler, etc., and the medical equipment industry accounts for 40% of the global market, with rapid growth in addition to higher demand.
It also benefits from a pool of talent, the regularization of the vetting process, and strong national support, the clustering of enterprises, universities, hospitals, effective communication, and the promotion of technological transformation. The United States has a well-developed basic industry, which can be supported in a variety of ways, such as machinery, materials, electronics, etc., and can contribute to the production of a variety of high-end innovative products.
Israel’s “compulsory military service” has become one of the major factors affecting Israel’s entrepreneurship, and much of the advances in health care have come from defence.
Israel’s annual growth rate of health-care patents reached 20 per cent in 1999-2003, the third largest in the world. Moreover, Israel is an active source of international acquisitions and acquisitions because of its limited domestic market capacity and its inability to provide a complete industrial chain in the face of high-technology technologies.
And because of political factors that prevent their products from being sold to neighbouring countries in the Middle East, companies tend to move core technology to other countries to hatch, with China becoming one of Israel's best options, and China's investments in Israel from 2014 to 2016, according to the Qing Institute of Sciences.
China’s enterprises have gone out to the sea: they have grown to the top with high quality prices, high customer demand. At the end of the 19th century, thanks to overseas medical firms such as ge, Medelli and China’s construction of plants, our country has become globalized.
China’s ability to efficiently deliver low-cost, high-quality products is a unique advantage for developing its enterprises. In response to the characteristics of world markets, Chinese firms have gradually emerged from the sea through their value-for-money advantages, such as in the sea.
Explosive cross-border electrician Sheln, who is a fast-priced fashion apparel product, electronic accessories ankerza, technology plus innovation won the favor of overseas markets, the same market logic, the reverse development of the medical equipment market, the development of specific customers, is a unique development path for Chinese enterprises and, in the process, progress has been made.
In January of 2019, Japan’s health-care industry was encouraged by the increase in the share of health-care costs and imported medical equipment, as well as by the increase in the share of health-care equipment.
We published One of Japan's In-depth Research in the Medical Devices Industry: A Whole Book, which shows that the value of Japanese medical devices continued to grow at a high level between 1995 and 2007 and that the financial crisis has disrupted a certain percentage down since then, and we believe that the reasons for the growth up to 2007 were:
In accordance with the law on medicine, the MHLW introduced a pre-market approval system for certain iiis classified under fda, such as biological materials, artificial bones, artificial joints, artificial vascular vessels, artificial kidneys, pacemaker, artificial crystals.
In 1989, the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Welfare issued the medical equipment gmp system; and since 1995, medical devices have been subject to comprehensive supervision. We believe that the country has become more heavily regulated, the research and development cycle in the business sector has become longer and the return on investment has increased, and health insurance costs have led to space for Māori ratios.
During this period, the international market for medical equipment has grown rapidly, the industry has gradually expanded globally, and the share of imported products in the Japanese market for medical equipment has gradually increased.
China’s reform of the supply side of medical equipment has been profound, and enterprises have gone to the sea for historic development. We believe that, drawing on Japan’s development patterns, as medical reform continues, it is becoming a trend for home-grown enterprises to travel to the sea, on the one hand.
Markets open the space for long-term development, and, on the other hand, they are able to effectively tap down the price risk of products that are purchased by hedges. Businesses such as cro have made a smooth trip to the sea and have had a positive impact on China’s corporate reputation abroad, and China has made progress towards the world as a result of the epidemic.
Our imports and exports are more evenly balanced than Japan ' s imports and exports of medical devices, but structurally, exports are mainly at the lower and medium ends and imports at the higher end; since 2006, our exports and imports of medical instruments and devices have changed from a deficit to a surplus, from export and export since 2017.
The volume of sales of imported products has increased at a similar rate, and the impact of the epidemic has led to a significant increase in the proportion of businesses going to the sea, which is not expected to lead to an increase in exports. While industry as a whole has grown together, there is still a gap in some high-end technologies.
▪ The country’s industrial level has risen and the volume and complexity of equipment exports has grown rapidly. Medical equipment involves multiple disciplines, high levels of manufacturing, and the country’s overall exports of medical equipment have steadily increased in double digits in recent years. This has been accompanied by an increase in the country’s industrial water bodies, resulting in an improvement in overall manufacturing levels, 2001
By 2019, exports had increased from $639 million to $12.9 billion, or 18 per cent in compound growth. Structurally, exports were dominated by medium- and low-end exports, with a lower proportion of high-end exports.
For example, in our past development, we have developed a cluster of electronics in upstream materials, medium-stream electronic components, downstream hardware software and information services that provide robust support and below-the-ground safeguards for the cost control of the industrial chain of medical devices.
Figure 97: Cumulative value of imports and exports of high-end life science and technology products, according to a study of the complexity of exports of medical equipment in China, China increased the complexity of exports of high-end medical equipment between 2001 and 2018, but for such countries as Israel, Switzerland,
There is still a wide disparity among countries with advanced equipment levels in the world, such as the United States. The aggregate data on imports and exports of electronic components for high-end equipment shows that our imports continue to be relatively high, and the technological development of medical devices as a whole is a major challenge.
China’s aggregate exports and imports of electronic components The renminbi appreciated against the United States dollar, and the overall domestic industrial chain is expected to upgrade at an accelerated pace. From historical data, the renminbi appreciation is accompanied by a downward trend in the volume of exports of the country’s overall medical equipment, with the outbreak stage due to the sea
The demand for external appliances has led to an increase in data. But overall, the appreciation of the renminbi since 2020 has accelerated, creating a certain downward pressure on our exports, a trend in which low-value-added products will lose some of the competitive edge in global market prices, inefficient producers will speed up the clean-up, and the industry as a whole is expected.
Figure 100: Trends in the exchange rate of the renminbi against the United States dollar and in medical equipment and a combination of exports (US$ billion)
Cost dividends are limited. First, we believe that countries with high levels of self-motivation, low cost, high quality and supply efficiency are not being targeted for relocation in the world as they are in China. Second, developed international industrial chains face cost increases retroactively.
The growth of cross-border M & As transactions and the emergence of enabling firms to break through technological and channel bottlenecks – and, in the context of globalization, to break through intellectual property barriers through M & As – can accelerate the transformation of business innovation. According to German consulting analysis, the number of cases of overseas M & As in M & As transactions in China is in the following categories:
We believe that the technological and channel gap with foreign producers can be facilitated by capital, the acquisition of high-quality foreign investment targets, the acceleration of short-fixing and the maintenance of a leading position in the market.
There has been an unprecedented increase in domestic attention to health care, and according to the data generated by flintstone, in the first half of 2021 only, the domestic market: based on China's population, policy, technology, and a high-cost market ceiling, the ageing trend has created a strong demand-side dynamic, and China has opened the Golden Decade for instrument development.
▪ In terms of development trends: Japan’s ageing population has brought prosperity to the health-care industry, and reference is made to Japan’s lack of certainty in terms of growth in the health-care sector. Japan’s population over 65 years of age reached 28.14 per cent in 2018 and, as a result of the ageing process, the payment of national health-care costs has gradually increased.
The market is expected to grow steadily in the future as the ageing of the population increases, taking into account Japan’s development trends. It has reached 634.1 billion yuan a year, with a complex growth rate of 19.7% in the last three years, well above the global growth rate.
The equipment accounts for 33% and 67% of medical equipment, respectively. Chart 106: The size of China ' s market for medical devices from 2016 to 2020 (millions of yuan) is expected to continue to expand.
(a) The market size is calculated at the price of the medical apparatus* sales volume and the impact factors are dissipated:
Limited. The impact of personal capacity to pay increases with the population’s disposable income.
This policy will be further enhanced by a comparative analysis with other countries: our per capita health spending was only $501 per year in 2018, which is dozens of times higher than that of the world’s developed countries.
The gap, the distance from the typical national average, from this point of view, is that there is still a large gap at the end of the country ' s overall health needs, and that the future will be accompanied by an increase in the economy as a whole, and the market will have considerable scope.
There is still a significant gap between domestic per capita health resources and major countries around the globe, with our country in the middle of the world in terms of the number of beds per 100,000 or the number of doctors.
In 2018, the number of doctors per 1,000 population was two, compared to four in Germany. China will still need to invest in medical resources on a continuous basis to meet the growing number of doctors.
Figure 110: Comparison of basic health resources in China and Germany
Réduard is very much needed. “New development patterns based on a domestic, domestic and international dual cycle, mutually reinforcing” suggests that a higher level of security and high-tech development of our industrial system would be required, and that MacRey, on the one hand, could benefit from an upgrading of industrial technology under a two-cycle pattern, leading to a more external cycle.
Strong; on the other hand, it is expected that the alternative growth logic of national production will continue to be realized in the domestic cycle. In July, four ministries launched the "14th Five-Year Programme for the Development of a Quality and Efficient Health Service System " , which places a high demand on the development of public hospitals, with the construction of regional health centres indicating that emphasis will be placed on strengthening housing.
Measures such as building houses, acquiring medical equipment, and accelerating the renovation of diagnostic equipment. In the construction of medical services in the provinces, efforts have been made to establish 3-A hospitals in each municipality, serving districts with a population of more than 1 million, with district hospitals with the capacity to provide hardware facilities and services in the city’s level-III hospitals, which are medical equipment enterprises.
Figure 111: Implementation Programme for the Construction of a Quality and Efficient Health Service System
Upgrading the facilities and equipment of major medical science platforms such as national priority laboratories. Deep use of technology such as 5g, artificial intelligence, building state-of-the-art hospitals, building major disease data centres. Promotion of inter-regional and inter-institutional information system connectivity, mutual recognition, terminology and data integration.
Construction of regional medical centres Further expansion of regional medical centre construction areas, export hospitals and specialist areas and simultaneous integration of high-level hospitals with export tasks into regional medical centres
To provide coverage in all provinces by 2023, to complete nationwide planning, to complete the construction of regional health centres by 2025, to promote high-quality health-care resources, to expand the coverage and regional balance, and to address acute and difficult public health problems primarily within the province; to focus on strengthening the construction of operational housing, the acquisition of medical equipment, information and scientific research platforms, the establishment of a telemedicine and educational platform, and to speed up the intelligent transformation of diagnostic equipment.
Upgrading to equip it with the technical skills, pool of personnel, clinical teaching and scientific research required as an export hospital, and to use the regional health service system as a “head geese”.
The construction of some 120 provincial regional health centres has led to the creation of high-quality medical services, medical research and human resources in the provinces with a strong lead and radiation-driven role; the development of high-lying areas, with a marked reduction in the level of diagnosis and treatment of priority diseases in the provincial capitals; and the strengthening of special centres for chest pain, pawns, trauma, respiratory and oncological treatment, and centres for chronic disease management.
The market size of the medical “new infrastructure” is more than $10 billion. We estimate the market share of the increase in the monitor and the respirator, based on the Public Health Prevention and Treatment Capacity Building Programme.
It is estimated that the new capital market is approximately 12.7 billion yuan.
On the institutional level, there are restrictions on the licensing of the opening up of type B equipment in the free trade zone; on national production substitution, higher value for domestic products is a better option than in drigs and hospital reviews.
In the first half of 2020, about 3.5 trillion yuan in local government bonds were issued nationwide, including special debt.
On 9 February 2021, the Ministry of Labour and Communications and others, on 6 July 2020, the National Development and Reform Commission issued $456.6 billion in investments in the central health budget for 2020 to strengthen capacity-building in public health prevention and treatment.
The Ministry of Finance issued on July 30, 2020 the “Providing Support for Emergency Material Security System”
(a) Notification of the budget for construction grants for high-end medical equipment such as equipment, which urgently requires critical materials and seismic components, the breaking of basic technology bottles, and the proposed allocation of $30 billion for system-building, which effectively guarantees the safety of the industrial chain and the supply chain;
:: Diagnostic testing equipment, supervision and life support equipment in priority development areas. 23 July 2020: Priority tasks for the second half of the year 2020 for the deepening of the reform of the medical and health system were issued by the Council of State, which promoted the development of grade-based medical consultations and medical and health information.
“Observations of the Office of the State Council on the Promotion of Quality Development in Public Hospitals”
The aim is to establish a sound and modern hospital management system that will strengthen institutional innovation, technological innovation, and the restructuring of the equipment of the large category B medical establishments (free trade pilot zone model, management innovation, accelerated expansion of quality medical resources and regional balance.
Quality development in public hospitals: strengthening of clinical expertise to meet major diseases
Clinical needs are directed towards the development of clinical specializations, priority development of intensive diseases, tumours, cerebral tubes, breathing, digestion, infections, paediatrics, anaesthesia, images, pathology, testing, etc.
Specialists, with specialist development leading to improved capacity and level of care. Continuous improvement of the quality of medical care.
High-quality, high-value products match domestic demand, and Murray’s strong supply chain system ensures high-quality manufacturing, quality-oriented and intelligent supply chain systems.
The quality requirements are higher in the product, with more than 32,000 parts of a pusher produced at the Murray factory, which is a combination of almost 100 Swiss watch parts. Moreover, the crude blood valve of the blood cell fraction requires 2 nm, approximately 1/3000 in the hair-wire diameter, which is a reflection of the refined production.
Murray already has nearly 80 products granted a fda510 (k) market access permit, reflecting a very high degree of quality: why does Murray have a better product than his colleagues?
On the ground, a large number of smart equipment and information systems have been introduced, thereby reducing dependence on people, the scada system (data collection and surveillance control), intelligent visualization management, and more than 1,500 sensors have been installed at the Nanjing plant in the engineering chain to enable microscopic resolution data collection.
The amount of data available every minute is 100,000. The sqa (supplyqualitancy) is actively involved in the management of the off-site monitoring of the operational status of the various devices, leading to quality improvements in the upstream supply chain. The luminous data centre at Shenzhen, pups, supports 8 to 10 hours.
In terms of disaster backup, the data from the Murray Centers are backed up by logs every 20 minutes, and the tape is backed up every day.
Movement control, automated warehousing management, precision temperature control through high standards of technical conditions, and current temperature, safe delivery and high-efficiency emergency preparedness systems.
Intelligent lifts, high-precision processing, which is connected to the full-scale application of linear and data transfer techniques.
Production can be carried out in a high-precision, digitally equipped precision machine processing plant, pgba board production, statistically optimized production variables, in real time, by ensuring the process, technology, etc., by integrating production patterns, and by improving production efficiency while improving production efficiency.
The company's manufacturing system is autonomous in its search for the core production technology of the Union.
The company operates a country-wide system of transport of diagnostic reagent cold chains, intelligent production, and the development of more than 6,200 smart orthopaedic devices.
Unlike normal partnerships, Murray and the supplier are growing relationships that actively assist and support domestic suppliers in importing raw materials.
In the future, most of the raw materials involved in the product come from domestic suppliers, the vast majority of which are obtained within a 40-km radius from Shenzhen. At the same time, the research and development sector of companies invests in and works through the implementation of dfp (procurementable design) throughout the business value chain.
Parallel works in the direction of dfma (manufactureable design), marketability, maintenance etc., take full account of supplier resource requirements at the outset of research and development and lay a sound foundation for the efficient management of the entire supply chain, thus allowing for better performance in terms of quality, cost and delivery in the future.
Figure 116: Murray strictly controls the quality of the supplier, upgrades the vendor dfm (face 2), ensures stable material delivery,
3 - Growing up to adapt to the company's design for manufacturing) - Engineering technology reduces the frequency of products coming out of the market.
(a) Development, competitive supply capacity, growing with Murray;
By the end of 2020, Murray had a total of 716 registrations, leading colleagues, and a wealth of products could provide hospitals with more integrated solutions and a high degree of informationization.
▪ We believe that, in the context of intelligent hospitals, information-based construction, Murray has a greater advantage: contrasts, Philips, Siemens, etc., medical equipment companies, which have a much broader product line;
Most of the giants such as April and Poko are concentrated in a specialist room, and Murray, through three major operations, has access to more than 10 rooms, covering a wide area, with competitive advantages, and the company's introduction of the U.S.R.R., the M.I.M., the S.I.C.I. program is more sticky, which is expected to contribute to product stability.
Figure 117: Number of Mairry Medical Devices Registers (numbers) Figure 118: The range and level of product coverage of Murray's main medical camp
In addition to medical tests, physiological parameters, and case data, the benefits of current intelligence are in inter-school information coordination: it can improve the end-point stickyness of products and secure market share;
(a) The ability to reduce the number of doctors at the grass-roots level and the low level of consultations through information connectivity, thereby facilitating the penetration of products in the grass-roots market;
The IUPAC solution is a comprehensive upgrading of the management of the institution by means of an information system, an improvement in the efficiency of the operation of the unit, an order in which the complex work is organized, and an easy response to the challenges for the clinical staff, with patients at the centre, to improve the quality of the service.
With this, Murray is expected to increase the penetration of products in the market and ensure long-term sound growth advantages. Equipment, upgrades and consultations. Quality is patient-centred, bringing data from bedside equipment such as respirators, injection pumps, etc. to the monitor and integrating the data organically, creating intelligent assistive applications to help the doctor.
The patient is at the centre of the patient, which integrates all equipment data around the bed, so that the patient is at all times aware of the disease at the work station, at the nurse's station, at the doctor's office, at the hospital and outside the hospital.
Support automatic identification of patients, collection of patient data, infusion of fluids, closed loop management, thus freeing the medical staff's hands and devoting more time to caring for patients.
Figure 119: IUF solutions Chart 120: IUSR system in collaboration with the Institute to build an efficient information system
We're working together to break through the problem of in vitro diagnosis. Murray is working together on allab, developing the ai product of blood cell analysis, and exploring further the integration and use of ai in vitro diagnosis.
A combination of the technical advantages of clinical experts, big data, etc., and integrated solutions to tungsten clouds, together, to promote cell recognition of blood cell morphology analysers with the goal of reaching world leaders, to improve the quality of testing in the Chinese medical sector, to reduce the rate of manual or induced errors, and to reduce the number of test personnel.
China has joined forces to create remote ultrasound centres at the grass-roots level, to accompany them in their development. Huayun and Mai-Ri have joined forces to build remote ultrasound centres, set up a Merry-based remote ultrasound teaching base, and will work more closely with grass-roots medical structures that are in demand within the group, within the region and throughout the country.
We predict future corporate income and profits: life information and support business: the business is relatively mature, domestic market equipment is upgraded and new
Capital, etc., brings market demand, emerging markets abroad are expanding, domestic experiences are expected to be replicated, mature markets overseas are upgraded + high-end penetration, benefit from a new round of health infrastructure worldwide, and life information and support operations are expected to grow robustly in the future.
In vitro diagnostic operations: the acquisition of upstream raw materials for chemical light operations brings about overall competitive strength and cost control Capacity enhancement, with a long-term expectation of optimized profits and a real and rapid growth of Murray in the context of national production substitution; and a leading domestic and external market share for biochemical, blood cell operations, with a potential to deepen the market profile
Medical video business: with the continued release of the coloured superb business, and the prospect of a market hot spot, the global market is expected to grow at a lower rate in 2020, as a result of the new coronary epidemic, and demand in the courtyard is expected to recover gradually in the future.
Image operations are accompanied by a revival of growth. Given the strong advantages of the company’s three main lines of business, the size of the domestic market, the abundance of the goods, the clear path of future internationalized growth, and the promise of overseas emerging markets to replicate China’s practical experience, mature markets, etc.
High-end products are expected to be successfully retraced without taking into account the profits of the M&As and giving 12 months of acquisition risk. State Organization Joint Purchase Office for high-value medical consumables, 23 August 2021, Publication of National Organization Manual Portal Merger Procurement Document (h-hd2021-1), 2021
On 19 August of that year, the Centre for the Central Procurement of Medicines in Anhui Province issued the Notice of Negotiations for the Negotiation of a Centralized Reagent Procurement at Public Health Institutions in Anhui Province, and on 28 July 2021, the Shenzhen City Finance Department issued the “Competition for bulk procurement of eight categories of medical equipment for municipal public health institutions in 2021”
Volume procurement for mri, ct, dr, b super, respirator, anaesthetic machine, casket, monitor (total of 8 types of medical equipment), such as future consumption of materials in the domestic market, equipment, reagent tape purchases or increased pressure on health insurance fees, may generate increased profits on corporate income
▪ Exchange rate and customs risk. Companies have a higher share of overseas operations, and international exchange rate fluctuations have a certain impact on the net profits of the company.
The company’s share of overseas operations is increasing, and changes in international trade policy can cause greater disruptions to business operations, with negative policy implications that lead to less than anticipated risks in terms of research and development of new products from overseas.
The technology in the field is high-end, cross-disciplinary, and there is a risk of failure in the development of medical devices, or, as a result, the company’s business is expanding at a slower pace than expected.
Larger groups of dealers who cannot effectively manage their dealers in the future, or who are in the sales chain in violation of the law and fail to provide high-quality services, will affect the company’s brand image and its products for mergers and acquisitions less than expected. Companies acquire overseas companies or have potential debt risk, litigation, etc.
There is uncertainty about friction in international trade, and if there is a pessimistic change in the external environment, the company’s operations abroad will be affected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment