Mesophorus (300308.sz) Waiting for dawn; first coverage rated neutral to reflect tariff uncertainties (summary) Mesophorus is the leading optical communication reception and dispatch module (equipment that allows data to be transmitted via fibre-optic cables)
Enterprises, with a global market share of about 5% in 2017. The company has now become a major supplier of cloud programs such as Google, Amazon, Alibaba and Tseng, and will take the lead in launching the next generation of 400g products in 2019. At the same time, the company will be actively involved in mobile 5g communications.
Markets, whose products have been recognized by China and China. We expect cloud and 5g heavy capital spending engines to drive industry growth, while middle-rises will be able to leverage strong R & D market value: rmb19.9bn/$2.9bn
Business value: rmb20.1bn/$2.9bn, because US clients contribute about 60% of the total revenue from middle Xin, we think that if it were for the United States, we would be able to make a difference.
In addition to raising tariffs, the company’s profits will be significantly affected. Although no tariff factor has been included in our projections, based on our scenario analysis (where pressure tests have been conducted on the main suppliers of the middle-rises) we estimate that:
Given the uncertainty of tariffs, we've multiplied by 20 times the value of the historical bottom of the Mid-Story Valley. We have also conducted different scenario analyses, including a 70% probability of a 25% tariff increase and a non-tariff increase, based on Goldman Sachs macroeconomic team projections.
The scenario gives a 30% probability, and this method is valued at 43 yuan.
Ratings since 13 September 2018 Income statement (rmmmn) Middle Quantities (300308.sz)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
And marketshigh-speedopticianseivermodules-deveicesthatenable the transmissionofdataviaopticalfiberable.witc.5% grobalmalketshareasof2017, innolightisalreadyatopsuppleuercludproviderslikegoogle, amazon, alibabaand
At the sametime, it's almost to the 5gmobilizationsmarketwithits productsaladyqualied by Huaweiandzte.
It's 60% opentotalrevenue, and there's a lot of work to do.
(b) impactonologys.wholewedon'tordateanytarfsintoourestimatates, besedon ourscenarionalisthatincladress-testinginnolightstopsuppliers,wesee: a10 per cent Tariffeduceepsby 12/16 per cent/2 per cent (18e/19e/20e);
#1 superiorr&dstrengthtablemanageteamwithrichexperienceinr&d
#2: fastdesciencemakingandproductreshcycle
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Trustbuilding with keepcustoms #3: Best-in-classoperactionofability lowerr & dandsg & acostsvs.overseapers
Highherros profitmarginvs. domesticpeers theopticaltranscelimodulomaretcanbedivideintotwomainsectors, telecom and datacom(i.e.datacenters/clud). Thetetlecommarketcanbefurdivididedinto
Fixed-linework, tradeportnetworkworkandwirelesswork (e.g., 4g, 5g).
Datacom: 20% cagrbetween 2018 and 2022, realising $5.8billion.
I don't know, continuedpenetrationoffiberdinnew-Builtdatacentersand (3)opticaltransceiver datarateupgradhenewbuiltdatacenters.
2018 to 2022, arvingat $1.7billion. (1) Werecastat the global5gbasestationwillreachad12millionunitsin2027 (theendofthe5g cycle), dublethenumofthetotal4gbasestationsduetoshorcoveragea. (2)
25 gand100gopticaltransceivermoduleswillbeethemainstreamchoicefor the 5g frontaultransmissionworks vs.10gmodulesfor4gnetworks. financials
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your kind words, but I'd like to thank you for your kind words.
Innocenthalsohassupreorroethan themajorityofitsglobalpeers, belowindustry averagecastconversationcycle, with lowendtablefinancieverage.weseehealthy and growingfreeflowoflowoverseventhenextreyries.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
At the end of the day, I'd like to thank you for your help, and I'd like to thank you very much for your help.
25% tariff: rmb32 (basedon20xp/eon2019eepsofrm1.61), 24%downside ourusmacroteamassigns 70% chanceoftariffimplementation, with 25% on non-consumerproducts, adneventual "deal"tobereachedin12months'time.
basedonthis, 70% probabilitytoa 25% tariffscenario (20x p/e) +a 30% probabilitytotariffscenario (30xp/e), toderiveanimpliedvalueof strongerweakerdemanfromcludand 5gcapex
"uncertativesaroundtariffimplementation 3.competition fromsiliconphotonics 13 September 2018
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do it again.
2008 innolightresearchches, designs, builders and marketshigh-speedopticanscivermodules-devicesthatablethe
The transientistortransmissionsandwirelessaccession. The transceivermodulesworkbyconvertingersver'ssolecridialsintooptical
Signals, thentransporting thoseoseopticalsbyfiber-opticablesmoadifferentsver, and thinbacking thembackintolexicalsignals. innorightisapure-playopticansseimodulefacturerandskeyinvesters
Includecapitalg, executive-capitalfundofgoogle'sparentalphabetic, and was aquiredinjuly 2017 by zhongjiequipment, ana-sharelistedectricicalequipment manufacturerbasedindandongprovince.
96.57% thecombinedcompany's2h17revenue.
Öticraltranscivermodulesaredevidicesthatenable thetransmissionofdataviaopticalfibercapablesbyconfining eclecticsignalsfromserversintotoppicalsignals, andviceversa. otictransceivermodulesalappliedinmanyscenarios-fromcloudoperatorsleyamazontocommuniformation Qualitation
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"activate" thenetwork.
I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Cdr cdr lader ♪
Pin cdr tia
Rxc cdr pin
1:4 wdddemu tia pin
cdr rx1 tia
I don't know, cdr pin source: companydata
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Marketintheindustryanditsproductectswerewedlyusedammongoloballtieronedatacom players.currently, innightistheno.1100gtransceversupplierpogle, amazon, libaba, tencent, andhuawai, andno.2forfacebook, accordingtonornight
Innocentisalsoamong the firsttodemontamentation 400gosfpand
qsfp-dproductin 2017, and hasalreadrystarshipping theseinsmallvolumesto googleandamazonin2018.thecompanyexpectsvolumeshipin2019.
Innocent'smajorshareholdsareamimitureofhongjiongquipmentmentment, innolightmanement, andinstitutionalinvestors. weixiuwang-chairmanandexgeneralmanagerofhongjiequipment,isthe
largestshareholder, holdinga 15.3% stakeasofjune 2018, throughdirectolding (4.4% st) and shandongzhongjiinvendmentholdingco.ltd. shengliu-ceoofinolight, holds6% stakethroughsuzhouyixingfuco.mgmt.
"Centerandsuzhouyunjinchangco.mgmt.center. Hongxin-exvicechairmanoffzhongjiequipmentin 2012andnowholds6%stake xiaodongwang-chariman'ssonserversasviservicementalmanagerandas 3.8%
"Stakethroughshondongzhongjiinvestingco., Ltd. 13 September 2018 "Middle and Middle Whispering" (300308.sz)
Googlecapital-holdsa 3.0 per cent stakeinininnonolasaninsitutionalinvestor. scenarionalsis: popentialustarimpactress-tasting the sublychain
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
I don't know, it's about 70% chanceoftariffimplementation, with 25% ononnon-consumer 2. Wealsoconductascenariascenoassingtariffsare 10% geventhiswastheoriginal proposedtariffbeforethhitehouselifted theproposalto 25%.
September 13, 2018: 1 % tariff assumptions:
2. Fordtascenterdemandocuscuscustomsoutsidefous, innolightcanship directlytotheendmarket 3.accordingtojoneslanglasalle, 34% overseasdatacentercapability
Underconstructionnowisfromus 4.weassumeforoversidesdemandoutsideus, innightcoverlyship0%/50%/100%toendmarket
1.amongcogs, 65% of thevalueisforopticalandeclecticchips, whichare
Hardtofindalterrealsuppliers 2.weassumefortheotherernon-criticalcomponents, innightcansferhalf ofitstarifftoitsssuppliers
3. Weanalyzedinolight'stop5suppliersin 2014-2016, andestimate3out scenario2: 25% tariff inthiscasebecauseitwouldbemoresevere, believeinnorlightwouldneedto
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, revenuewilbeunchangedsinenightwoulduseanon-chinaoemto manufacturetheirusships cogs
1. Innocent'susdemandaremostly 100gmoduleswithc.28% Gross margincurently 2.assumeemproducedgrosmarginwillbe 5%lower (i.e. 23%), andoem
I'm going to have a 15% chance at 15% of what happens when you've got 10% chance of getting a job, or 10% costmargin. 3. Grossmarginfor100gmmoduleswillbelloweredto
Sophliersover 2014-2016 (suppliernamesfor 2017notdisclosedbynoright) to estimateifinnorightcouldtheoreticallypassonsomeofthetariffpressturetoits suppliers, namelyavago (nownownasbroadcom, coveredbytoshiyahi)
, luxnet (4979.tw,notcovered), andmacom (coveredbymarkdelaney).
Sophliersintheorycoudsustaina 5%-10% pricecutbasedonoursensession analysisbelowmeaninginnorightcoulld Pastontariffpressuretothotheotheofionview. byusingsimplemathsandhishistoricaldatadataholdingeverythingelseteeady, we
40%-60% Grossmarginand a 15%-35% netmargin, venaftera 5% pricecut, and thosemarginswouldtillbe relatively highcomparedtohistohistoritoricallyoughvels.mitsubishi/luxnetontheother
Handaveralativelythin/negativemargins, andthuswould probablybeleskelyto beabletotakepricets.
Midlifedvantages: strongr&d, superiorpacking technology, andfastprojectrefreshcycle
#1: superiorr&dstrength stablemanementteamwithtritechperienceinr&d theglobalopticaltransceivermoduleindustry
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Innocent stopmanageteamhasextenexperienceintheglobalglobalcommunityindustryandhasbeenwith the companyforaround10years.all membersinthecompany'sr anddleadershipammareus-educatedphdsandhave
Heldsignificantr&drelatedpositionsinestablishedindustrygiantslikephotonics, opnext, oplink, intlandageresystems (formerialcatelluscent.) by the endof 2017, innolighthadbuiltaful-spectrum 400-personsr&dteamwit
Specialized extraterrestrial, eclectic, mechanical, software, projecting and manufacturing procdures. 13 September 2018
Middle Councilmentr&d innolighthastreresearchcenterslocatedinmainchina, tiiwanandthe
We, enablingittoattrattallobaltalpolentpoolintheindustry.attheendof 2017, the companyhas 397dicatedr & dpersonneland 366mployeeshaveabacher abovedegree.innolight'sr & dspendacountedfor ~8%oftheirtotalsalesin
2017, whichtranstesintooroundrm375,000 person.innorightspartners with itsclientsstoignproducesthataretareloredtothespecificneds.for example, innolightpartneredwithgoogletodevelopits100gproduct, whichwas
Innighthashistolyinvested heavilyinr&d.accordingtomanage, innightcent 20-30%oftheirtotalsalesinr&dwenthecompanhyfirsted.
On September 13th, 2018, itallowedthecompanytoquicklyrumpuptheirproductportfolio.from2012to
2017, the company'sr & dspendinggrewat 71% cagrthankstoitsfasttopline growth, readingrm277mnin2017.innorighthadanr&d/salesratiuof7%in 2017, trailingthatofitsglobalpeersthankstorlowerpersonselcostsinmainland
I don't know what you're talking about, china.innolight'sr&d/salesratiowasinlinewithitsdomesticpeersin 2017, but I'm sure it's true.
Innightis thefirstinthedustrytoindoduce non-hermeticpackagingtechnology(cob)intacenteropticaltransseiver
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, anotherororetechnologof the companymenyisitsinglemodepalalelopticaldesign and specificallyitsfreespace coupledtechnology.accordingtopatentfiledin bythecompany, innighthasdevelopedatetechnologynationaltablesitto
Incorporated couplingerorturefrom<0.2mtoaround1um, clearly improving the company's coupling efficiencyandproditionyield. these leading-edgesoltionsrequireextpertiseandentialpropertyarossnumerous
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it.
On September 13th, 2018, Mid-Sud (300308.sz) chart 17: cobpacking
Chart 18: Best-in-classfree-spacecouplingtechnology whatiscobpackaging: abarechipthatismounteddirectlyontothe
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
If you can't do it, you can't do it. You can't do it.
(a) requilittlessspace keysubcomponents: 1) laser; 2) no.1lens; (3) no.1lensconnectedring;
No.2lens; 5) no.2lensconnectedring; 6) hollowshaftslipring; 7) substrate howitworks:
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
Innocentusestwoxiallenstoenlarge Thelightspot, natalhighcoupling
If you're going to be able to do it, you're going to have to do it again.
#2: fastdesion making and productionrefreshcycle concentratedr & dfocusonpackingtechnology mostofinnolight'sglobalcompetitorareverdirectedplayers,whocover
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
abletobettervereveretsownexpertiseinpackeringtechnologiesandmaintainthe flexibilityinchoossupplierhatenablesthequickestproductlaunch. industry-leadingfacturingfacilititiesandexportprodutionperson
Innocent'snpi (new production)teamhasc.10yearsofnewproduct launchexperencesandthemanufacturingmanagementteamhasonaveragemore 13 September 2018
But 8 years ago sexperionandover 5 years ago'experienceintheopticalcompulsory meeting.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, right?
Innocenthasoverseasbranchesandstandardpartnerships inmultiverseworldworldplacesincludingus, eu, japan, southkorea, russiaandisrael.thelocal presencehelpsinnorighttobetterunderstanditscustomeredsandtusallows
The companytoofferlailoredproducts.crently, innorightisthelarges100g transcevermodulesuppliertogoogle, amazon, libaba, huaweiandtenentand isongthothopsuppliersforfacebook.itstelecomputschavealreadybeen
#3: Best-in-classoperactionalability
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, itsg&a (ex.r&d) Costratioiscc.8 per cent andcc.5 per cent lowerthanitsoverseapers.
Aroundrm850,000perannumbasedintheus, whilleitwillonlycostaroundtrm500,000forinnoright. Middle Xinjiang (300308.sz)
I'm sorry, higherros profitmarginvs. domesticpeers unlikemostofies domesticpeers, innoloight'sproduportfolioisrelively high-end, with 40g/100gopticaltransseimoduleproduceproducesettingfor 89%of
The company'stopal2h2017sales (vs.15%foraccleink).
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, highherros profitmarginas competition inthehigh-endmodulumarketelsless intense.asinnoright'sg&alevelinlinewithitsdomedicpeers, itsnetprofit margins, outperforms mostofitspeers.
September 13th, 2018, midlife: dualcapexenginesfromcloudand5gdringindustry
i.e. datacenters/clud. thetelcommarketcanbefurdisidedinto fix-linework, transportnetworkworkworkandwirelessworkswork(ftth)andwirelesswork
(e.g., 4g, 5g). Midlife Xiao (300308.sz) Datacompector
20% cagrbetween2018and2022, reading $5.8billion.themain driversofthegrovethare (1) increasingdforddatacentervices, (2) continued
This post is part of our special coverage Human Rights Watch.
20.6 zettabytesby 2021, representinga 25% cagrfrrom 2016 to 2021. Thetrendis mainlydrivenbynyewapplicationssuchas 4k/8kstreaming, ar/vrandutonomous driving, whichhhavehhbandwidthrequirements.
I'm sorry, Highherdemandforopticalfiberconningswhochcantransmittataataatihigherspeed and betweenlongistesascomparedtopperables. 13 September 2018
Mid-Sz (2) in 2016, around 90%ofthedcsinchinausedthetraditionaltree-layerstructure, whichhardlyrequiresfibercontrolsattheaccesslayer (betweenserversand)
However, startingin 2013 with theadventoftthetwo-layer spin-and-leafartechtureddatacenters, whichistedtoacmodatethe increasing'westtoeest'(between-server)traffithintacenters, willstarttouse
All-fiberconningsintheaccessiers, significentlyboostingdatacenterical transceiversage (4vs.0perserver).
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
I mean, it's just that I'm not the only one who's in the world, and 40g/100 gtransceersarebein themainstreamchoiceforswitch-to-switch connections. inthefuture, datacentreplaningtoadopt 400gandevevenhigher
"DatarateopticalTransservices, Driving Theaspgroth. Bandwidthdensity 40xin10years" September 13, 2018
I don't know what you're talking about, doubles-every2years telecommester telecommarketbankentividedinfixed-linework, tradenetworks, access
The network (ftth) and thewirelesswork (e.g., 4g, 5g).
On September 13th, 2018, 39% of the world's population was incompetent.
The Grovethistimainlydrivenby the rolloutofglobal5gnetwork, whichisexpeced bytelcostobeavailableformercial millionunitsin2027 (theendofthe5gcycle), double thenumberofthetotal4gbase
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Mobile, 5 gdatatransmissionspeedwillwilleach1.5gbps, 10xthatof4g. thedatarate increasesachieved byusinghigherspeedtransversions 25gand100goptical transceivermodules
Internetvs.10gmodulesfor4gnetwork, while 100g, 200g, and 400gwillwebidely usedinthemidhaulandbackhaultranmissionwork. 13 September 2018
Mid-Sz financials: industryledgrovethwith superiorroe revenuedrivers
100% toplinegrovethinthepastfiveyearsvs.c.20% foritsglobalpeersduetoacontinousmarketsharegain.thecompanyhasagood
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
First-to-marketstrategyenablesthecompanytocontinouslygainmarketshareina
Medium-sized (300308.sz) management, innolighthasa 20% to 30% markshareintheglobaldatacom transceivermodulomaret.esspecialinthemainstream100gmarket, thecompany
Theretotop 100gsuppliertop-tiercleudserviceproviderslicegogle, amazon, baidu, libabaandtencent, and thetopsupplierstofacebook (expectsto becomeno.2supplierin2h18).
I'm sorry, maretpositionsitwelltocaptureenextroundofdatacenterupgrader 100g to 400gtranscevermodules.
Innocent'sstrangerevenuegraughtal sobenefedroomthetelecom3band4g construtioncyclesinchinina.accordingtothecompany, its6gltesfp+optical transceivermoduladoptedbychinamobileinthe3gnetworkworkworkroundout, while
It's 4gcapexpeakin2015, demandromtele cocustomershave retreated.believetheupcomin'5gconstrutioncywillbeothermajor
I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
30% abovetotal 5gmarketshareinchina.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, business access/corelayerworksand 5gfrontaul/backhaulnetworks. innightshoplannedtoinvestrm1.13billioninanewindründrialparkintongling, Mr. ui.uponcompletion,thenewfaciliityextedtoproduce1,600,100g
Transceivermodulesannuallyand 1,400,000 transceeivermodulesfor5gwireless network.sincefirstlaunching 400gproductsin 1q2017, innolighthasalready shippedasmallschofsplestoamonandgooglefortheirnewlybuiltdata
The company has a plannedtoinvestrb 440milliontofundanew 400gopticaltransceivermodule 400gopticcalcairsträyalesperyer, ignificantlycreasingthecurret
It's been a long time, and it's been a long time, and it's been a long time since we've been able to find out, and it's been a long time since we've been able to do it, and it's been a long time since we've been able to do it, and it's been a long time since we've been able to do it, and it's been a long time since we've been able to do it, and it's been a long time since we've been able to do it, and it's been a long time since we've been able to do it, and it's been a long time since we've been able to do it, and it's been a long time since we've been able to do it, and it's been a long since we've been able to do it.
Cogsandsuppliers innolightise-playopticaltransceivermodulemanufacturer, wholemostofits piershavedifferlevelsofversion, especialitsglobalcompetitors.as.
I'm sorry, isult, its Grossmargrailsbehindiditsglobalpeers (cc.10 per cent), asitneedsto importkeyoptial components, esspeciallaserchips (90 per cent ffhighendchipsfor opticansceivermodulearemanufacturedoutsideoffchina)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
From 2013, innolight'sr and spontingstartedtoseadecreasefrom 13% to 6% in 2017.
I don't know what you're talking about, personnelcostinchina.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do, but I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to have to go to the hospital. i'm going to go to the hospital. i'm going to go to the hospital. i'm going to the hospital. i'm going to have to go to the hospital. i'm going to the hospital. i'm going to go to the hospital. i'm going to the hospital. i'm going to go to the hospital. i'm going to the hospital. i'm going to go to the hospital. i'm going to go to the hospital. i'm going to the hospital. i'm going to go to the hospital. i'm going to the hospital. i'm going to go to the hospital. i'm going to the hospital. i'm going to go to the hospital. i'sstock-based.
It's not just about the number of people who have been killed, but it's about the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed and the number of people who have been killed.
It's about 10%. It's about 10%.
IMCO (300308.sz) Chart 50: r&das%ofsales Chart 51: sg&aas%ofsales
Chart 52: Grossmargin Chart 53: Netpropitmargin shortcastconversioncylevs.domesticpeers
In 2017, innighthadashconversioncyclef86days (i.e. 2.9monts), which was muchlowerthandomesticpeersatmore160days, andclosetatof overseasplayerslevel.theshortcashconversioncystatebedfieldsfromthe
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something, but we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it.
Mid-Sz (300308.sz) Chart 54: cashconversioncyclevs.peers Chart 55: accounts availabledaysvs.peers
Chart 56: inventorydaysvs.peers Chart 57: accountpayabledaysvs.peers improving returning equity
Innocent'sroehasimprovedfrom 11%in3q217to15.4%in2q2018, drivenby grossittalassetturoverfrom0.6xto0.7xandnetmarginimprovefrom gainingmarkketshareenjoyoperatinglevereage, weborecastroeiportrovingto
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I mean, we don't know what you're talking about, weshenimprovement. wedon'tseeanyshort-termsolvencyrissondebt repaymentssciurrentlowdeblevels.
Capex in 3q2017, innolightspentrm421mnoncapex, accoundingfor 15.6%ofitstotalrevenue.capexas%ofrevenuesatitspeakin4q2017,theendropedtoaround
10%.goingforward, weexpectinnoright'capextobeearn 500mnevelin thenextthreyyears.freecastflow
We need to get out of here, we need to get out of here, we need to get out of here, we need to get out of here, we need to get out of here, we need to get out of here, we need to get out of here, we need to get out of here, we need to get out of here, we need to get out of here, we need to get out of here, we need to get out of here.
Medium Xiaotsz (300308.sz) Quantitude: 12-monttargetpriceofmb46reflectstariff
It's not like we're going to have to do this, we're going to have to do this.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do something about it.

Volumeshipof 400gproductsin 2019, innolightisalreadyshipinsmall volumestogoogleamazon; 2.5gmoduleprocurefromtele cocustomsin2019, innolighthasalready
20xisthetrough12-monttforwardnornightcomparedwithanistorical averageof30xsince3q17whenitwasacquiredbyzhongjiequipment.consisting.
Innocent'saboveindustryreveue/earningscagr, believe30xisreasonable unnalormalcurstancesvs.currentlobalpeeraverageof23x, whilewechoose 25xForour10% tariffstainhisthemidpointmultiplebetweenaultnotariff
30x) and 25% tariff (20x) scenarios. Wealsoexplorediffentscenarioswiththepotentialtariff, daprobabilityweightedtheoreticalvalue.
Notariff: rmb69 (basedon30xp/eon2019eepsorfrmb2.29), 64% upside 25% tarff:rmb32 (basedon20xp/eon2019eepsorfrm 1.61), 24%downside ourusmacroteamassessment 70% chanceoftariffimplementation with 25% on
Not-consumerproducts, adneventual "deal"tobereachedin12months'time. Basedonthis, 70% of usassigna probabilityto 25% tariffscenario +a 30% probabilityto notariffscenario, toderiveanimpliedvalueofrim29*70%+rmb69*30%=rmb43.in
The "notariff" scenariogiventheasbeenno implementationtodateandwiilladjusttothetarifflevelshouldthetarifffectsactuallybeimpressed.
Quotestrousmacroteam : while we were in the middle of the day , we were in the middle of the night , we were in the middle of the night , we were in the middle of the night , we were in the middle of the day , we were in the middle of the night , we were in the middle of the night , we were in the middle of the night , we were in the middle of the night , we were in the middle of the night , we were in the middle of the night , we were in the middle of the night , we were in the middle of the night , we were in the middle of the day , we were in the middle of the day , we were in the middle of the day , we were in the middle of the day . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
On September 13, 2018, housetomoveforwardwiththestarifs, imposingarateof 10% onconsumer goodsand 25% plus.
Well, while the unoookisunctorin,weexpectewhousehousetomoveorwardwith tariffson themajorityofthenextroundof $200bninimports proposedinjuly.weextactthatothercently proposed 25% Tariffrate (upfromthelarlier)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Wenowseeusd/cnyweakefurtherpast the psychologicimportimportantlof in 12 monthssasasaneventual "deal" Stillseemstousasarealbasecase
On September 13th, 2018, midlife Xinjiang (300308.sz)
Chart 68: Innolight12-monthforwardp/eband Chart 69: Innolight12-monthforwardp/e keyrisks: demand, tariff, andsiliconphotonics
1strongerorweakerdemandfromcluudand 5gcapex our34%revenuecagr (2018e-202e)foreastforinnorightisbasedonresilient demandbrombothdatacenterexpansionand 5grolloutstartingin2h19.iftheglobal
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if it's true, but I don't know if it's true, but it's true.
"Trump readytollwithyetmoretarifs, little $267bchininsegoods."
I don't know, beforethetarifswillbeimplemented eventualandwhathatratewil theybeimplemented possebothupsidedownside rskstoinnoright'sfundamentalbusinessaswellareprice.formoredetails
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm just...
September 13, 2018, siliconphotonicsissanemergingtechnologythisusessiconductor-gradesiliconas.
You know, the plainformformfortheintegrationofactiveandpassivephotituitsalongwith eliccroniccomponentsonasinglemicro-chip. siliconphonicdevicescanmade usingtheexistsemiconducatorofabricationtechniques, resultsinh-volumeproduction
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, systemintegradation: siliconphonicintegrateswaveguides, modulator, detector and de/muxtoonesing lchip.accordingtofinisar, over 84% ofthefundactionsare integratedhihyieldatwaferlevelinasifab.assiliconphotonicchipsare
I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
Lowcost: Conventionalvcsel, dmlandemlchipsuseinporgaasasraw material.perinch, inpcostsaround $88andgaascostsaround $55.in comparison, siliconphotonicschipsesi, asemiconductoratcanbeproduced
From sand, whionlycostsaround $2.5perinch.lowpowerconversion: the firstgenerationofcfp2100gtransceivermodules consummation20-24watts.incomparison, asimilarcfp2100gtransseiver
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if it's true, but I don't know if it's true, but it's true.
We've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
For the intermediateeachlinks (500m-2km), siliconphotonicsproductscompte with conventiondmlproductsinbothpsm4andcwdm4specialations.
It's 50% of the total 100gpsm4marketshare. 13 September 2018.
Midlifes 70% more fibersthancwdm4structure, being themainstreamschoolfordatacenterconventions.
I don't know, for 100 gcwdm4 programs, siliconphotonicstroscandulestillhasnot achievedvolumeproducedoetoproductionyildandprodactrelibilisty issues (couplingeror, separatelaserproblem, lowconomisofscalefort)
..m and arankforinnoight acrossourglobalcoverage,weexaminestocksusinganm&africawork,considering
Both equalitativefactorsandquantitivefactors (whochmayvalyarossssectorsand regions) toformate the potentythatcertiancompanies collacted.wethen to 3, with 1 representingh (30-50%) probabilityofthecompanybecomingan
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do.
. intheframeworks,weexaminecompanies'potentialasm&a
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, synergypotential, and another/intangiblevalue and twiquantativefacts capandvalizations.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I mean, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot to do, we've got a lot of work to do, we've got a lot to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot to do.
Potentialactions bymajorshareholdsintheventofapossibleacquialtionbyathird party (including both the ywouldlikelyberepereceptive, oriftheymaybeoppodto selling), oriftheyhaveannouncedapreferencetoaisetheirstakeinthecompany;
September 13, 2018, regulatoroyandorgovermentpolicyimpositions; and possibletakeoverdefensemeasuressacisapoisonpill.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your help, and for your help, for your help, and for your help.
"2" imitismoderatelyattactive, and"1"ifitisveryattactive.customerbase: welookatwhoherororotacompanyhasanatactivecustomer baseandproduceapplications.
"3" ifits customerbaseandproductationareunactive," 2"iftheyaremoderatedly offensive, 1"iftheyareattactive.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
"1" iftheiighpossibility. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
"3" iftheyareunattatclive, "iftheyaremoderatedly offensive, 1"iftheyareattatcracy.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, but we're going to be able to do it, and we're not going to be able to do it.
Weissigna. Weissigna
"3" if the company has overvalued realtoitsresperiveindustry "2"ifitsvaluationisinlinewiththepeeraverage, "1"ifitsvaluement peergroup,
It's been a long time, isn't it? September 13th, 2018?
Mid-Sz inthisoverallframework,weassignam&arankof'3'toinnoright. when innolightwaspurchasedbythelistedchongjiequipmentin2017,theoffective
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
The 60thsofthedeal'scomplection.
The company'sstrategyadvisor (formerchairman) hastorrilyco-foundedseveral frmswithintheindistryandsoldtolargerlayerslateron.in 1995,hesoldsdl, an ostticalquipmentcompanytojdsu (laterstalintolumentumandviavi) for $41 billion.
In 2000, heco-founded pinephotonicscommunications with innolight'currentcmo mr.osamok.duringhisfiveyeartenerealtthecompany, heworkedwishuseng, innolight'searchceo, whhowersservingastheadofpinephotonics'chinar&d
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
September 13, 2018.
I don't know, cdr (clockanddatadatarecoverycircuit)-connedtotheopticaltranslatorsveronthe endofafiberchannelinktoextacttointerdictimimatingforformation fromaserealdastastreamto allowceivingcircuittodecodethetransmitteddata.
ld (laserdiode)-asemicontractorvevice similialtoalight-emittingdiodeodeinwhot thelaserbeamiscaledatthediode'sjunction. wdmde/mux (wavelengthdivisionde/multiplexer)-awdmsystemusesa
I don't know, multiplexeratthetransmittertojointheseveralsignsorge, dademiplexer attheeceivertosplitthemapart. smf (singlemodefiber)-nopticalfiberdeignedtocarrylightlydirectlydown
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
Pin-apindiodisadiodoithawide, unapperdinsicsemiconductorregion betweenweenap-typesemiconducorandann-typesemiconductorregion.rosa-receiveropticalsub-assembly; Tosa-transmitteropticalsub-assembly.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's going to do it, but you're going to have to do it.
On September 13, 2018, Mid-Zone (300308.sz) herself, Shenzhen, affirmed that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, has not been, will not be, nor will it be.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. The increases, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. Then we rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two with a medium probability (15-30%) and three with a lower probability of representation.
Quantum quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison with gssustain between firms in different industries and markets
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well vis-à-vis their global counterparts over the long term, based on excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risk to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Xueix: a share of telecommunications and technology, and telecommunications and technology in China.a A share of telecommunications and technology: accelelinktechnologies, Chinaunitednetworkcomm, dahuatechnology, fiberhometelecomtech, goodix, hikvisiondigital technology, hyteracomp., sgmicrocorp., wangscience& technologyco., zhongjiinnorightco., ztecorp.a.
China Telecoms and Technology: ChinaCommunization Services, ChinaMobile (hk), ChinaMobile (hk) (adr), Chinaatecom (adr), Chinastatecom (h), Chinatowercorp., Chinaunicom (ads), Chinaunicom (h), HuahongsemiConductortd., Mediatek, paradetechnologiesltd., silergy corp., smic (adr), smic (h), tsmc, tsmc (adr), Unitedmicroclecticscorp. (adr), untedmicroeclecscorp., ztecorp. (h).
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of specific information on: zhongjiinnorightco.(rmb42.06) Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
The distribution of buying and selling ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy or sell list, which changes the investment rating of those shares.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information does not make sense, because it is irrelevant.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.