Midlife Cream (300308.sz) On a dust-free, light-free long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The light communications industry is in the early stages of the three waves of “telecommunication-to-digit-consumption” and the mid-to-telecom boom will continue to grow with the rapid growth of the industry. Of the 90% of corporate revenue, the first pole North American data centre will remain high in 18-20, and China’s data centre will be under-developed.
The United States will be the second largest in the world in 3-4 years, taking over from North America. The main data centre product will determine the market share. In 2018, the market entered the 400-g era, with a full-blown lead in the field, and the public sector is expected to earn 30% of the market share early in the 400-g era.
In the consumer-level market, companies are now making extra-scaling investments in applications such as vcsel, laser radar, and growing for the future. In the context of the fast-paced, highly customized industry, the company’s core competition is excellent.
The global market for luminous modules is currently only $4 billion, compared to $420 billion in semiconductor markets, and the supply chain is highly unstable in order to sell the product. It is a consensus in industry.
Google, Amazon, Facebook, Hua, Ali, etc., and the advantages of scale create powerful barriers to competition, prejudging the numbers, and it is difficult for the market to have a third competitor in the short term who can compete against Sputnik and aaoi. The Chinese-American trade friction does not affect the firm’s long-term trend toward a big deal, and the intel silicon light shock is far-reaching and needs no proximity.
The impact of the trade war on the entire industry of the light module is uniform, and companies can absorb some of the tax effects through upstream and downstream consultations, and can avoid high tax risk through overseas plant-building or surrogates. For silicon light shocks, according to industrial chain research, the maturity and improvement of silicon light products is still to be improved and will not be created in the short term.
In the long run, the only way companies can withstand silicon light shocks is to maintain their own high speeds, with a time advantage for giants like Intel. For the first time, the meso-smuggling boom, the “three waves” of light communications, the hegemonic, the 5g, the consumer layout, was the first.
Overwrite the “buy-in” rating. Dollars, corresponding to 30 times, 22 times and 14 times the current pe. Trade frictions in China and the United States have further escalated, and companies have risks of uncertainty in overseas plants and surrogates; corporate silicon.
R & D of light products has not progressed as expected; 5g industrial chains have matured and invested less than expected; risk has been lifted.
Suzhou was founded in April 2008 and acquired the country ' s high-tech business credentials in 2009. The main business is the Wireless Light module, which has produced 10 gsfp+ and 6g ltesfp+ products that have been widely appreciated by the industry and successfully used on a large scale in the development of the Mid-Moved 3g network.
In 2012, company operations began to shift to a market high-speed light module; in 2014, 40gqsfp+simples were expected to account for more than 30% of the city. In just 10 years, Xinjiang, Suzhou, a start-up company, managed to take the lead in the global high-speed light module.
Suzhou reshuffled and retitled “Middle and Middle” entered the capital market. In 2016, a major asset restructuring announcement was issued in mid-2016 to purchase 100% of Suzhou’s Xinjiang equity at a cost of $2.8 billion, and it was formally reorganized in July 2017 and renamed “Middle and Small”.
The market for the data centers has grown rapidly, and the harvest has been “three steps in the third year.” The current main market has delivered 3.5 million 100-g light modules, more than 20% higher than expected, and is expected to be 18 years old.
In the three years 2015-2017, Cream succeeded in making the “three steps” that double each year, with RMB operating revenue rising from $1,165 million to $4 billion.
In the first half of the year, the middle tumult was reported to have achieved a profit of 2,826 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of $317 million for the mother, and in the case of net profit from equity incentives and non-recurring gains and losses, the middle tumult had achieved a net profit of about $388-393 million, and the performance was largely in line with expectations. The first half of the year was accompanied by the digestion of the stock of high Maori products and cost reduction measures.
The effect of the application is gradually becoming apparent, with the company ' s Māori gradually returning to about 26% q2 . 400g products have been sampled and, through certification, will start gradually in 2019, while the 5g wireless module is working well with equipment providers, and the 5g era is expected to open up a new market space.
1.2 Operational layout: In response to the wave of three waves of light communications – a wave of power, a five-g surge, a pattern of consumption – a wave of light communications, a wave of three waves of industrial development. From telecommunications to data, the market of heart to consumer markets, each wave will be 10 times larger than the previous wave.
For the first large-scale application, China Telecom Willepin believes that optical costs already account for 70% of the cost of telecommunications transmission. In the future, this cost structure is expected to spread from the area of information transmission to other areas, including information acquisition, calculation, storage, display, etc.
Law 70, i.e. optical costs will account for 70% of the cost of all future scientific and technological products. In 2000 or so, light communication services were mainly in the telecommunications market, when it was more expensive, most of which was in the long distance before it was gradually moved into the city.
So, with this east wind, we've created accelerators and aaoi. In the future, the lightware will enter the consumer-class market, where the current product is vcsel and laser radar, but it's still at the level of demand recognition, the market is small, and the demand is expected to be 100 billion-dollar-class.
The rate of growth is now much greater than that of the telecommunications market, and in 2018 we saw the first “super-step” in the light communications market, the first time that the size of the global digital market exceeded the size of the telecommunications market, and we expect the second “exceed” in the future, where the market size of the optical electronic device in the consumer domain will go beyond the size of the digital market.
It's about 90% of its revenues are high-speed light, and it's about industry's leader in this area. 5g commercials are coming closer, and Smack is now also active in the 5g pre-light module market, part of which will be:
The technical barriers to telecommunication light are higher, and the Māori rate is higher. First, the twilight module overlaps faster, ranging from 40 g to 100 g, to 400g average 2 to 3 years of product renewal, while the twilight module has a useful life of 8 to 10 years, so the twilight module is capable of developing and technological upgrading for the manufacturer.
There's a lot of high demand. New technologies for light communication are the first to be applied to data centres. And, second, there's a higher demand for speed, density, and products are almost all high-speed light modules, with higher technical barriers. Access to network terminals is a personal customer with limited bandwidth requirements, and data centres are machine-to-machine connections.
In contrast to the small barriers to the telecommunication light module, which is more competitive, the Māori rate is lower. For consumer-level markets, the downfall is mainly a capacity reserve based on an outlay of investment, M&As, etc.
Markets are potential markets, and companies are now investing in applications such as vcsel, laser radar. On the vcsel chip, for example, companies invest in research and development by some vcsel enterprises, without excluding future stock entry or merger possibilities. Moreover, the advantage of scavenging is the need to scale production, consumer demand, etc.
2.1 Cloud computing has led to the creation of a data centre, and the demand for high-speed light modules under the new structure has surged. The global market for cloud computing has been growing at a high rate in recent years, but penetration rates are still low.
Global publicly owned cloud services received $26.2 billion in 2017, up 18.5 per cent from $219.6 billion in 2016. By 2020, global publicly owned cloud services will have grown to $411.4 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 16.5 per cent.
Figure 5: Sustained growth in global cloud computing markets and penetration
According to the synergyresearch and cisco data, by the end of 2017, the number of global superdata centres (with over hundreds of thousands of servers) had increased rapidly from 259 in 2015 to 346, a remarkable increase, in addition to a significant number of megadata centres overseas.
During the planning or construction phase, it will be phased in over the next few years; in terms of share of supply, the SUDC supply ratio is increasing at a much faster rate than its volume, suggesting that the concentration of the data centres is on the rise. In terms of the distribution of SUCs, the United States has 44% of the major data centres and still accounts for a large number of data centres.
According to the centre’s dominant position, Amazon, Microsoft, ibm, and Google have the largest data centres on the ground. China is about 8%, Alibaba is accelerating the global deployment of the data centres, and tweaking and 100% remain concentrated domestically, and the development of domestic data centres is not consistent with China’s economic and industrial status, and there are future ones.
Data centre traffic is growing at a high rate, with a high share of internal east-west traffic. The vast majority of current Internet traffic originates or ends at the data centre, and the ip flow generated by the data centre continues to grow at a high rate, root.
Cisco predicts a capr of 27% between 2015 and 2020. The main business in the traditional data centres is the deployment of web applications on servers for clients outside the data centres, most of which flow north-south. With the emergence of new technologies and applications such as virtualization, cloud computing, big data, sdn, and so forth, the data are in the data.
The content and form of data services in the heart have changed dramatically, virtualised servers are more efficient and network connections are needed, distributed calculations and big data allow applications to interact with multiple servers, and data flows have shifted from North to South to East to West.
The data centre traffic model changes, requiring a change in the network structure. The network of traditional data centres is usually a network of traditional data centres.
The three-tiered interconnectivity structure, as shown in the figure below, consists of access, convergence, core, three-tier switchboards, with the speed of connection rising step by step, with the core switch having the highest volume, performance and cost.
(spanningtreeprotocol, extended tree protocol) For one access switch, there is only one connection, the confluence switch is available, the other convection layer switches are used only when they fail (the dotted line in the figure below), and connection usage and network expansion are low.
East-West flow basic needs are transmitted on multiple layers through the core switch, delayed and created by the core switch into a huge pressure, technological development, and new demand calling for a new network structure of data centres. The barrier-free network of the spinal structure is mainstreamed.
An article entitled "astudyofon-blockingswitchingnetworks" is presented as a way to construct complex, large-scale structures with a variety of small, low-cost units, and to achieve unhampered trade-offs. The spinal structure of the leaves (or the fat tree structure) is a typical closed network structure, as follows.
For example, in the middle of the chart, the leaf (leaf) switch directly links to the physical server, the upper ridge (spine) switch, the same ridge switch with the same ridge switch, the ridge switch passes through the ecmp (equalcostmultipath) route algorithm, dynamically selects multiple paths, and the east-west flow is possible.
The full use of the links was achieved by sharing multiple paths with fixed delays. The core router that was originally exported from the north-south to the south-south, connected to the edge switch with the leaf switch, was the transientization of the north-south flow. It was clear that the foliage structure was a flat- leveled structure, easy to expand horizontally.
Upon the expansion of the data centre, it is necessary to increase the size of the ridge, without the need for a higher-end core convenor switch.
Quantitative analysis: The demand for high-speed light modules has increased more than fivefold in the foliar structure. The core concept of the foliar structure is an unstoppable network, so the switch is an all-connected network, with the number of connections and the number of light modules required more than the traditional three-tier structure.
In the network structure, the tor switches are connected down 40*1g to a maximum of 40 servers, up 4*1g to 4cr (cluster routers) and 512 to form a cluster with each cluster router down 512*1g and 4*10g interconnected, so that 4096 1g light modules per 512 aircraft hangars are required
And 16 10g light modules are used for interconnectivity between switches. The Jubaiter network is a three-storey foliage frame with a tor switch of 4*48*10g down, 16*40g up, block of 8*64*10g down, 512*40g up, and a spinal switch of 128*40g down, full complement.
The next network consists of 256 spinal switchblocks, with 64 convective switchblocks, each of which is combined, and 32 toner switches under Block, which, on a summary basis, require 130,000 40g light modules per 2048 planes for interconnectivity between switches.
Reconnection requires a high-speed light module more than five times. 2.218-20 North American data centre construction remained high, China’s demand grew fast. Data centre mega- and scalable is a future trend. For the foreseeable future, due to cost and volume.
The problem is that many companies will give up ownership of their own data centres and migrate applications to cloud platforms, with few cloud providers taking up most of the growth in the cloud computing market, and that the overall industry will be larger and larger. Currently, data centres are being built mainly on head cloud producers, including Microsoft, abroad.
Amazons, Facebooks, Googles, Apples, etc. are home-grown cloud tellers like Alibaba, Tseng, 100 degrees, and China. The demand for light modules is 70% in North America, 20% in other regions, and 10% in China. North America continues to have a high demand for light modules, and the country is at a very advanced stage of development.
Figure 14: Google invested $1.8 billion in data centres in 18 years, North America's capital expenditure on major irps is on the breakout, and remained high in 18-20. North America is the first camp of global irp giants, so infrastructure development is at the top of the globe, Google, Amazon, Microsoft.
The capital expenditure has increased year after year. According to the mid-point report published in 2018, capital spending on Google, Facebook, and Apple in the first half of the 18th century is close to 17 years, with the construction of the Super Data Centre taking the lead, and is expected to grow at an alarming rate throughout the 18th year, capex.
Figure 16: Major capital expenditure on irp in North America, peaking in 18-20 ($1 billion), China’s data centre is three to four years behind the United States as a whole, but is growing faster and will become a global data centre in the future
In the past four years, the capital expenditure of Bat as a whole has been more than 50%, but the total is not large and is still in the initial stages of construction. In terms of the actual upgrading of the domestic bat light network, Ali has been on 100g this year, and the news is still 40g, while North American manufacturers are still in the early stages of construction.
We expect China to succeed the United States as the main demand market for the high-speed light module after 2021.
2.3 Intermediary inventions: from 40g to 100g and 400g, fast-tracking and time-tracking, with product updates completed in 2-3 years. The company launched its first 40g light module product in 11 years, and released a series of 40gqsfp+sr4/ir4/lr4 product series in July 2012, which is widely applied
Large data centres, enterprise networks, urban area networks, etc.. According to Lightcounting, 40gqsfp+ single-mode module sales accounted for 37 per cent of global market share in 2014 and ranked first in industry. Since then, new products such as lr4/100gqsfp28sr4/40gqsfp+er4 have been officially launched in 2015.
Goods, currently 100-g products are the firm ' s absolute marketing backbone, with a city share of more than 30 per cent, ranked first in the industry: 400-g products were first displayed at the 17th-year ofc exhibition and are expected to be delivered in 19 after testing by all mainstream equipment manufacturers.
Slight will remain a leader in the 100g market at the data centre. The company’s global market share is expected to be 40% in 2018, and the future company will continue to be a leader in the 100g module market, depending on the company’s combined strengths in size, cost, customer and technology.
The biggest group, Māori, is also relatively high. We predict that the global 100-g output will continue to be sustained over the next two years, with a combined growth rate of over 60%, which will guarantee the company a 30% income of the 100-g light module over the next two years.
Figure 19: The 400g light module has been in progress since 19 and the 400g light module has been a challenge since 20 years. We believe that the 400g light module has a trajectory similar to that of the 100g class. 18 years are mainly in the test phase, there may be a small number of deliveries, 19 years are officially starting.
The price of 400g light modules needs to be determined by the end of the year, and is expected to be more than $1,000. At present, at 400g light module layouts are at the top of the world, and products have been sent to North American customers for recognition and certification. In the 400g era, silicon light is in theory an advantage.
It will be under great competitive pressure from companies like Intel to produce silicon light. But it will take some time now to improve the quality and reliability of silicon light products, and it will be the world’s first commodity in the lead.
The shift of the manufacturing end of the entire optical electronics industry to China is a trend that will benefit fully. Based on the size, cost, and supply-chain advantages of the manufacturing end of China’s production, China’s ability to match the supply chain is to be seen in the context of competition patterns in the digital market.
The country’s light and electronics industry is rising rapidly, and this trend will accelerate in the future, with China’s data centre growing at a rapid pace. Sixteen years of winding up over rival aaoi became the world’s largest data supplier, and it is a landmark event. We have made a simple collection of two companies for almost three years.
By contrast, the number of cagrs in three years was 85.30%, well above aaoi 41.79%, suggesting that the competitive advantage of the ostrich is gradually deepening. In 2016, the ostrichs received 1,959 million yuan, more than $261 million: in 17 years, the gap between the two companies continued to widen, with the ostrichs running more than aaoi.
Figure 22: The encapsulation and assembly plants of aaoi are located in Ningbo and Taiwan, where there is only $8 billion in global light market space, which is still a small market compared to the global semiconductor industry of $420 billion, and where idm is not the best match for the market.
By contrast, aaoi possesses laser chip development and mass production technology that achieves a high Māori rate through vertical integration of "chips-ware-encapsture" but also high R&D input. Using the idm-tight integration model, Māori starts at a very high rate, but the R&D costs of the chips can be seriously affected by taking them into account.
Profit margins. Especially in the process of technological upgrading, there is a need for constant investment in research and development, whether it can be developed, whether the good rate can be raised, or whether the cost can be reduced, is unknown. An alternative approach is to directly purchase the best chip in the world, and the price is expensive, but it can provide the best solution.
It is argued that the market in the light of the modules can only grow to a size of more than tens of billions of dollars, and that the advantage of the idm can be gradually realized. Three, the telecommunications market: relying on China's largest single market of 5 g worldwide, opening up a new growth space, 3.15g commercial proximity, opening a new cycle of capital spending of 2019.
Domestic deployments of 5g were not affected by trade wars and busts, and the business schedule for 2020 remained unchanged. Previously, markets were affected by trade wars and busts, and there was some concern that China’s deployment of 5g might slow down, but from our recent exchanges with the industry chain, it was 5g at the national level to the operator level.
The attitude is steady and even accelerating, the spectrum distribution programme is expected to emerge in the near future, the operator’s network strategy and the technology programme are becoming clear, and the timetable for achieving commercial size by 2020 remains unchanged. In 2019, the operator’s capital spending will start a new upward cycle.
This is done, capital spending is in a low cycle. The three major operators have significantly tightened down their investment in 5g construction. Taking together China’s current tender for mobile engineering and the progress of the 5g industrial chain, we expect that early construction of 5g will start in 2019, and capital spending will be out of the bottom of the valley, an increase of 10% compared to the expected increase of 10%.
According to our analysis of historical investments by operators, wire transfers (excluding operations and support networks) are about 40% of total capital expenditures, mainly for wireless network carrying, fixed broadband access, and cities.
In terms of area and backbone network upgrades, the purchase of optical network equipment, fibre-optic cables, optical modules, and so on. Based on our previous calculations of the operator's total capital expenditure, it is assumed that the share of wire transfer expenditure will be around 40%, and it is expected that the expenditure on light communications-related capital in 2018-2021 will reach $600 billion and that the light communication-related industry will suffer significantly.
3.25 G-pulling new demand for the light module, with a projected surge in demand for the payload network in market space of 40 billion 5g, requires full upgrade of the light network by operators. 5g enhanced mobile broadband (embb), high-reliable low-delay communication (urllc), large-scale machine communications (mmtc) etc.
The typical business scene presents a new challenge for the 5g-carrying network. Broadband and low-time delay demand has resulted in a split of bbu (baseband unit) into the nu-du-level structure of the network, adding a new medium-transmitting requirement, while the original forward/backband bandwidth has increased by more than 10 times over the 4g network. 5g uses a medium-high frequency band network with a small microbase.
The number and rate of light modules and transmission loads will increase considerably. The Government is now focusing on building 5g, increasing the pace of commercial deployment, and the Commission is working on organizing the implementation of the new 2018.
In the circular for a generation of information infrastructure construction works, operators are explicitly required and financially supported to build 5g in 2018. With the introduction of 5g non-independent network standards by the end of 2017 and 5g network standards by mid-2018, the construction of 5g will be officially inaugurated.
It is expected that, from 2018 onwards, the operator will carry out a 5g carrier network and an initial operator, requiring 25g/100g/400g light modules and equipment. According to China ' s telecommunications analysis, the 5g forward transmission network will be driven directly by fibre-optics, with fibre-optic resource stress areas carrying equipment such as otn and transmitting distance.
At 1-10 km, the light module rate is 25 g or 100 g; the telecommunication network is dominated by the ring structure, with transmission distance at 40-80 km, with 100 g/200gotn devices; the retour network is based on a ring network or fully connected structures, with transmission distance within 200 km and 200 g/ 400gotn devices.
The light module rate in the network will need to be upgraded from 10g/40g/100g to 25g/100g/400g, and the light network will need to be updated to meet higher speed and delay indicators. At the same time, the 5g mobile edge calculation (mec) moves the cloud computing platform to the edge of the mobile access network to localize, close and low operations
Delayed operational delivery will also require the conversion of a large number of existing access rooms into small data centres, where in-house connectivity will also drive the demand for light modules. The 5g-pulled light module market space is expected to be about $40 billion.
The base station, only the macro station, has a need for a forward transmission module, with a total of six in three sectors, with a modular rate of 25 g straight link or 100 g module to form a ring network. Since the 100g module is still actually made up of four 25g modules, we are using the 25g module in an easy way, and it is expected that the market space will be about 7.5 billion yuan.
In terms of transmission and return, it can be carried through the urban area network, which is generally divided into access layers, confluence layers, core layers, based on models of Chinese telecommunications, and access and assembly equipment using a ring-based network, requiring 4 core equipment, 42 confluences, 1,500 access rings per 12,000 base stations, each connected to 8 bases.
The station needs a bandwidth of 50/100g, a bandwidth of 200/400g for each of the six assembly devices connected to the ring, and a bandwidth of 6.5t ( macro station)-25t (micro station) for the export of the core equipment. Based on 2.5 million macro stations and 4.9 million microstations, we expect about 32.2 billion yuan in the market space for the medium/back transmission module.
For $12.1 billion, the terminal is about $25.3 billion. The 5g investment is huge, and we believe that the actual construction will follow the following lines: “Previous macro stations cover priority cities - medium-term macro stations cover a wide range of urban and rural areas - end-of-life HF small base stations depth years; medium-range stations need 2.2 million in the medium term, with construction periods concentrated in 2021-2023; later, with high frequency milligrams.
Mippo's mature deployment of small base stations, about 4.9 million, is expected to take place after 2023. Taking into account billions, $12.1 billion, $25.3 billion. 3.3 Depending on the size of the market, the cost, the technological advantages of the market, the possibility of gaining a leading position in the telecommunications market.
In April 2008, Sino-Technology Ltd. was founded in Suzhou, China, and released in 1999.
The miniaturized, low-power, high-performance series of 10gsfp+ products, with a 10-year launch of 6gltesfp+ products, has been successfully applied on a large scale to medium-movement 3g networks, which once accounted for more than 30% of the market. Since then, Meso-Current has responded to the trend of data centres, with higher technical barriers.
The light module has an absolute competitive advantage in the 25g, 40g, and 100g high-speed light modules market. From the start of 15 years, ICBM and others began to communicate the needs of the 5g light modules, and since then they have been in close contact for several years and have now passed the certification test.
The demand for the 5g light module is mainly 25g, 100g and 400g. The 100g light module covers cob and has an advantage in cost and technology; 25g is a one-way way, all of which are tosa/rosa envelopes, with more players involved, competition will be intense, with the advantage of size and cost relative to other competitors, and companies will be involved.
It is possible to further reduce costs in the future by laying the 25gvosel chip in an expansive way.
30% of the non-related share of the market, about $6 billion in sales revenue. According to the preceding estimates, the sales revenue from the Vg market is expected to be around $500 million in the pre-construction period (19-20), and about four, in the medium term (21-23 years), in the analysis of competitive advantages: it is difficult in the short term to create a rival third competitor.
4.1 Technology + customer + competitiveness moats have a great advantage. While the cob covers are already widely used for consumer electronics, the cob is in the original form of a multi-light module, which is in the best form for the client.
With technological excellence, the company’s high-speed light module revenue has increased over the years, with more than 30% of the company’s revenue coming from the 10g/25g low-speed module in 14 years, less than 70% of the high-speed light module, and 89.18% of the revenue in 17 years.
From the 40g/100g high-speed light module, the low-speed light module is only 10.82%. The high-speed light module technical barriers are higher than the low-speed light module, and the Māori rate is also significantly higher than the latter, with the expected 400g high-speed light modules being more powerful than the company ' s other technology. One of the high-end clients ' needs is to customize them.
Services, while the light module is not a simple envelope, also requires a very strong optical design capability from the supplier. After the speed of the module ranges from 40 g to 100 g and up to 400 g, the difficulty of encapsulating is significantly increased, especially single-mode fibre fibres, since the single-mode fibre-optic core is only 9um, the multi-mode is 50um, and the difficulty of encapsulating is significantly increased.
Google is the company’s biggest customer, with a far higher share of annual shipments than other manufacturers. Google has 15 data centres around the world with a total investment of more than $15 billion, with three new/extensions in 18 years, with an investment of $1.8 billion, and a rapidly growing demand for light modules.
Mason is the company’s second-largest customer, and Facebook is expected to enter the company’s top five client lists in 18 years. These big clients are in high demand, demand for light modules is high, access to the supply chain of these companies requires repeated testing, and there are technical challenges such as algorithms, modules, customer system compatibility, etc.
Between 1 and 2 years, it's hard for outsiders to enter. In the 40-g era, middle-rises successfully entered Google's supply chain, supply has been growing steadily, and a stable source of quality customers is the company's biggest asset.
Figure 32: The share of income in the small-scale income area will increase in the domestic share, the order for the beneficial Google shareholder relationship is stable and the client structure is expected to improve continuously. The company's 14-year c-round financing performance is a bet. Google has maintained a good relationship with the small-scale invention, giving it more orders and creating more orders.
We believe that future orders for Google as a shareholder will grow steadily. Moreover, Google sales are not so high because other customers are not growing or are growing slowly that they have actually performed well in the expansion of new customers, but because
Google’s construction of super-data centres has increased the demand for light modules, which are expected to improve continuously after the start of the five-g pre-light module.
Suppliers are dispersed and supply chain security is high. Compared to the top five client concentrations, the top five suppliers are less concentrated, with the top five suppliers accounting for only 41 per cent of the top five vendors in 2014, and are down to 30 per cent in 15 and 16 years of state-of-the-art business procurement, with a higher volume of light chip purchases in Japan, and the power chip is mainly purchased from the United States.
It is also expected that in 2020, companies can introduce new suppliers on 25 gvcsel and 25 gdfb chips, which will help to further reduce costs.
First five total, first five total, first five total
The top five, the cost of scale, is another central advantage of the company. In terms of capacity, the production of light modules is more flexible, the production is more common, many of the links are common, and only a few adjustments are needed for fine differences, so it can be fully achieved.
The order adjusts the capacity of different light modules, with a total output of more than 3 million in 17 years. The company has also raised an additional $800 million in copper mausoleum parks for 100 and 5g products, of which 100 million produce 1.6 million and 5g produce 1.4 million. Large sizes bring about excellent upstream negotiations.
Price capacity, according to industrial chain research, costs of the X-ray chip are between one-two and one-third of that of a small manufacturer. In the course of the year, the new product will experience a period of price drops and a decline in Māori.
A fast-changing industry specifically ensures a stable level of Māori for businesses, and as long as the manufacturer is able to keep up with the market at a more rapid pace, it can sustain its own steady and sustained profitability.
Aaoi has a vertical production chain and a high rate of product structure. Aaaoi is one of the world's two largest suppliers of light modules, covering the entire product line from the optical chip to the light module, benefiting from the rapid development of the data centre market, the structure of the company's products.
80% of the year. Client resources cover arazon, microsoft, facebook, cisco, and so on, and are currently the biggest competitors in the data center area with Smash. The ability to produce the luminous chip is the greatest advantage of aaoi.
And the net profit level is slightly weaker, mainly because the purchasing of photochips accounts for a larger share of the cost. In its cost structure, the photochips and components account for about 50 per cent. By contrast, aaoi connects the chip ' s manufacture, encapsulation and testing, and the straight production chain enables it to control the chain and to regulate profit elasticity.
From another perspective, the outsourcing of chips can be costly, but it can guarantee a strong volume capacity. Data centre construction has a huge demand for light modules, and supplier capacity is often the key to competition, and Xinjiang is the world's largest commodity ever.
Modular processors. Companies such as aaoi that are self-produced chips, in pursuit of high-yielding products, prefer to use self-research chips, but in the context of rapid technological change, newly developed photochip yields and good rates are highly volatile or cannot be procured by the market for high-quality performance photochips that guarantee their mass capacity and enable rapid market expansion.
Compared with the profitability indicators of the major global light module giants, it can be found that overseas producers (aaoi, finisar, oclaro, lumentum) with the ability to produce their own luminous chips generally have a high Māori rate. But we believe that the high-speed rotation of the products of the light module market requires increasing research by photochip manufacturers.
The net interest rate is significantly lower when the R & D costs are charged. For example, aaoi, the most competitive manufacturer, is currently 16 pp in 2017, and the net interest rate gap has been reduced to 12 pp after all costs have been deducted.
With light module performance demanding upgrading, R & D inputs will continue to grow in cost ratios. In a context where the global light market has not yet formed on a larger scale, we believe that idm is not the best business model at present.
In 2017, the company invested $224 million in the conversion of the optical module production line to upgrade the internal automated water. Moreover, it depends on the Chinese market, and enjoys a large dividend in terms of labour costs, such as production and research and development.
On the whole, sculpturing and aaoi have advantages. Aaoi can enjoy a higher level of Maori because of its chip manufacturing capacity, but it can be influenced by the volatility of new technology research and development, production capacity, and R&D inputs, or instability.
In addition, by benefiting from the Chinese market’s demographic dividend and the high level of automation of its own technology, it has an advantage in production and R & D costs. At this early stage of the development of the global light module market, it has not yet reached a phase of severe share deprivation.
Aaoi would be more inclined to maintain a stable high level of Maori, and there would be no malignant prices for both in the short and medium term: we believe that in the years to come the Cream is strong and that a third wave of shock cannot occur in the short term.
The first is a fast-changing market barrier. The light market has been rapidly updated, falling by about 50% in size and power every two years, while the rate doubles every three years. At the time of intergenerational innovation, the leading firms, such as Smack, are able to take the lead in launching a new generation of products in the market, and the lead in selling prices and profits.
Enterors have just developed a successful generation of products to achieve production through client testing and a good climb, and the leaders have opened a new track for the next generation of products, and the prices of the original mainstream products will decline considerably, making it difficult for the new entrants to profit. This is, in general, a market where the Matthews have a significant and strong presence:
The second is the customer barrier. New light-module manufacturers enter the supply chain first through multiple tests by their clients, and then customize them according to the user’s needs, usually for a period of one to two years. The number of light-modules, the product of which is less than two to three years, makes it extremely difficult for new entrants to reach out to new customers:
Three are supply chain barriers. The global market for light modules is currently only $8 billion, compared to the semiconductor market of $420 billion, which is a small market, and the main demand side is a few global icp players, so the supply chain is very unstable. After several rounds of market volatility, the current market for light is based on the fact that the market is highly volatile.
The cost of laser chips is more than 50% of the total cost of high-speed light modules, and the price of chips is closely related to the size of the order, so that you get a discount from the upstream chip factory, and according to the industry chain research, the price of the lead chip can be paid by the small manufacturer.
One-two to one-third of the price of the goods. Compared to later entrants or small-scale manufacturers, the leading manufacturer leads the brilliant management of 4.3, such as chip supply, to a bright future.
The career experience of advanced photovoltaic companies in the industry has been very helpful in understanding industry trends at the top of the company. Among the leading leaders, Dr. Gong was a prominent Chinese business leader in Silicon Valley, an investor and a PV industry leader who received a PhD from the University of Berkeley, a Santaclara.
University baa degree, founded enterprises like sdl, China Xingtung, Pinephotonics Corporations, former Vice-President of Opnext, principal partner of the Oakland Risk Fund, with an impressive curriculum history; founder and managing director, Dr. Liu St. Lau, who was awarded undergraduate and Chinese degrees at the University of Qinghua.
M.A.A.A., Doctorate, Georgia Institute of Technology, United States of America, formerly employed in the United States of America, PV companies such as pinephotonicscomunifications, opnext, have a very advanced view of the PV industry.
5.1 How does the Chinese-American trade war have a bearing on the impact of the recent trade frictions in Central America and the United States?
This will have a significant impact on the business situation and the position of the industry, for the following reasons: 1) The light module is a technology-plus labour-intensive industry, where the main competitors are in China, and the trade has the same impact. The main competitors, including Finisar and aaoi, are in China, and are the main producers.
The primary product of 100 g, the chip, is also imported from the parent company, and the lasers are taxed on China’s $60 billion tax list. For example, the company’s main base includes photochip development and lasers at the Houston plant in the United States, the photochip encapsulation plant in Taiwan, and light in Ningbo in China.
Chips and module assembly plants, where more than 70% of products are delivered in Ningbo. 2) High-tax risk can be avoided by overseas plant or surrogates. The company is now in absolute leadership in the data centre photo module market, and if the tariff is raised at 10%, it can be negotiated upstream and downstream.
Most of the tax effects are absorbed. If the rate is increased to 25%, it can be solved by overseas plant or surrogates. New light-module manufacturers need to enter the supply chain first through multiple tests by their clients, and then customize them according to user needs to solve technical problems such as algorithms, modules, and customer system compatibility, generally.
This process takes one to two years, with a lot of time to adjust. 3) North America’s major icp data centre is global, offsetting some of the tariffs. In Microsoft, for example, Microsoft has 50 azure regions around the globe, spread across six continents, more than half of them.
Because they're not in the United States, there's a lot of light-module products that can not be sent directly to the United States, which are tax-free, and there is a risk of tax avoidance through other means in the future, so the effect of trade-war tariffs is not predictable.
The currency continued to depreciate, from 6.3 yuan/dollar to 6.8 yuan/dollars. And the Lighting Module was dominated by the use of United States dollar quotations by its clients in North America, so that the devaluation of the renminbi could offset the tax impact.
5.2 Silicon light shock: while far-fetched, there is no need to worry. Silicon light, i.e. silicon-based light electron, refers to silicon and silicon-based semiconductor material (including si/sige, soi, etc.), which facilitates the manufacture of technology with mature large-scale integrated circuits, the development and integration of optical electronic devices.
The devices are mainly made of three or five group materials (inp, gaas, etc.) and are mostly separate and expensive, while the use of silicon-based materials is expected to use the super-large, super-high-precision properties of existing integrated circuit technology, significantly reducing costs and, at the same time, a necessary route to the future of interconnection between the cards and even the chips.
Since the introduction of silicon light technology at Bell's Laboratory in 1969, after more than 50 years of exploration, detectors, modems, surface wave guides, rasters, etc. have been prepared through silicon-based materials. As silicon-based materials are indirect and have very low light efficiency, silicon-based lasers are still difficult to operationalize, and commercial silicon light is available in major manufacturers.
Each module integrates the three or five lasers with other silicon devices by various means. Low cost is the central advantage of silicon light. For conventional optical senders, the structure of their separate assembly requires a large number of layers of envelopes, resulting in an excessive proportion of the cost of encapsulation.
The cost of encapsulation is 60%, the cost of chips is only 30%, and the cost of the other 10%. The silicon light technology solves this bottleneck by increasing concentration through single integration, reinstating mature integrated circuit processes, reducing the cost of encapsulating the separators and reducing the technical requirements for their encapsulation.
Silicon light has taken up a certain market in 100 g light modules, but maturity and good rates still need to be raised. From the giants of Intel, Hua, Cisco, to the start-up companies, silicon light has been laid out, and now acacia and intel, sifotonics, luxtera, etc., have produced bulk shipments of silicon light modules and devices.
The advantages of PV integration, the integration of silicon light modules and dsp chips, the roll-out of silicon light-100g associated modules, the extensive application of which in the telecommunications market has been achieved, with companies as customers, such as Naking and Adva. In the 100gpsm4 light module of the data centre market, the silicon light programme has been compared to the traditional one because it requires only one laser.
For cwdm4, the same four lasers are required for silicon light, and cwdm4 requires wave re-use with silicon light, which has a temperature-floating problem compared to the traditional silicon 100g scheme.
National production is constrained, and the core patent for silicon light products is controlled by American companies. In the core of the patent, the intel patent is close to 250, the silicon light technology is well advanced, and domestic firms are ranked seventh in 114 patents, and country-by-country, 69.23 per cent of the United States patent is an absolute monopoly.
The future development of silicon light is still a challenge. On the one hand, photoelectric devices based on inp and other materials of the three or five ethnic groups are also being integrated into scale, and silicon light must be integrated, especially with the combination of electrochips.
Greater efforts are needed to achieve real cost overruns; on the other hand, the cost advantage of silicon light depends on its scale effect, and in the current context of the difficult production of silicon-based lasers and the insufficient size of the silicon light market, there is still a need for a larger investment to increase the rate of success, break through the technology and nurture the market.
Silicon light is difficult to gain when traditional 100-g light modules are less expensive. In the 400g generation, silicon light is theoretically superior, but not “one-size-fits-all”, and silicon light and traditional solutions will coexist over the long term. Silicon light is mainly used in the field of dr4 of 500 m, and in the case of fr4 of 2km, because of the temperature.
Fluids, good rates, losses, etc. cannot be applied on a scale in a short period of time: 400gsr8 or aoc, based on 25 gvcsel lasers, will be used for short-range connections. From a demand perspective, Google and Amazon are the biggest demand side for 400g products in 2019.
It's still a traditional distance from 2km, probably using a traditional optical program. At present, Smack has achieved a global lead in volume and bulk delivery on 400g products, while companies are building up the polar silicon light, and the future 400g product company will achieve a parallel between traditional optical products and silicon light.
On the whole, silicon light is still a long way from the shock of silicon. In the future, the only way companies can withstand silicon light shocks, such as intel, is to maintain high speeds until these giant silicon products mature, with a time advantage for giants, such as intel.
The global light market has evolved in line with three phases of telecommunications-to-digital-consumption, and for the first time this year the size of the data centre has surpassed the size of the telecommunications market and will continue to grow at high rates in the future. Data centre No. 1 North American data centre construction will remain high, China data centre construction will be three to four years behind the United States, and the future will continue.
The data centre’s main product, 100g light module, will continue to grow at a compound rate of over 60% in the future, and the company’s global market share is expected to remain at around 30% at the beginning of the 400g era.
5g commercial, about $40 billion market space for telecommunications light modules, is expected to generate $6 billion in new sales revenue for Siu. 5g commercial pre-period, 5g 19-20, is not significant for corporate revenue, and 40g products are expected to be added: life cycle exceeds forecast and due to future exit of 40g products from the market shortly after.
Far away, as a result, there is little competition, and the price reduction is currently modest; 400g light module: we expect the 400g light module to deliver 50, 2 million, 25, 30, and 400g, respectively, for 19-20 years.
There is a potential for further upgrading of China-United States trade frictions, uncertainty about companies' overseas plants and search for replacements, the risk of technological upgrading and replacements, competition for better and more productive silicon light products than expected, and the company’s lack of progress in developing silicon light products.
(a) Operator capital expenditure may fall short of expectations, and 5g R & D and industrial chain maturity may fall short of expectations;
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the results of a comparison of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years with the average value of the firms listed in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.