Foster (603806): h1 drops in profit levels, new product sales rises and the Māori rate drops sharply in crowding companies' profits.
The company dominated the production of photo-voltage plastics and backboards, which were affected by the growth in demand in the industry in the first half of the year, with a total sale of 277 million square metres, an increase of 19.71 per cent over the same period the previous year; and backboard products, which were caught in the face of last year’s performance.
The growth momentum has remained positive. But, as a result of the fall in the average sale price of products and the rise in the average purchase price of raw materials, the profitability of companies’ products has been reduced, directly leading to a significant decline in the level of corporate profitability.
The luminous industry is looking at a better view, and the level of profit expected from the remodelling of the membrane is projected to be 70.3gw in 2017, which is still at a high level, with the resulting demand for the sale of the evagne and backboards remaining high. At the same time, the demand is further reduced.
There is a clear trend in the cost of photovoltaic power, which gives real high-quality firms a reasonable margin of profit, as well as a healthy development path for poor-quality firms and the photovoltaic industry. The company is a global PV-envelope company, with a clear advantage, and “with 180 million m2 of solar cells produced annually.
In addition, the company has stepped up its efforts to promote value-added new film products, such as whiteeva, poe envelope film, in order to balance the impact on the company of the decline in the Māori rate of conventional eva membrane products.
Forster: eva film superimposed, looking at the steady growth of company performance in 2017 and the prospect of recovery of profitability.
In addition to deep-cultivated film products, the company is also working hard to build new material projects. The radiated demersal film is now being marketed, new plants are being built and imported production lines are being built; the aluminium plastic membrane has been delivered to downstream customers since March, and some of the test indicators have received good feedback; and the fccl equipment is being final calibrated.
In addition, based on the organic silicon-encapable material technology platform, the company has developed new products such as silicone-structured glue for photovoltage components. It is expected that in the second half of 2017, the company’s new materials will be released with a small amount of performance, but taking into account the new materials developed autonomously from the laboratory to the production.
Industrialization is then used on a large scale on a client basis and requires a number of processes that promise a sustained release of long-term performance.
Summer and fall: Master of Economics, Texas & University, USA, joined the Department of Securities and Investment Banks of Huambo in February 2015 as project manager, joined the sales team of the United Institute in August 2016. Author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels,
The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party ' s approval or approval.