iii idc+aidc (RunzeTechnology (300442.sz) Computer cloud infrastructure services drive continued high performance and long-term value highlights
aidc's operations drive high performance and investment in R & D continues to rise: operating income has increased significantly as a result of the rapid expansion of the company's business related to Aidc. 2024q3, the company achieved operating income of 2,835 million yuan, compared to the previous three quarters of the year, with accumulated operating income of $6,410 billion, an increase of 139.1 per cent over the same period the previous year; net repatriation is net.
Billions of dollars, an increase of 23,201% over the same period, are due mainly to the expansion of current revenues and corresponding increases in costs. Companies continue to increase their R & D investment to further technological innovation and business expansion. R & D fees, multiple dimensions of market leadership, and IAC operations, in the first three quarters of 2024: companies in idc, liquid cold, aidc III.
As a leading idc-led company, the company, based on a forward-looking national layout, has completed seven smart computing infrastructure clusters with a cumulative stock of 61 centres of intelligence and about 32 in the six core regions of Kyunjin, the Long Triangle, the Great Bay region, the Senglong Economic Circle, Gansu and Hainan Port of Trade.
In the case of "Little Cold Lead", the company took advantage of the high-calculation trend and the need for liquid cooling under the "Dual Carbon" target, took the lead in delivering the first pure liquid cold intelligence centre in the industry, and successfully designed a single building area.
The intelligence cluster of 220,000 square metres with an over 200mw power, which supports the high-calculation demand of over 130,000 computing cards, provides a strong support for the various ai applications. Through the application of liquid cold technologies at the new IQC in the multi-park, the company has significantly increased the stability and environmental efficiency of the IQC, and continues to lead the industry towards green efficiency.
In the first half of 2024, as the head of the “aidc lead” business, the company earned 20.54 lune technology in the field of intelligence: idc led by the industry of aidc to Aidc, with a million yuan in intelligence, a significant increase of 1,147.85%. With the deployment of the National Centre for Idea Calculator module, the company was attracted.
Focusing on the future -- Joaquin securities-communications-companies Express-Rwasa -- many head-head clients, deploying their core training modules to the Corporate Intelligence Center.
It is built to support a robust expansion of operations. 2024q3, the company ' s public fund-raising reits declaration through the Public Reits Project and Interbank Debt Technologies, aims to activate high-quality internal assets, reduce asset-liability ratios and set up a financing stick for the idc sector. In June, companies were granted interbank market non-financial enterprise debt financing.
Tools to optimize corporate finance with efficient financing platforms to support high growth in operations. In the management of the esg, companies incorporate environmental, social, and governance concepts into their operations. 2024q3, the company was awarded the "2024esg annual case award" by the People's Daily News. In environmental protection, companies continue to improve their green power consumption capacity.
In the first half of 2024, the green power trade was close to 400 million kilowatt-hours, with the addition of two new arithmetic centres receiving “national green data”