Performance was higher than expected, and sales of inverters from overseas increased significantly - Sunshine Power reported a net profit of $1,195 million in the third quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 115.61 per cent in the same year, and a deduction of non-net profit of $1,084 million, representing an increase of 133.62 per cent in the same year.
In the third quarter of the year, $4,967 million was collected, representing an increase of 82.50 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $749 million, an increase in the same year; the volume of overseas reversors increased and the profit is expected to continue to improve.
The first three quarters are expected to generate revenues of about $4.6 billion, with a net profit of about $700 million. Benefiting from the construction of offshore channels, the company’s share of overseas revenues has continued to rise, and the European and South-East Asian markets have been active and contributing to their performance this year.
The first three quarters are expected to be about 21gw, of which about 15gw will be delivered overseas. The company is now able to produce more than 50% of the goods from a chained inverter compared to a 300-deep trend, and as the capacity is released, the structure and cost of the company's output will go in.
\triangleright \triangleright
As a result of the epidemic, 7.27% of power station integration operations in the first half of the year and increased price volatility in the industrial chain in the second half of the year, the Department has been active in taking measures to mitigate the associated risks, and the q3 power station integration operation is expected to yield revenues of $1.92.3 billion and the Māori rate has recovered to over 15%.
The system has a market share of more than 20 per cent, q3 income is expected to be around $250 million, with a significant increase in the same ring, excellent cost controls, a significant increase in net interest rates, a significant improvement in operating cash flows and a 24.79 per cent per 10.17 per cent increase in the previous three quarters - 1.04 per cent + 2.19 pt; of which q3 is Māori/net
Due to the high performance of the company in the third quarter and the high growth in overseas exports, we have raised the company's profit forecast, which is expected to be public sunlight (300274.sz): mid-2020, long space, maintenance of the recommended rating.
The forecast of corporate financial statements is summarized in the forecasted figures for the industry's financial statements.
In August 2020, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels and that the logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and not to be influenced by any third party.