Equity incentives, retrograde + reserve power at speed, December 30, 2020, research assistant Wong Ki-hoon.
▪ Events: Sunshineepc has implemented equity incentives through a build-up of equity, targeting employee holding platforms, including listed companies, subsidiary executives, and core technicians. Equity incentives to bind employees for long-term development: epc 2001-3 parent net gain of $225 million, net gain
1/3. The successful implementation of the transaction is conducive to synergy among sections and to the effective mobilization of management and core cadres of their work motivation and initiative, strengthening their corporate identity, enhancing the stability of their workforce, and further promoting sound growth and excellence in companies and new solar energy sources.
• China’s long line has accelerated and the cluster has risen: two main trends in the future industry: 1) the domestic inverser is of good quality (at a unit price of 30-50 per cent) and the share of domestic enterprises abroad in 19 years is 55 per cent (at gw), is expected to be 60 per cent + 20 years, is expected to be 80 per cent + and is clear on the accelerated export trend; 2) distributed development + permeable power stations, with a global chain of 60 per cent in 19
The inverter’s global leader, the city’s rising rate: the company is the global leader of the inverter, the city’s rising rate this year, and the overseas share is increasing at a high rate. The inverter is about 30gw (24% of the city, 15% of the year 19), of which the country’s largest storage leader is: in the long run, with the intensive landing of the forced storage policy and the economy of the storage capacity.
The proximity of sexual trafficking and the increase in global photovoltaic penetration after price parity highlight the importance of storage to smooth power generation, which is expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years. The company is the country’s largest energy reversionor, with its energy system installed for the first time in four consecutive years, earning 540 million yuan in 19 years and an estimated 1 billion yuan in 20 years, an increase of 80 per cent +.
Sunshine Power (300274) Quarterly Review: q3 q3 performance forecast, full coverage of reversals, changes in currents, storage energy, etc.
Epidemic 2020-10-302, Sunshine Power (300274) Clean Energy Conversion Global Lead 2020-
3 In Sunshine Power (300274) : Accelerating Overseas Infiltration, Inverters Reverse High Growth 2020-08-28
Events: Sunshine Pepc implemented equity incentives through a build-up of equity, targeting employee holding platforms, including listed companies, subsidiary executives, and core technicians. Equity incentives tied employees for long-term development: 20q1-3 parent net gain of $225 million, net gain
With a 41 per cent rate of 570 million or 23 per cent of the capital invested in this platform, the company is valued at $2.48 billion after the investment, and the successful implementation is easy to achieve, enabling the clusters to work together, and is able to effectively mobilize the motivation and initiative of management and core cadres, strengthen their corporate identity, enhance the stability of their workforce, and further promote new corporate and sunny energy.
China’s long line has accelerated out of the sea, and the cluster has risen: two major future trends in the industry: 1) the domestic inverser is of good quality (at a unit price of 30-50%) and the share of domestic firms abroad in 19 years is 55% (at gw) and is expected to be 60% + 20 years, and 80% + the future.
Export acceleration trends are clear; 2) Distributive development + osmosis power stations, 60% global chain ratio in 19 years, expected to be 65% in 20 years; 3) Māori ratio: overseas > domestic, cluster > centralized figure 3: Inverter space measurements in overseas markets
Reverser’s global leader, the city’s rising rate: the company’s global leader, the city’s rising rate this year, with a high rate of increase in overseas share. Reverser delivery is about 30gw (24 per cent, 15 per cent in 19), of which overseas 21gw figure 5: corporate reversion (gw)
In the long term, the importance of storage to smooth power generation has been highlighted by the fact that storage capacity is expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years. Companies are the largest reversible transformers in the country, and storage systems are connected.
For the next four years, it will be the country's number one, earning 540 million yuan in 19 years, projected to be 1 billion yuan in 20 years, with an increase of 80 per cent +, and for the next two years, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. will have a portfolio investment advisory committee.