October 30, 2020 – High Māori Reversers overseas continue to be released, and corporate performance continues to be higher than expected
Thirty-one percent of the ring rises 17.5 pct to achieve a net return of $749 million, an increase of 237.79 percent, and corporate performance continues to be higher than expected. The company’s growth in 2020q3 accelerated, with Māori rates reaching almost two years of single-season peaks, largely benefiting from overseas high-māori product release and power station growth, and continued to grow at a higher rate.
And the overseas Māori Reverser's share of goods has slowed down, and the company's Māori ratio has been improving, pushing for faster profits. The company's electricity and new energy main lines, multi-operational co-development, single-business convergence, we see long-term competitiveness, and we're going up and down with the high photovoltaic price cycle.
• The price of the inverter is supported by the epidemic, with the overseas share increasing profitability further by an estimated profit of nearly 1 billion in the first three quarters, with more than 700 million photovoltaic inverters, about 21gw in the first three quarters, nearly 15gw overseas, and about 71% overseas from about 65% in the first half of the year.
The impact of the epidemic has been limited in the supply of overseas reversors, with a limited reduction in the price of 2020q3, while companies continue to drop, pulling up to the 2020q3 revariant Maori rate. The 2020q4 revariant business is expected to remain at a high level of profitability and, above, to increase capacity-building to prepare for the global new energy feast.
The company was affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year, the company was less profitable, while 2020q3 recovered, the power station accumulated.
The profit is about 300 million. The pc project varies widely, and the company is the only company in the world that has a research and development centre.
Corporate Information Update - Performance is on the cutting edge, and the business is now profitable. The company looks forward to saving energy, which can be added to the new global energy business -- 2020.7.22.
Energy power generation is an important smooth tool, with a potential doubling of storage revenue in 2021.The corporate update report 2019 cash flows have improved significantly, and the impact of the short-term epidemic has not changed performance.