Resource and Environmental Research Centre Increases in the value of sales during the season to compensate for upstream-led cost pressures Corporate fundamentals (RMK)
On 19 October, the company issued an announcement that three quarters of its operating income had been 39,661 million yuan, an increase of 116 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of 6,011 million yuan, an increase of 139 per cent over the same period. The “volume price” had increased so as to compensate for the cost pressures of rising raw materials and costs.
During the seasons, which were supported by downstream demand, while the prices of raw materials were significantly higher, the prices of the company ' s main products were clearly up, the company raised the prices of mdi in August, the prices of pure mdi and polymer mdi increased by 11 per cent, 10 per cent and the unit price of petrochemical products increased.
About 20 per cent, partially transmitting the impact of a significant upturn in raw materials and energy prices; in three quarters, the company entered a period of overhaul, with smoke station mdi devices, bc area mdi, smoke station tdi, po, pdh devices successively entering 1.
During the renovation phase, there was a drop-off in production, but the sales of polyurethane and fine chemical products were higher - the " Quantities " assessment, which partially offsets the upward cost pressure by adding up to the price, but the upstream price rise still makes it possible.
2. The " medium-reported overperformance " , where projects support long-term companies with an overall Māori rate down to 26.9 per cent, benefits from the company ' s control advantages in terms of size and industry chain formation, and still ensures that the product maintains a relatively good profit margin.
"Wanhua Chemical Report (II): Disaggregate mdi industry. Three quarters of a month, influenced by the overhaul of the company ' s smoke station 750,000 tons of pdh devices, petrochemical production is slightly lower.
All right, but while the operation of the Ethylene project has stabilized and the profitability of the product has increased, with the prospect of a gradual strengthening of the company ' s petrochemical operations, short-term outbreaks and overseas transport tensions still have some impact on the demand for the product downstream, and the cost of raw materials has not yet been fully transferred downstream.
The price differential for PUR products has been reduced to a certain extent in the long-term prices of PUR products, so PUR is still the company’s performance year in the short term. Currently, the company’s fine chemical products are running relatively smoothly, and we expect to be associated with the company in the future.
In-house and research projects are gradually being put into production, and the company is expected to fast-track the products of the new track and move the existing fine chemical projects to the top.
The smoke station has completed the mdi technical expansion, bc additional capacity, the Fujian project is continuing, polyurethane operations are continuing to grow; the petrochemical sector will also advance the layout of the Fujian base, while fine-tuning is expected to occur at Yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn
Wang Minghui, an analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, then averaged the final rating and built it as an average market investment.