On December 29th, according to company e, Manchuria funded 50 million yuan to create the Manchuria.
In addition to traditional projects such as the manufacture of basic chemical materials, the manufacture of specialized chemical products, etc., these include the sale of new catalytic materials and aids; the sale of food additives; the sale of feed additives; and the manufacture, sale and sale of biological-based materials.
With the company’s network of officers, the company has evolved into a more comprehensive organizational framework, and outside the former polyurethane, petrochemical, and new materials industries, the company has further expanded its new and emerging technology, functional chemicals, high-performance polymers.
1. " Growing prices during the season to compensate for upstream-led Ministries, Materials Solutions, and Materials Solutions, with products gradually moving from traditional polyurethane products, petrochemicals and underlying extension materials to catalytic agents, spices, engineering plastics, degradable plastics, fully biodegradable materials,
2. High Reported Performance Growth, Extension of Business Blocks Resonance Extreme Battery Materials, Extension of New Product Packages, with Emphasis on Cumulatively Capable - The Million China Chemical Review,
Technology and processes associated with development prospects. At the present stage of the available volume, the company is very strong. 3. "The reported performance of the company is exceeding expectations, the project is on the ground to support the long-term industrial base and financial strength, which allows for simultaneous layout and product development in more areas, plus the company. "
With its own strong cost-control and engineering capabilities, it is expected that fine chemical products will continue to outpace the approximate rate 4. The Manpower Chemical Report (II): Disaggregate the creation of the milli-chemical subsidiary, which shows that the company has built up and laid technology in the relevant fields.
It is expected that the process will gradually be carried out through a company entity. This refined chemical product, which focuses on the manufacture, sale and sale of bio-based materials, will be consistent with the degradation of the plat product that the company has been working on, and that, according to the company's layout, the pbat project is already under construction.
During the pilot phase, it is expected that the company will gradually expand the layout of bio-based materials in the field of bio-material manufacturing at the pla cut-off point. At the same time, the layout of the bio-based materials is expected to enrich the company’s process selection in the area of disaggregation as compared to the company’s traditional fossil-based resource route.
The smoke station has completed the mdi technical expansion, bc additional capacity, the Fujian project is continuing, polyurethane operations are continuing to grow; and the petrochemical sector will also advance the layout of the Fujian base, while fine-tuning is expected to occur at Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn
Yang yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn  Risk of downside product prices and risk of large fluctuations in raw material prices; new projects not progressing as expected; new materials
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment