q3 performance is largely in line with expectations, and the strategic landscape is still open for growth.
.q3 Performance Rings have fallen, but they still show a steady and excellent profitability, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. On October 18, the company released its third quarterly report for 2021, and the company achieved a decline in net return profits in the first three quarters, but it still shows a steady profitability.
At the same time, the company petrochemical and new material plates continue to increase the company ' s profit margin, and in conjunction with the three-quarterly reports that we have increased the price of raw materials and power coal by 2021, that the cost of doing business has risen, and that the performance of q3 has fallen slightly.q3 companies have achieved a net return profit of 6011 million yuan, compared to the q2 ring ratio of 12.99 per cent.
q3 PUR series averaged RMB 15,504 per ton, ring ratio + 2.63 per cent, sales ring ratio + 4.18 per cent, petrochemical series RMB/tonne, ring ratio - 2.81 per cent, sales ring ratio + 21.24 per cent. Polyurethane plates continued to show a flat price trend, and petrochemical plates were produced and sold as a result of a one-month overhaul conducted by pdh and po in early September.
The price of the company’s main material, pure benzene, coal, propane, etc., increased significantly in cost terms, with an average price of 5000 kcal power coal in the third quarter of 2021 at RMB 1,055/t, compared to +104%, and an increase in the cost of raw materials and energy putting some pressure on the company’s operating costs.
• The “double carbon” strategic layout is gradually falling, Fujian and Sichuan base building is progressing, and growth is still on track for the first half of 2021, the company’s share-sharing energy (Heiyang) and the flotilla (Lizhou) are complementary to photovoltaic power generation.
The company update report, which reports a record performance, will introduce green power in the future, with the prospect of early achievement of the “double carbon” target.
The company plans to build 50,000 tonnes/year iron phosphate, 50,000 tonnes/year lithium phosphate production project and associated fittings at the Maroon Hill base, once again taking a firm step in the field of material in the North Pole. On 21 August, Fujian base held mdi, Corporate Information Update Report, which reported high performance.
The installation of large-scale equipment for the integration project was inaugurated at a start, and the project was built on a steady pace, with future growth still within reach.
Keep it high, q1's up to date.