Over-expected, further improvement of the five grain fluid margins, five grain fluids - five grain fluids (000858) semi-annual reviews.
The net profit of the owner of the parent company was $7.11 billion, an increase of 43.02 per cent in the same year. In the second quarter of 2018, the operating income of the company was $75.23, an increase of 37.73 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $2,139 million attributable to the owner of the parent company, an increase of 55.20 per cent in the same year.
The profits of the income are higher than expected, and the collection ring ratio has fallen. The company's 18h1-year operating income was 21,421 million yuan, an increase of 37.13 per cent in the same year, and its median drinking income was 20,254 million yuan, an increase of 37.09 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was 7,110 million yuan, an increase of 43.02 per cent in the same year. Of this, 18q2, the public forecast. The final advance was 4,419 million yuan, a decrease of 1,353 million yuan, taking into account the company's release of a portion of the advance, which was adjusted for change.
According to the firm’s plan to stop the goods while making clear that the volume of orders is higher than the year-round, we believe that the second half of the year’s release is unlikely and that, with the digestion of the dealer’s inventory, the price of the five grains will gradually become a trend towards full-scale smooth prices. The cost rate will rise slightly, the cost reduction measures will be effective, and the increase in the billing will affect cash flow.
The source of financial growth in the East was 10.06 per cent, a decrease of 3.86 pct, mainly influenced by a decline in the return of distributors after sale at a favourable price and a decrease in the promotion of inputs in the liquor market series; management cost 5.52 per cent, an increase of 1.24 pc: net interest rate of 34.84 per cent, a decrease of 2.68 pct. The cost rate for the period up to 2016 was relative to that for the sale of the five grains.
The competitor is at a higher level, but with the implementation of the strategy of `full budget management plus enhanced platform-based advantage', the cost rate has gradually been pushed forward, and down the line of 2017 the price rate has fallen to 16.58 per cent. A significant 33 per cent drop has been recorded. While there has been a slight increase in H1 in 2018, the cost rate is still a large trend for the future five grains. As a result of the adjustment in the company's q1 mortgage policy, distributors have been active, on the basis of research.
By spring, 40% had been disbursed, and H1 was expected to have completed 80% of the year-round repayments, but with the bulk of the bills, H1 receivables of $16.978 billion, which is below the level of $3.165 billion for the same period last year. We expect the lower half of the operating cash flow to improve.
\triangleright around the house. Speed up the national layout of the new retail network of the "Five Feathers" and implement a corporate strategy in collaboration with leading Internet companies like Kyundong, Suning, Ali, and run parallel to the self-builder platform to facilitate the digital transformation of the marketing system: Digital Logistics Platform, Full Channel Internet Platform, Large Number
According to the construction of the three main platforms of the marketing decision platform, in 2018, the company’s executive plan was to deliver $739/$839, one-to-one, at an average price for the plant, and the stoppage price was slightly more effective.
In early 2017, Zou was transferred from the supervisory office of the Sichuan Provincial Committee to serve as a member of the company committee and deputy secretary of the group, and after taking up his post, he made frequent visits to wine companies such as Jinzhou, Kennanchun, Rang, etc., with a strong interest in the development of the wine series, and with more in-depth research and understanding of the wine industry, he was able to assist in the development of the wine industry.
In our second-quarter in-depth report, Tseng Ma, the five-food fluid “Dam” theory looks at the market-market growth space, we compare the five-food fluids to the two “dams” of the reservoir, and the brand and channel power limit the potential of the market value of the five-food fluids, as the multi-measured channels of reform deepens and expands.
The product combing has accelerated, and we believe that the two gates of the five grain fluids have been opened. At this stage, we are focusing on the five grain fluids, which are currently at the valuation base, and which have been growing at a fully compatible rate for the last three years, while managing team combing has helped to open the two gates more smoothly in the future.
The M.A. holds a first degree in finance from the University of Durant, England, and a second degree from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space.
Fan Jianji, China Agricultural University-University of California at Berkeley, has jointly developed a Ph.D. in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to analyze his research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.