It's a long, long, hard-working, five-food, five-food, five-food, five-food, five-food, five-food, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old, five-year-old.
Policy aspects: In April, planning for the implementation of the Plan of the People ' s Government of the City of Iobin and the People ' s Committee of the People ' s Republic of China for the Further Implementation of the Plan of Implementation of the Five Grains and Liquids Group.
S148017001 Group sales revenue in 2019 was over $100 billion, sales revenue in 2022 Income: company 2018q1 generated business income of $13,898 million, a year-on-year increase
According to our research, sales in the second quarter have maintained a good quarterly momentum. On the product side, the need for a new five-food contract in 2018 was far higher than the supply, and on July 30, China.
The Eastern Marketing Centre confirmed that the customer orders for the 52-degree new five-food fluids exceeded the year-round, with respect to batch prices: about $810-820 for the May-June 2018 food batches, 23 June, suspension of the receipt of the new five-food fluid orders, and an increase to about 820 in some parts of late June-July.
On the management side: In July, the P5 Group appointed Zou Tao, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee, as Deputy Chairman and Managing Director of the P5 Group. The Director General of the P5 Group assisted Liu in the distribution of sales, the Marketing Department, the Marketing Services Department, the seven major marketing centres and the Brand Protection Department.
1 " Five grain fluids (000858): smooth reform progresses, 2 and " Five grain fluids (000858) " : steady increase, no reform, 3 and " Five grain fluids (000858) " : tseng lashes, 5 grain fluids.
“Dams” theory: market-market growth space” 2018-04-134, “Five grain fluids (000858) semi-annual review: consumption taxes from strict collection without compromising performance cores” 2017-08-29
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East (000858): The initial heart is inflexible, the path is inhibiting and long, the food is in a great hurry, the drinking industry is planning a high growth rate, the industry is buying and buying, or it is about to start.
With the plan of the Five Grain Group Corporation to make a strong executive opinion, the Group will be able to break 100 billion yuan in 2019, with sales revenue exceeding 130 billion yuan in 2022 and more than 500 dollars in 2025; the alcohol industry will require an average annual increase of over 32 per cent to achieve this target, while the group ' s listed company, the owner of the group, EBN, will be able to reach 2018,
According to research, over 1,100 businesses have been built in the second quarter, and an additional 500-600 special stores are expected to be created throughout 2018, focusing on filling the city and county gaps, reaching around 1,600.
The digital supply chain platform, which is an important measure of channel inventory management and lot price control, is in its initial stages of development as an information transfer and feedback system linking the public, distributor, terminal, consumer and commodity flows. It will significantly enhance the ability to control pipeline inventory and product prices in the future, and the distributors will support and understand the company’s ongoing efforts.
The product collating effect has been remarkable, and the concept of the "Five Grains" + "Five Food Systems" brand has been further deepened. Continue to advance the strategies of the "1+3" and "4+4" food systems.
In 2018, the company’s stockholders meeting set a target of 10 billion dollars, with a 50% increase in core products, and the firm clearly suggested that a two billion yuan, two to three billion dollars, and five to one billion dollars worth of brands should be developed during the 13-05 period. We believe that cotton-spills, five grain springs, are expected to hit two billion singles, five grains, and five grains of alcohol are expected to become one billion.
In July 2018, the P5 group appointed the Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee, Zou Tao, as Vice-President and Managing Director of the P5 group.
The Sichuan Department of the Discipline Committee has been transferred as a member, deputy secretary, and since taking office, has made frequent visits to Penang County's old cellar, Seng Nam Chun, and other sources of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East.
Long work, we judge that the future will gradually play a greater role in bringing together our management. In our second-quarter in-depth report Tsima, the five-food fluid “dam” theory, we compare the five-food fluids to the two “dams” of the reservoir, brand power and channel power, which limit the potential of the market value of the five grains, as a result of the in-depth reform of the multi-measured channels and product synthesizing.
The acceleration of brand growth, we believe that two gates of the five grain fluids are opening. At this stage, we are focusing on the five grain fluids, which are currently at the valuation base, and which have been growing at a fully compatible rate for the last three years, while managing team combing helps to open the two gates more smoothly in the future.
The M.A. obtained a first degree in finance from the University of Durant, England, and a second degree from the University of Beijing.
Fan Jianji, China Agricultural University-University of California at Berkeley, has jointly developed a Ph.D. in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to analyze his research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.