Food beverages with five grain fluids (000858) with slightly higher performance than expected, second-level entrepreneurial prospects, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company released its mid-term report for 2018, which achieved revenue of $21.42 billion in the first half of the year, with a favourable price for less-season controlled goods, a steady increase in bulk prices, and a series of drinking power. 1. The company plans to release a series of 20,000 tons of liquids throughout the year, with actual delivery expected to reach 11,000 tons in the first half of the year (about 6,000 tons in q1).
In late June, orders were suspended to effectively digest the pipeline stock, which is currently in the hands of distributors with low stock levels and a healthy end-of-life real marketing. The demand for light-season terminals remained strong, with company batch prices rising steadily, at a lower point of less than $800, rising to the current close of $830, compared to the cost of delivery, which is $789 and the profit from the pipeline has improved significantly.
There is still room for further price increases in the future, given the current price differentials between P5 and Maotai. The new five grains, liquids, cups, 1618s, lows, and so on, together, build a product system of "1+3" food fluids, which will benefit from high-end alcohol demand dividends and maintain a higher rate of speed.
Growth. 2. The series of wine brands “three focuss” principles are fast landing and brand clean-up is proceeding in an orderly fashion. The series has been restructured over the past year (130 brands to 49), with an effective focus on the strategy of “4+4” products, and the creation of core single products such as five ol and five edible springs, which hit the target of 10 billion dollars a year.
The marketing system follows the development approach of “Strength brands, channels, marketing” and the marketing process has made a new breakthrough: 1) branding has been effective. Companies have been effective in developing core consumer groups and upgrading the branding of five grains through activities such as marketing conferences and advertising campaigns; 2)
The construction of thousands of shops in hundreds of cities and counties has progressed steadily, as compared to the past, with companies strengthening end-door displays and interaction with consumers, promoting the transition from traditional to modern end-market marketing; and 3) business structure optimization. Companies continue to implement the “quality investment” strategy, tilting their limited resources towards core markets and further optimizing their business structures.
The company is set to land in April, where management and distributor interests will be aligned, internal and external, reform efforts will be strong, secondary entrepreneurship will be bright. Māori rates will go up, consumption taxes will return to normal, and cost-control profitability will rise.
The company ' s rate of gross domestic product (Māori) rose from 1.2 pp to 72.8 per cent in the same year,2 the consumption tax from 2.36 billion dollars in the same year to 1.4 pp in the same year, and the company ' s control over cost and efficiency of internal management and overall performance improved. The company ' s net interest rate of h1, 34.8 per cent, increased by 1.6 pp in the same year, improved profitability.
The company’s reform dividend was released and its performance was on the rise, with Sichuan Yingbin, known as the “Gown of Favorite Wine” as the company’s high-quality productive belt, as a prominent representative of the strong fragrance of white wine, which had won the title of wine on four occasions. The P5 company now has the production capacity of more than 400,000 tons of annual cooking fluids and their series of wine, and is the world’s largest producer.
The largest brewing base is known as the “China Liquor King.” As a representative of the high-end white wine industry, the five grain fluids represent dozens of countries and regions across the globe, with many distinctions, both within and outside the country, and a leading position in the white wine industry in China. The company’s main business structure: in mid-18 years, the company generated 94.6 per cent of the revenue from alcohol and 4.4 per cent from plastics.
In terms of Maori composition, the alcohol industry contributed 99.3% of the company ' s performance: between 2009 and 2012, the company ' s operating income and net profits have been growing at a rapid rate of 30% per year, with income levels remaining a leader in the industry. At the end of 2012, it was affected by three public consumption restrictions and anti-corruption efforts.
High-end alcohol prices, such as the low demand for high-end alcohol, have been cut off. The market share of high-end alcohol has been stolen significantly by narrowness and the difference between the price of the five grains and fluids. Business income and net return earnings were equal to 9.1% in 2013 and 19.8% in 2013, the size of the harvest was exceeded for the first time and performance fell again in 2014.
With the recovery of the industry and the firm’s deep adjustment for more than two years, the company has gradually emerged from its difficulties and its performance has regained its growth momentum. In April 2018, the company’s mix-up program landed and launched a new venture to start a second enterprise. 1) Assuming that the industry is recovering, high-end white wine is breathtaking, and the terminal price can be stabilized at more than $1,500 per bottle.
(b) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for, or for, specific references or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.