Pride petrochemicals (002493): Gradual restoration of profits, leading to resilience, greater volatility of profits from oil prices throughout the year 2023, and gradual recovery of business performance in the second half of the year. In 2023, the prices of crude oil, natural gas and most chemical products fell significantly under the shock of the company’s operations, resulting in pressure on the company’s performance;
During the second half of the year, the refining landscape was gradually repaired and demand for refined products was better. The company achieved a business income of 86,064 million yuan in the fourth quarter, an increase of 34.52 per cent in the same year and a rise of 1.82 per cent in the ring; and a net profit of 1,051 million yuan in the return to the mother, an increase of 149,78 per cent in the same year.
The first quarter of 2024 saw a marked improvement in profits. In the first quarter of 2024, companies achieved $81,088 million in operating income, an increase of 16.30 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity was $552 million, an increase of 137.63 per cent in the same year; net profit on non-repatriation was $475 million.
Business climate repair, supply and demand patterns of the aromatic chain are good, 51% of the company’s holdings have 8.8 million tonnes/year of px production, and the fully-owned subsidiaries have 1.6 million tonnes/year of px production, which supports the company’s performance. Further in-depth cooperation with Saudi Arabia’s Arab counterparts will promote the company’s long-term development.
The Memorandum of Understanding discussed the company's intention to acquire 50% of the shares of the Saudi Arabian-American wholly-owned company Jubail Refinery, while discussing the potential acquisition of up to 50% of China's equity in gold petrochemical, and the joint development of the existing Chinese petrochemical installation extension project, as well as the development of new materials for downstream prosperity. As of April, agreement had been reached on some of the matters.
See also the signing of the Framework Agreement on Cooperation, which is expected to further enhance day-to-day communication, technology research and development and operational cooperation between the two sides, and to promote the achievement of their respective strategic objectives and long-term sustainable development.
In January 2024, a total investment of 67.5 billion yuan was announced in the construction of a new material project for gold ponds to produce 3 million tons of catalytic cracking devices, 1 million tons of gas components, 1 million tons of evaa and 200,000 tons of poe.
4) December 2023. In Insein Science and Technology produced 250,000 tonnes of functional polyester membrane expansion, with the company having 430,000 tonnes of polyester membrane production capacity, which is the highest in the country. 5) In August 2023, a 1000 ton/year α-vinyl hydrocarbons test project was successfully delivered and the current successful production of qualified product 1-hexene helped to break the dependence on foreign technology.
Investment proposals: Large and beautiful, the value of the bottom of the industry cycle is highlighted. High oil price shocks, with the warmer demand, produce " Glory Pulse " (002493): there is a tendency to recover the difference in prices with Saudi América; the company ' s high-quality assets are being put into production and expected to recover gradually. Pursuant to the precautionary principle, performance is expected to recover.
Repurchase of shares in subordinate companies to build a company-by- company review report for the Golden Pond Project.
Pride petrochemicals (002493): 2023q2 profitable. Repairs, high-value-added projects, long-term contribution.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.