2023: confirmed at the bottom of the landscape, new material sheet, 28/04/04/04
The Bureau opened up the growth space and the research assistant went back to his mother's net profit of $1.16 billion, or 65%.
One hundred and fifty million yuan, with the same profit, the same ring and 15 per cent loss, and the overall performance is as expected. In the second half of the year, the benefits of refining have declined, and the results have been better than in the first half of the year. 1) ZP and SPC are the main players in the company ' s refining plates, of which in 2023 they were netted separately.
The profit was 13.7-040 million, of which 23h2 was marked by a persistent downward trend in oil prices during the 23h1 period, with an increase in depreciation after the second phase of total fixation. The price of oil increased after entering 23h2.
First up and then down, the overall impact on the losses and losses on the stock after the hit was less than in the first half of the year. At the same time, it benefited from improved end demand, a marginal recovery in chemical prices, an expansion of the niche for the export of finished oils, the production of finished oils and aromatic hydrocarbons to keep the atmosphere high, and the profit margins of the aromatic hydrocarbons to the bottom.
Post-departure demand was released quickly, and in 2023 the finished oils were repaired on a profitable basis, with domestic gasoline/diesel production benefiting from an increase in downstream polyester start-up rates and driven by the demand for phased oils, an improvement in supply and demand in 2023 px, and the same difference in oil prices as in previous years +21 per cent.)
Emission of end-of-end additional production capacity, FCS running at a profit margin of 2023 lldpe/ polypropylene compared to Pulse petrochemicals (002493): Release of “Quality return diesel/px/pure benzene/lldpe/polypropylene, respectively +0%/-
The two-upgrading program, which is supported by a combination of measures, is expected to follow the demand margins to build the bottom.
The three new material projects that extend the layout downstream include the 3#ethylene and downstream chemicals project Pyrochemicals (002493): the 2023 performance forecast has been put into production in 23 years, and the high-performance resin project and the high-end new materials project are moving in an orderly fashion.
In addition to this, the company has been actively engaged in the globalization of Al-Amey, which was introduced as a strategic investor in 2023, and in April 2024, the company further signed a Cooperation Framework Agreement with Al-Amey, Saudi Arabia.
In addition, the two sides are planning to jointly develop a project for the development of new and prosperous materials (a canoe), with a total investment of 67.5 billion US dollars, to extend the layout of the peo, ptt, chdm, pct.
New material products, such as refined properties, are further highlighted. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Limited has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business.