On April 29, 2024, the petrochemicals team released its first quarter report of 2024.
The company achieved operating income of $81,088 million in 2024q1, an increase of 16.30 per cent over the same period, and the q1 zirconide performance is still in a state of grinding, accompanied by or will be repaired by a difference in the price of chemical products: 1,255 million zirconium net profit (invested in on the basis of Sronkun shares)
1. “Emergency and petrochemicals: Rehearsal training at the bottom of the scenery, leading up to recovery, improvement in product prices, and improvement in Zulcochemical performance are expected.” Su!, 2024.4.26.
At present, the demand for fermentation is still in the state of grinding. 2024q1 polyolefins - crude oil.
The company has a large amount of chemical production capacity for the aromatics, which is accompanied by a return to the demand for the chemical endpoints Warm, and the price differentials for the company's products are expected to be repaired, largely quantifying the industrial products or will be spent in the future Focus plate px strongly supporting the company's performance repair: 2024q1 international crude oil price shock
Dollars/tons, which are 9.73% larger than the same year, remain at the same level of medium- and high-price differentials overall. Glory petrochemicals hold shares of 51% and 100% of carbide and gold petrochemicals, respectively, 40 million tonnes/year of crude oil processing capacity and 8.8 million tonnes/year of px production, China gold.
As the end demand continues, the px plate is expected to support the company’s performance. Several new materials projects are well advanced, leading to high-quality development and high-growth futures.
Sex: Based on the existing industry chain, the company is actively developing new material-related items. The new material project in the gold pond for investment is now under way and is proceeding in an orderly manner.
Hydrocarbons, special rubbers and elastics, engineering plastics, fine and specialized chemicals, new materials at the forefront, and current pre-productions are proceeding in an orderly manner.
The projects, the Shen Yuan optics II, and so forth are moving forward in an orderly manner. At the same time, the company is actively engaged in globalizing the landscape. ... Following the introduction of Saudi Arabia as a strategic investor in 2023....The two parties signed the Framework Agreement for Cooperation in April 2024, and as cooperation between the two sides deepens, it will be possible.
The company has deployed new energy-related materials such aseva, poe, dmc, pc, and abbs, further expanding the scale of its high-end chemical materials and capacity and the future growth of its companies.
We appreciate the potential growth in performance resulting from the repair of the demand for heating and from the ability of the company to produce new materials, but the demand for yet another hydrocarbon chemical is still in the early stages of recovery, (1) changes in crude oil prices affect the company ' s profitability calculations; and (2) low end demand levels.
Risks: (3) project construction does not meet the expected risk: (4) significant exchange rate fluctuation risk of US$ 4 (5) force majeure risk. 1, px block continuity, q1 performance meets expectations
The company ' s first quarterly report for 2024, released on 29 April 2024, achieved operating revenues of 81,088 million yuan in 2024q1, an increase of 16.30 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 5.78 per cent in the ring; achieved a net return profit of 552 million yuan and sustained restoration of the carcinogenization performance of 2024q1 major subsidiaries.
According to Kyokun's share investment earnings, 149.10% of the year, the ring increased by 25.94%; with improved end demand and a gradual repair of the price differentials, ZP performance is expected to improve further. In recent years, the company has continuously improved the layout of various chemical products to enhance the value added of the products, thus producing a large amount of the chemical carbide.
At present, the demand for fermentation is still in a state of grinding, followed by the heating of end consumption, the production capacity of the chemical product, along with the heating of the chemical end demand, and the expectation that the price differential of the company ' s products will be repaired, or that the industrial product will be largely quantified or will support the company ' s performance in the future.
Figure 4: Polyolefins - Repaired after the previous oil price differential dropped to the bottom of history
3.23 The ring is 3.79% wide, and the overall price margin is still high. Glory petrochemicals hold shares of 51% and 100% of carbide and gold petrochemicals, respectively, 40 million tonnes/year of crude oil processing capacity and 8.8 million tonnes/year of px production capacity, while middle gold petrochemicals hold 1.6 million tonnes/year of px production capacity.
It is hoped that the company ' s performance will be sustained.