Year-on-year performance increases, looking at the contribution of refining operations throughout the year Events: 25 April 2024, Emeritus published its annual report for 2023.
On April 29, 2024, Precious Stone published its first quarterly report for the year 2024. In the first quarter of 2024, the Department achieved operating income of $81,088 million, an increase of 16.30 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity was $552 million, an increase of 137.63 per cent in the same year; net profit on graduation was $475 million, an increase in the same year.
In 2023, the company lost its profits on a year-on-year basis, but its performance improved significantly in the second half of the year. In 2023, the company’s petrochemical subsidiary achieved a net profit of 1,367 million yuan, a decline of 77.41 per cent, mainly due to a concussion in international oil prices in the first half of the year, and the price and production of refined plate raw materials.
The price of the product has been stagnated by a combination of factors such as weak demand in the downstream market, with net profit in the first half of the year amounting to US$ 17,152 million; the demand for traditional refined products in the second half of the year has increased significantly, and according to our calculations, net profit from petrochemicals in the second half of 2023 is about US$ 3.1 billion, the ring is higher.
Six months of growth, 278%. Polyester plates, with the reduced impact of the epidemic, have increased consumption below the line, the consumption of fibre-optic terminals has increased significantly, the efficiency of corporate polyester plates has been restored, and the company’s consummation of metachemical fibres has achieved a net profit of $104 million, which is about $100 million, compared to the increase in profits.
The year-on-year performance has improved significantly, looking forward to the year-on-year contribution of refining performance. At the cost end, Brent oil prices have been running at a medium-high shock in the first quarter of 2024, with a slight fall in the overall price center, a quarterly average price of $81 per barrel, a decline of about 1% in the same year-on-year and ring-by-year ratio, and the company ' s crude oil procurement costs have been biased.
On the profit side, the price differential for finished products is relatively stable and the level of profit for chemicals continues to rise. We believe that the overall refining rate will slow down in 2023-2024, while the national economy continues to improve, with residents travelling regularly.
Upon display, there is still some room for restoration of the demand for finished oils; the chemical plates are influenced by the weakness of domestic real estate, with aromatics, aromatic plates or arctic patterns, but the overall chemical landscape has been warming up in the recent past, and we still see the profit from corporate refining plates throughout the year.
In 2023, the company produced a new batch of new items, new devices, including 400,000 tons of abs, 380,000 tons of polyether per year, 27/600 tons of Po/sm per year, 100,000 tons of zirconium per year.
The annual production of 70,000 tons of nickel per year by combinary nickel is a shunt rubber installation, 60,000 tons of soluble polybutylene rubber per year, 300,000 tons of ethylene acetylene per year, 1,000 tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons per year on a trial basis, Insein Technology 250,000 tons of functional polyester film extension project, etc., with product coverage of engineering plastics, new energy sources, etc.
Material, synthetic rubber, functional polyester, etc. Industry chains. Looking ahead, the company has also continued to promote high end, high value added items, including the Sindar Stock Company Ltd., the Golden Pond New Materials Project, the petrochemical high performance resin project, etc.
The new chemical material performance contribution is to be expected.
Focus on shareholder returns and share long-term corporate development dividends. In 2023, corporate buybacks were 26.42 and dividends were shared with investors, and their long-term investment values were expected to be highlighted.
The \triangleright good company relies on the Great Refiner Chemical Platform to develop new chemical material operations, to superimpose the ZPs, and to maintain a "buy-in" rating for glory petrochemicals.
Risk factors: significant crude oil price shocks; under-achievement of new capacity building; contribution of new capacity \triangleright under-performance; high volatility in raw material prices; risk of excess refining capacity; downstream
The risk of slow recovery of product profits; the risk of significant additions to the petrochemical industry under the “carbon neutrality” policy; and the global economic recovery are not as high as expected. Toming left, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy Managing Director, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, China Geology and Mineral Economics Society
Member of the Board of Experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and conducted research and research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey Development, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice on hundreds of topics, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Scientific Society for the Environment of China ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific and Technical Committee on Carbon Sino-Carbon. He was an expert and assistant director of China ' s Institute of petrochemical Economics and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China ' s Energy Outlook 2060 book;
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the major energy sectors.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the stone industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.