On May 20, 20, 2022, the Xinhua Triad led the construction of Tob, Tog and Xinhua.
\triangleright’s \ct full-storage commercial city is officially on the line. \Sinhua 3nd step in the reform of its marketing system, sunk major market expansion initiatives
\triangleright 2022 fully optimized the domestic marketing system and set up a separate business bg, focusing on the local business market and services for small and medium-sized enterprises in the context of the digital transformation. We believe that this new Xinhua Three Business Town is officially on the line to market Xinhua Three.
The first edition of the 2022 edition of the Xinhua Triad (000938.sz) is a second step in the reform of the system and is an important response to the downfall of the district chief's end-user channel, which connects users, users and users.
2. Purple shares (000938.sz) annual report 2021 for full-process technical advisory services for 7 x 24 hours, which users and partners can respond quickly to their own needs
Review point: Performance meets expectations, dynamic operators + overseas adapters reduce intermediate processes. Market, overall share continues to rise
3. Utility shares (000938.sz) company stocktaking report: the traditional ict business model links are long and there is insufficient attention to small and medium-sized clients and partners \triangleright
In the traditional ict business model, the original plant needs to reach the end channel and end-user through an intermediate channel, with a return wind.
Miscellaneous, model unidirectionality, lack of access of end-users and lower-level channels to the original plant, on the one hand, there is no systematic UV shares (000938), on the other hand: the UV Group Reorganization Draft Guidance, which makes it difficult for SMEs to quickly complete the digital upgrading of their enterprises, and on the other hand, due to small and medium-sized customers and regions
By doing so, the risk of operating is expected to be clear 5. Purple shares (000938). The number and wide distribution of partners in the judicial reorganization of the Purple Group are also more difficult to directly cover and provide better quality services.
\triangleright \triangleright
Xinhua Three Business Town will shorten the traditional ict business links and create a direct interactive digital platform for users, partners and former plants. Through the City, small and medium-sized SME clients and small and medium-sized partners can directly connect to the original plant, procure products and digital solutions and receive professional technical guidance, and reduce communication processes.
Easy and fast access to products and services of the original plant quality. “People-to-people” on the product and solution side: Business Town can provide large, medium-sized, small, standard/high-performance-configuration set-up model selections and roll out programme proposals, quotations, trip charts, etc. for client reference; for those with technical skills
Xinhua Sanctuary Partner, the Xinhua City configuration function can help partners to expand their programs on a demand-driven basis to fully reach downmarkets on the side of service delivery: customers are free to choose the services of a network service provider, either directly from the original plant or individually from the original plant. Xinhua City's technical guest service team, Xinhua's technical expert team, landed in Xinhua.
The front-line teams of the municipalities of the 34 provinces and municipalities and more than 200 local municipalities formed a real-time front-line, under-line technical advice, programme design, site survey, prototype service delivery team to respond to each of the programme ' s needs and technical issues raised by clients in the city, bringing the programme closer to demand, humanizing the services and designing them for more value.
In addition, based on the Xinhua Three Service Centre, the Xinhua Three Business Towns centrally mobilized more than 400 Internet service providers to reach out to urban and rural areas in the county, providing 7 x 24-hour close services to clients.
Unlike traditional power suppliers, which provide hardware and software products, public cloud service models, Xinhua Three Business Town can also provide an ict site solution and carefully select high-quality products and services from a wide range of partners.
Xinhua Three Business Towns has integrated more than 50 scenes and more than 300 common solutions across government, education, health, business, etc., such as digital villages, smart education, smart medicine, smart parks, etc., to meet the needs of 100-way users. In addition, Xinhua Three Business Towns has built a one-stop service platform to provide users, partners, system delivery, technical services, technical support, etc.
Services such as financial services, knowledge empowerment, etc., are systematic and diversified, and complete a new upgrade of the ict service model. Investment proposal: Xinhua San, which previously focused on large customers in the industry, was less focused on business markets, and this year started a business bg, online \triangleright
Xinhua Three Business Town illustrates the firm’s determination to sunk the market, and we believe that Xinhua Three, as an ict leader with full product line capability at the “clomatic edges” , is expected to hit the commercial market with a downward blow. Against the backdrop of new capital developments throughout the year, especially the urbanization of the counties, business capital spending has fallen short of expectations, resulting in demand.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.