q1 achieved a total profit of 15,342 million yuan, an increase of 13.58 per cent in the same year; net profit of 372 million yuan, an increase of 35.26 per cent in the same year; net profit of 363 million yuan in the same year for non-retroactivity.
Purple shares (000938), performance against expectations, \triangleright \triangleright
According to the company announcement, in 2022, q1 operating income increased by the same year as the net return profit, with a significant increase in non-repatriation net profit by the same year and a faster increase in performance. 2022q1, the company ' s rapid growth in revenue from its infrastructure products and the continuation of digital solutions
At the same time, companies have increased their strategic investment in technology, increasing the integration of digital technologies with industry applications, continuously upgrading and improving products and solutions; optimizing domestic marketing systems, industrial and commercial synergies.
To overcome the adverse effects of the epidemic and actively push for contract delivery. The company’s deep-cut “Key-Cloud-Web-End” industrial chain, which promotes the implementation of the “Yunjio” strategy
And the newly upgraded “digital brain” is being applied, the overall harvest is increasing, the profitability is continuing, the competitiveness of the digital economy is increasing and growth is likely to take place in the future.
In the era, the hard-tech dragons broke out, the purple shares (000938.sz): Performance is what it looks like, and the digital economy is the age of ct.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The increase in the Māori rate is significant, profitability is gradually warming, percentage points, and there is room for further optimization of the Māori rate in the company as the market share of the company increases, the product structure is optimized, the overseas market expands, and self-research chips remain undisturbed.
The Xinhua Three Wisdom Enabling Digital Transformation has been upgraded to achieve rapid growth \triangleright \triangleright core subsidiary \triangleright \
q1 achieved business income of $10,472 million, an increase of 27.78 per cent; net profit of $659 million, an increase of the same year; Xinhua III focused on three main markets for domestic business, domestic operator business and international business in 21 years, of which domestic business grew rapidly, generating operating income of $36,258 million, an increase of 22.56 per cent; and the market position of domestic operators.
Business income has been rising steadily, reaching $6,415 million, an increase of 13.04 per cent in the same year and a rapid increase in the volume of goods delivered throughout the year. International industry has shown good growth, with operating income of $1,678 million, of which Xinhua ' s 3h3c brand products and services revenue reached $714 million, representing an increase of 48.81 per cent in the same year.
Domestic business: 18 industry digitized transformation solutions were highlighted, 31 industry standards were written in 6 industries, smart cities, digital urban tracks, smart hospitals, smart parks, digital media, and industrial Internet, smart mines, smart airports, smart water, smart emergencies, 5g rows were published every year
A number of forward-looking solutions, such as the margins of the industry, the digital transformation of technology-market-services-wide enablers, domestic operators: Xinhua San continued to break down in the field of operator gathering, core supplier status was stifling China, moving the first share of high-end routers and high-end exchange products from 2021 to 2022, and it was achieved.
The vbras router equipment was the first to break through the mobile collector project in China; a 20% share of the new block storage collection in China from 2021 to 2022 was obtained, and the first break was achieved on the Chinese mobile block storage type tender project; and the Chinese mobile network cloud pool, pc server collection and hardware firewall collection were the first to be awarded.
The top-end firewall and the middle-end firewall are two packages for the China Firewall Collection Project 2021. The top-ranked Chinese Telecom 2021 stn Equipment Construction Project and the China Telecommunication Core Route Exchange Facility Project are key projects; Xinhua has been involved in the construction of the China Network of 19 provinces and more than 100 local city smart city networks, moving seven provinces in China.
Xinhua and China's mobile network jointly won the Gansu provincial digital government project and helped the Government to construct the “12345+n” overall architecture.
The establishment of the Philippine subsidiary was completed at the beginning of the year, with 12 overseas affiliates. By the end of 2021, 830 of Xinhua’s certified overseas partners had established spare parts centres in 24 countries and territories, with service delivery covering 135 countries at a cost of $15,000, a loss of 43.55 per cent on the same basis.
Forty-three nodes have been built throughout the country, covering 22 provinces, including 8 self-built nodes, 11 joint nodes, 24 political clouds and exclusive cloud nodes.
\triangleright 2021, the core subsidiary, Purple Clouds, grew rapidly in cloud services, smart cities and industrial clouds: cloud services: successively, cloud service projects such as Chongqing Municipal Clouds, Gansu City Clouds and Beijing Political Clouds.
In the case of smart cities: in conjunction with the depths of Xinhua, Xinhua Clouds has been working on projects such as the City of Wisdom, the City of the Huaibin, the City of Wirtschaftsprüfer II, the City of Turing, the City of Sage Qing and the City of Huai An. In the case of the Industry Clouds, the focus is on industrial clouds, construction clouds, water clouds, etc., and the construction of integrated uniforms for platform + ecology + operation.
System, deep-farming industry applications, and building core Paas and saas capabilities. The Uttar Pradesh and Xinhua industrial Internet platform were selected for the study “Excellent Table Presents” of the Chinese Internet Industry Platform, the Quadrant of the Idc industrial Internet platform vendor assessment of the “Major Producers” Quadrant; and the Water Clouds in Water.
Governance, water quality monitoring systems, deep-farming of water information; construction of clouds in smart parks, smart sites, residential trusting, etc.: the 2021 project of the Shenyang Industrial Enterprise, the industrial cloud of the wisdom park in the Jiangjin region, the water cloud management project in the South Lake Basin, etc.
In 2021, the share of China ' s firm-level wlan market was 28.4 per cent, leading the market for 13 consecutive years; in China, the share of the market for the Tainet exchange was 35.2 per cent, ranking second; and in China, the share of China ' s network routers market was 30.8 per cent from the previous year.
Upgraded to 31.3 per cent and continued to rank second in the market: the market share of servers in China increased from 15.4 per cent in the previous year to 17.4 per cent in the second market; the market share of servers in China was 19.5 per cent in the non-x86, rising from the fourth jump in the previous year to the first; the market share of blade servers in China was 47.8 per cent, and the market share in China continued to be the largest in the union market; and the market share in the storage market was the first in China.
12.6% is second in the market; 9.0% in the market for safe hardware in China and second in the market; 20.5% in China ' s super-integration market in the three quarters of 2021, and the market share rises to first. In 2021, the company invested $4,881 billion in R & D, an increase of 14.15% over the same period, with an increasing share of research and development of ict technologies and solutions for rapid business development and the city.
\triangleright is a leading domestic \ct equipment company with a complete “coon-net-side-end-core” industry chain, which in recent years has been at the highest end of the operator's market.
The field and overseas markets continue to make breakthroughs, and we appreciate the competitive power and long-term development of companies in the digital economy era. It is expected that the public \triangleright cloud computing industry will not grow as expected; overseas operations will not develop as expected; and the debt restructuring of parent companies will not work as effectively as expected.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered cloud computing & idc products, and the Beijing University of Foreign Languages, with a master's degree in finance, 8th degree in English. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation's mri Research Centre, which was responsible for research on motor panels. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for communications & Internet research, covering such areas as industrial Internet/industrial software, smart network cars, cloud computing industry chains, and the Internet.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.