The Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) over-expected growth in non-net profits and continued improvement in the income structure
The net profit of the mother is $372 million, y/y35.26 per cent; the non-net profit is $363 million, y/y 162.54 per cent, to overcome the negative effects of the epidemic, and the performance of the subsidiary is steady and the subsidiary is visible. The company has overcome the negative external effects of the epidemic, and has actively promoted contract delivery, steady expansion of overseas markets, product sales earnings and overseas co-ops.
The number of partners has continued to increase. q1 Core income has grown rapidly, cloud and smart business has grown well, with a combined Māori ratio of 21.93% and y/y3.58pp, reflecting the continued optimization of the income structure.
The Chinese third q1 battalion received $10,472 million, y/y27.78 per cent; net profits of $659 million, y/y 171.43 per cent, mainly strategic supplies to deal with the tight supply of parts and the risk of price increases, while cash payments increased due to factors such as shareholder restructuring and bank letters.
Increased strategic input from the "Cunt Tsing" technology to enhance the integration of product innovation and industry applications. Xinhua-wide upgrading of smart connectivity strategy, with the official release of the "Cunt-A" ad-net6.0+, serving nine key innovations: full-light network, smart-free, deterministic network, arithmetic network, ipv6+, and so forth, serving parks, data.
The center, wide-area network landscape, and the innovation of applications in intelligent cities, digital governments, operators, and intelligent medicine. Continuously researching the ICC solution, introducing liquid cold components such as H3uniserver r4900lcg5, 42u general machine cabinets, distributed cdu, etc.
The industry chain “Cyce-Cym-Web-End” is fully configured and continues to benefit from the digital transformation of the industry. The company has accelerated the integration of the purple cloud and Xinhua-Shunhua operations, with the three main lines of “Cyco-genesis, Open Eco, Green Low Carbon”
The idea is to create a cloud of cloud sizes, a cloud of cloud sizes, a cloud of multiple, mixed clouds, edge clouds, and amphibious clouds. The company’s ict product lines are perfect, the industry’s clouds are deep, and it benefits from the digitalization process in the country.
Accelerating, total revenue is expected to sustain double-digit growth over the next three years. Increased competition in the industry; less than expected push of 5g; increased trade friction between the US and China; less than expected expansion of overseas markets; risk management; and the continued impact of the covid-19 epidemic on overseas demand.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment