q1 ' s performance over-expected Māori rate continues to rise - Purple shares (000938.sz) On 28 April 2022, the company released its first quarter report for 2022, achieving operating income of $15,342 million
Cao Xuant's performance grew more than we had expected, with a significant increase in non-net profit per quarter. The company's Māori ratio continued to rise. The q1 Māori rate was 21.93 per cent in 2022, an increase of 3.58 per cent in the same year.
The ratio of R & D costs to Zhang Jianyu was 7.46 per cent, an increase of 1.12 percentage points from the same date; companies increased the strategic input of “Yun Ji-hoon” technology and increased the integration of digital technologies with the depth of industry applications.
The company's three fees were well controlled and largely at the same level as last year's; at the same time, the company increased its strategic stock of q1 at $20.96 billion, an increase of 13.8 per cent over the end of last year, in line with business development needs; optimized the domestic marketing system and coordinated development of industry and commercial markets; and steadily expanded overseas markets.
The controlled subsidiary Xinhua has increased its revenue and profits by the same year, and the purple cloud is coming, with full momentum. In 2022, q1 Xinhua achieved business income of $10,472 million, an increase of 27.78%, compared to 27.78%.
With a profit of 659 million yuan, an increase of 33.06 per cent over the same period, Xinhua has sustained its dynamic operators and political and business markets, and Xinhua has continued to maintain its product competitiveness by launching the first 400g campus core exchange (h3c s10500x-g) and the global launch of the new entrepreneurship-level wi-fi7ap.
The purple cloud continues to build a core cloud platform and strengthens its ability to build cloud operations and services. Forty-three nodes have been built throughout the country, covering 22 provinces, and winning several smart city projects.
Seven enterprises, such as the Group, have entered the implementation phase of the restructuring. We believe that the debt problems of the Purple Group are likely to be resolved in the future, in the interest of smooth corporate growth.
JANG Jianyu, Master of Engineering, Beijing University of Science and Technology, who has been working in China and China for several years, has joined the Port-of-Hong Kong Stock Exchange in November 2021 as a research assistant. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
The investors should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and take their own investment risks.