\triangleright \triangleright 28/04/04/2022
Millions of yuan, a 13.58% increase in the same year, net return to the mother of $372 million, a 35.26% increase in the same year, net non-return to the mother of $363 million, a 162.54% increase in the same year, and higher profit growth than expected in the supermarket.
\triangleright first disclosed three-quarter performances of Xinhua, a core subsidiary with 22q1 Xinhua III earning $10,472 million, an increase of 27.78 per cent, a net profit of $659 million, an increase of 33.06 per cent, and a significant increase of q1 in the first quarter.
Sooner than the 21st year (20:52%/net profit + 22.24%) we believe that it is primarily a reflection of downstream demands for continued good and better competition patterns in the ict market. 22q1 purple digitally contracted to become the main distributor of technology for the maintenance of the technology, which will carry out the maintenance technology rack, rackpdu system.
The distribution of listed products, 21 years of purple digital banking and corporate letters of credit affected by the Group’s debt problems, with some declines in performance, and the gradual decline in the Group’s debt problems, we believe that its 22-year harvest is expected to pick up again.
Motivated by the Xinhua Māori rise, it includes: 1) Xinhua ' s Xinhua 3-high Māori rate net product collection ratio; 2) 21 years of full series of product price increases have been gradually reflected; and structural changes in UV digital distribution operations have also increased market expansion and R & D investment, and cost structures have been further optimized
At the end of sales, in 2022, Xinhua III fully optimized the domestic marketing system, set up industry bg and business bg, targeting different market strategies for target customers, while exploring new marketing models with Internet thinking, creating one-stop ict sales and service online platforms for political and corporate customers - Xinhua Three Business Towns — and expanding overseas markets
At the research and development end, the company increased its strategic input into the “Yun Ji-hoon” strategy, which was launched on 7 April 22, respectively, with the global launch of the new wi-fi7ap items, wa7638 and wa7338, and on 12 April, with the annual report of the purple light stock (000938.sz) 2021.
The first 400g park core switch (h3cs10500x-g), based on idc data, Xinhua has rated Xinhua as following expectations, with 48.4 per cent of dynamic operators + overseas occupying the top position in China ' s 200g/400g exchange market and continuing to run the Chinese market.
The market, the overall share continues to rise, and companies focus on efficiency gains. Corporate 22q1 sales/management/research and development costs are set at the bottom of the digital economy.
Investment Recommendations: Keeping in view the rising share of the corporate sector + the ongoing breakthroughs in operators/Overseas markets while looking forward to the wind \triangleright
Utility shares (000938); Utility group reorganization draft adopted, operational risks expected to clear 4. Purple group (000938), judicial reorganization of Utility group
Multiply. Maintain the Recommended Ratings. Landing, operating risks are fully active at the end of the net.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.