Utility shares (000938.sz) show good performance in the quarter, with high Māori products growing faster than profitability, increasing faster than previously expected in the quarter.The company collected 153 in the first quarter of 2022.
Billion yuan, +13.58 per cent; net profit of $372 million, +35.3 per cent, net profit of $363 million, net profit of $660 million, +33 per cent. Benefiting from product structural optimization and downside efficiency gains, the Māori rate rises at the same level as the ring.
The company’s high Māori network product is growing at a higher rate, leading to a further improvement in the overall Māori ratio of the company, and the acceleration of the digital economy and East and West Counts during the season, with a positive trend expected throughout the year.
China's 2021 computing network is projected to spend 48 billion yuan on capital, compared to 47.4 billion yuan (an increase of 1.7 billion yuan over the same period) and 30.7 billion yuan (an increase of 5 billion yuan over 20 years); and 27.9 billion yuan (a comparison) on digitizing the telecommunications industry in China.
The park network has been upgraded from 25g to 100g, leading to higher bandwidth upgrades and replacements of network equipment products, and new + replacements, which boost demand. Development driven by accelerated digital transformations, the entire government has increased its demand for comprehensive solutions to digital transformations, such as cloudnets.
By focusing on core products and high-tech value-added solutions, companies have further transformed into integrated solutions providers and continuously increased their value. 1) Market coverage of network products has continued to rise (2021, companies in China).
For 13 years in a row, the industry-level wlan was the first market in the union; in China, the Ethernet exchange was the second market; and in China, the share of the Chinese enterprise network router market was raised from 30.8 per cent to 31.3 per cent in the previous year.
The trend is expected to continue; 2) In-depth involvement of companies in the digital transformation of industries such as smart cities, medical traffic media Designed to promote the digital transformation of enterprises with specialized capabilities, with a good increase in new orders; Third Quarterly Financial Reporting Review of Purple Shares - 000938-21: Three Quarters of Profitability Change
3) Companies maintain high growth rates of their own products in overseas markets, thus further opening up the growth path of globalization; The Biannual Review of Purple Shares - 000938-21: Collections are largely in line with expectations.
Purple shares - 000938 - In-depth report: full-store ict composite provider, multi-wheel drive. Purple shares - 000938 - Critical Events Rapid Review: Concession of Equity, Good Long-term Development Investment Recommendations: Maintenance of Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of Buy-in Ratings.
Programmatic capacity, with the current valuation having a high value for money, maintains a “buy-in” rating. A faster growth in the first quarter of the year was achieved than previously anticipated. Companies received $15.3 billion in real revenue in the first quarter of 2022, i.e. + 13.58 per cent, net profit of $372 million, i.e. +35.3 per cent, net profit of $363 million (+162 per cent).
Of this, Xinhua has achieved a revenue of $10,472 million, or 28 per cent, and a net profit of $660 million, or +33 per cent.
Cloud and ict operations performed well, continuing to break through operators and overseas markets. In 2021, corporate ict operations continued to operate, maintaining a good overall growth trend, generating $41.3 billion, or 25 per cent, of the annual revenue from ict operations, and $30.9 billion (+1.1 per cent, year-on-year) in the distribution industry.
\triangleright achieved operating income of $1.678 billion, of which \triangleright ' s 3h3c brand products and services revenue amounted to $714 million, an increase of 48.81 per cent over the same period, achieving a high rate of growth.
Figure 5: The rate of revenue and growth of different products of the UV shares (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 6: The Māori rate of different products of the UV shares (in thousands, per cent) benefits from product structural optimization and reduced efficiency gains, and the Māori rate rises by the same ring ratio.
The higher rate of growth in the high Māori network product led to a further improvement in the overall Māori rate of the company, with a combined rate of 21.93 per cent for the quarter (a 3.58 pt over the same period, a 2.95 pt over the same period). Figure 9: Māori ratio of purple shares, changes in net interest rates
Figure 10: Changes in the three cost ratios of the purple shares The digital economy and the East West are accelerating, with a positive trend in procurement expected throughout the year. It is clear that, benefiting from the driving forces of the digital economy and the official start of the East and West Count project, the capital expenditure of the operator as a whole is tilting towards the cloud.
In contrast to the projected capital expenditure of 48 billion yuan for China ' s mobile computing network in 2021, the transfer network capital was set aside by 47.4 billion yuan (an increase of 1.7 billion yuan over the same period), the operational support network capital expenditure was 30.7 billion yuan (an increase of 5 billion yuan over the 20-year period), and the digitized expenditure of China ' s telecommunications industry was 27.9 billion yuan (an increase of 10.6 billion yuan over the same period).
The network is moving from 25g to 100g, leading to higher bandwidth upgrades and replacements of network equipment products, with new + replacements boosting demand. With digital transformation accelerating development, the entire government has increased demand for integrated solutions for transformation, such as cloudnets.
Reconfirming the company’s recommended logic of building capacity for digitally integrated solutions that contribute fully to the transformation of the digital economy. With traditional advantaged ict products and high-tech value-added solutions, the company moves further toward integrated resolution programs providers, increasing value.
In China, the Ethernet exchange is ranked second in the market; in China, the share of the Internet router market rose from 30.8 per cent to 31.3 per cent in the previous year, and the trend is expected to continue with the prior logical validation; and 2) companies are deeply involved in the design of digital transformation programmes in such industries as smart cities, medical traffic media, etc.
To drive the digital transformation of firms, new orders have grown well; 3) firms maintain high growth rates of their own products in overseas markets, further opening up the growth path of globalization; and (4) firms actively promote internal efficiency gains, cost controls, and continued growth in profitability.
The current uncertainty at the company shareholder level has been further eliminated, with long-term recognition of the company's combined solutions capacity for the social digital transformation, with the current valuation having a high value for money and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject