The nation's gold, the ecurities, is expected to be the second point of growth.
China has become the world's second largest exporter of automobiles and new energy vehicle exports. Under the double pressure of the impact of the epidemic and the global industrial chain, the market for our new energy vehicles has turned upside down.
In January-October of this year, we exported a total of 2,456,000 vehicles, 54.1 per cent of which consisted of 1.97 million by car and 499,000 new energy vehicles, or more than 96.7 per cent, affected by consumer habits, differentiated tax rates among countries, and product competitiveness, mainly in developed countries and regions such as Europe and the Americas.
Toyota, for example, in July 2022, overseas, 1. "Scalming effect: net profit per vehicle of nearly 10,000 innovations: 87% in sales and 68.5% in production.
In developing countries, such as China, spare parts are used as a prelude to the production of the whole vehicle. In the face of the scale effect, performance is high - the current tariff system of differentiated rates across countries, differentiated rates of whole cars and spare parts, and national product plates.
By way of a third quarter performance forecast for Biadi, developed countries are expected to account for 30-40 per cent of the global share of domestic automobiles in the future, mainly home-grown, direct exports, local production for developing countries, and imports of core parts and components.
Commercial cars create brand images and use vehicles. 4. "The brand brings up the volume price, the smart stick, to follow.
2022.01-10 cumulatively exported 31906 vehicles by car. At prices, Han, Don and Atto3 sold 498,000/263,000 yuan in Germany, which is higher than domestic prices. The company announced its participation in the Paris Car Fair in October, working with well-known distributors in Europe, which is expected to focus on exports in the European region, while the European market for electric cars is now competing.
It is not enough, mainly with the help of ethla and the general public, with the main vehicle-type prices concentrated in RMB 140,000 to 350,000, while Biadi’s domestic prices were concentrated in RMB 100,000 to 280,000, with a stronger product.
More than 340 sales outlets under the banner of dealers are expected to export 150,000 + in Europe in 23 years, accounting for half of the exports, with the introduction of a multi-car model in the company ' s new energy vehicle in 2022, with a sharp increase in the volume of sales, leading to greater competition in the entire industry for company performance; fluctuations in the price of raw materials; less than anticipated sales of electric vehicles; and exchange rate fluctuations.
1. China ' s car export opportunities as a result of the chip crisis 1.1 China ' s overall vehicle export trend  China ' s vehicle export market has shown relatively strong performance since 2017. China ' s vapours in 2018 and 2019
There was a positive growth of 6% in vehicle exports and a 13% decline in automobile exports in 2020. In 2021, the market sold 2,138,000, an increase of 102% over the previous year, with China exporting 588,000 new energy vehicles, and China’s car export opportunities as a result of the chip crisis.
The advantage is further magnified by the impact of the overseas epidemic, especially since chip shortages have been very profitable for Chinese automobile exports, which have resulted in China’s own brand of cars being super-exported. The performance of China’s new energy car market is still bright.
In September, China exported 250,000 vehicles by car, an increase of 85 per cent compared to 18.4 per cent; cumulatively, in January-September 2022, China took the bus.
A total of 1.59 million vehicles were exported on the market, of which 35,59,000 were exported by new sources of energy, representing 22.4 per cent of the total number of passenger vehicles. 1.2 Tesla was the leader, with an increase in the export of new energy vehicles in the head.
In the first half of this year, Titsla's Shanghai Super Plant was able to export a total of 97.2 million vehicles, accounting for 48% of the country's total new energy exports, an increase of 132.66% over the same year. The main exports were to developed countries such as Europe, Australia, Japan, Singapore, and especially Australia, where the resonance of the new lines was very hot.
This is followed by the upper-mortality group, which exports 29.5 million vehicles, and Titusla's entry into the overseas market is mainly in the form of concessions and investment plants. Currently, the Tess family, 141 in Europe, and 231 service centres, including 89 in the United States and 37 in China.
75 in Europe. In terms of investment plants, Tesla now has four major supershops and one major car factory around the world, supporting the continued expansion of solar power storage operations from battery production to full-carrying, from electric vehicle manufacturing to solar power storage.
Tesla’s main export to China and the European region. Tesla’s priority was to focus on the mainland and then spread to Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, selling 522H1Tsra’s 52.27 million vehicles, of which Model3, the highest-selling model in China, is gradually being pushed to the global market.
In terms of export prices, there is a marked difference. In the case of Model3, the lowest price is in the United States, followed by South Korea, where the highest price is in Europe.
The period 2018-2021 saw a gradual recovery in exports, mainly from Africa and Europe. The recent growth in European markets has been remarkable, with a continued sharp upward trend in North American exports over the previous two years, with a recent decline, while the performance of Africa and South America has recovered slightly.
▪ In terms of export structure, Western European markets account for 34% of China’s exports of new energy vehicles, South-East Asia for 16%, and Belgium for the largest number of new energy vehicles imported from China. The difference is that fuel-car exports are dominated by Asia and Africa, and developed countries and regions like Western Europe become new energy vehicles.
The main reasons for the different export structures are the following: first, the habit of using electric vehicles, which are now more mature for consumers in Europe and the United States; second, the relatively low tariffs in the European and American markets, combined with the cost advantages of the local supply chain, which have a strong price advantage for exporting vehicles; and third, the current excess of electric vehicles over product power.
1.4 Automotive export policy overseas * In terms of import tariffs, at the national level, tariffs are lower in developed countries such as Japan and Germany, and zero import rates are applied in Japan, while those in other developed countries are almost below 10 per cent; China, Brazil, etc.
National tariffs are high, at over 10 per cent, and in the case of spare parts and the vehicle as a whole, the rates for core spare parts are lower than the rates for the whole car import, for example, 15 per cent for the entire car import and about 6 per cent for spare parts, so that, overall, we have the front line.
Direct exports to developed countries are mainly based on home-grown production, owing to low tariffs in developed countries, and local production and import patterns of core parts and components are used for large developing countries.
2.1 Toyota, the Japanese car company began the overseas layout of the Japanese automobile industry at the beginning of the twentieth century, with the idea of introducing and imitating it. In 1904, the first car factory in Japan, the Tokyo Automotive Factory, was established.
Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Mitsubishi, etc. have been entering our market. The oil prices caused by the oil crisis have been rising, and the US car market, which is dominated by large-volume cars, has created opportunities for Japanese cars, with a total of 11.4 million cars produced in Japan in 1980, which is closer to the United States as the world’s largest car producer.
Japan’s overseas construction of the automobile industry has followed the sequence of exports followed by investment, and has maintained a coordinated approach to overseas development. Japan, through OFDI, has established a share of its automobiles abroad.
The Toyota Group, a well-known Japanese car brand, was produced overseas by Toyota cars from the early 1960’s to the mid-1980’s, mainly in assembly production in developing countries, with major producers including Kenya, Kenya and the United States of America.
South Africa, Indonesia, Thailand, etc., have largely avoided high tariffs on whole-car imports, expanding sales. After the mid-1980’s, Japan and the US experienced trade friction, and the Square Accord has raised the yen exchange rate, and to avoid risk, Toyota began to produce cars in developed countries like North America and Europe.
In the 1990s, Toyota component suppliers were mobilized to invest in toyota plants in China, and it was initially determined that suppliers such as electronic parts, clutches, chairs, etc., were to be set up. After the basic framework of the spare parts supply system was established, preparations were made for the production of the whole vehicle. In 2003, a Toyota vehicle was established and Toyota was acquired.
China’s production and marketing platform has created a framework for the production of all-line Toyota brands in China. Currently, Japan’s brand sales share is more than 90%, and the top five car sales in 2021 are Japanese brands, with Toyota’s best sales, at 47.42%, and the top five sales, at 47.42%.
88.02 per cent, with strong competition. Figure 12: Share of vehicle sales in the Japanese market, 2004-2021. Figure 13: Competition patterns in the Japanese automobile market, 2021
21.4 per cent of the year was exported mainly to the United States, China, Indonesia, etc., to China, which accounted for 797,000 Toyota vehicles worldwide in July 2022, of which 104,000 were sold locally in Japan and 693,000 in overseas markets; 707,000 were exported globally, including within Japan.
Production of 222,000 vehicles, a 28.2 per cent decrease over the same period, and foreign production of 485,000 vehicles, a 4.5 per cent increase over the same period, show that Toyota cars are concentrated in overseas markets, both at the end of production and at the end of consumption.
2.2 Home market saturation, increased overseas exports of Korean automobiles ▪ In 1944, Kea Motors began car production: in the 1970s, the Korean government began a policy of “domesticization of automobiles” and began a massive introduction of foreign production technology; in the 1980s, it began a process of export production.
In the 1990’s, the country’s automobile industry established production bases in Europe and America, Asia, etc., to localize production; and in the twenty-first century, South Korea’s car companies continued to grow steadily.
The plan, which requires modern and Daewoo masters to attack cars, Keia and East Asia master to attack fire trucks and trucks of less than 5 tons, is to attack jeeps and require car manufacturers to proceed according to the characteristics required by the international car market for cars, with the Republic of Korea ' s car exports accounting for 50 per cent by 1986.
▪ In terms of export areas, inter alia, inter-Korean cars were first exported to the Middle East and South America, and by the mid-1980s, from trade friction in Japan to North America, etc.; in the mid- and late 1990s, Korean cars established production bases in Western Europe, the Americas, Eastern Europe, Asia, Oceania, and localized production.
On this basis, overseas production systems and global marketing networks have been established. ▪ The competitive pattern of Korean automobile companies: South Korea’s share of local brands in the automobile market has generally declined, from 97.64% in 2004 to 80.48% in 2021, but the overall share has been larger, at 80%.
In the South Korean automobile market, led by the Modern-Keia Group, sales in 2021 accounted for 73.88 per cent, followed by the BMW Group in Germany, with the top five companies accounting for 89.73 per cent of sales, with a higher concentration.  In South Korea, with the modern-Keia Group as an example, Korean cars accounted for 30.95 per cent of sales in 2004.
In recent years, India's exports have increased over the years, and with the development of India's car market, exports are expected to decrease in Japan and Korea's share in the country, owing to the small domestic car market, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, the low domestic market for cars, on the other.
According to data published by the Ministry of National Land, Infrastructure and Transport of Korea, the total population of the Republic of Korea was 52 million by the end of March 2022, and the number of cars registered was 25.7 million, an increase of 2.12% over the previous year, which means an average increase of 2.12%.
One of the two Koreans owns a car, the domestic market is saturated, the local brand needs to grow from the history of Japan and Korea, and the future development of international markets depends on the volume of direct exports, on the one hand, and the construction of brand international factories, on the other.
The export trade model has evolved into an overseas plant, local purchase of parts and components, and local marketing, to some extent achieving the goal of deep localization of the strategic market. The Japanese market was announced on 21st, where the dollar plus, dolphins, and seals will be sold in Japan; September and September.
Thailand’s wha Weihua Group Mass Limited signed a contract to formally sign a land offer, build a factory agreement, and fully invested in the establishment of Thailand’s first overseas car factory.3 Overseas exports are expected to become the second largest growth point.
3.1 Commercial cars are branded, and they are driven by cars to remove the entire export, and Biadi has opted to assemble and build its own plants overseas, which now have six plants overseas.
The announcement of the establishment of its second electric car factory in Europe in the northern part of France’s city of Bowe. Together with previous factories such as Japan, the United States, Brazil, and others, the Chinese brand of high-end new energy vehicles that have been introduced into foreign markets is a bright light.
▪ Previously, major export buses, vans, and other commercial vehicles, as overseas slogans and consumption bases accumulated, focused on the car market. On July 21, Biadi announced official entry into the Japanese car market, with the first models to be sold on the Japanese market in January 2023; on August 1, Biadi announced a partnership.
Hedinmobility works together to access European markets such as Sweden, Germany, etc.; on 8 September, Biadi Motors Thailand Ltd. signed a contract with Wha Weihua Group Mass Limited to formally sign an agreement on land purchase and plant construction. This marks the first overseas car factory that Biadi has invested its entire capital to be officially located in Thailand.
At the beginning of September, the first atto3 arrived in Australia early in Australia. At the same time, companies adopted different investment strategies in different regions to fill them up.
Given local consumption preferences and competitive advantages, such as a pure electric car with right-wing e-platform 3.0 technology in Australia, Japan, etc., Euro-American markets tend to give priority to the sale of mature Han Don.
Exports have increased on a monthly basis, cumulatively 31906 vehicles have been exported this year, and subsequent exports are expected to continue to grow as the company ' s overseas deployments progresses.
3.2 Regional patterns of competition in exports — On 27 July, Biadi announced that he would participate in the Paris Car Fair in October of this year, with new energy-car-based product tectonics in Europe, and that it was expected to be sold and delivered in Europe in the fourth quarter of this year.
The European electric vehicle market is currently not competitive enough: Europe, as the home base of the global automobile market, has been the focus of the car. The new energy engine in Western Europe has a high penetration rate, with the electric brands of the car being Téla, BMW, Mercedes, and the first three are sold as motory,
The price belt of the European main-marketed car is currently in the range of 20 to 60,000 euros (15w to 450,000 yuan), while the price belt of Biadi is in the range of 1.5 to 40,000 euros (10.5w to 280,000 yuan).
The price advantage is high. Teslamodely+model sells 15,000 in March, popular id4, id3, and Skodaenyaqiv sells a total of 11,000 a month. Biadi ' s Europlus (atto3), seals, Don and Hanev are expected to sell a total of 1-15,000 a month.
The company ' s main competitiveness lies in its purely electric vehicle extension mileage advantage, with Donev in Norway exporting more than 600 km of continuous voyage miles and a better price for the company ' s vehicle type compared to Tesla, where the company sells dm-i plugs to the Latin American region.
Automobiles, which are relatively dynamic and less energy-consuming than local European cars. 3.3 High-market positioning of overseas products, hot orders, export prices for Biadi’s cars, for example, are generally higher than domestic market prices.
According to the model, the domestic sale price is $21,48-308,000, while the average price in Russia is over $500,000, of which the cost of the four top models is $600,000, the price in Norway is 35-440,000 yuan, and the price in Germany is $498,500. Biadi's overseas pricing strategy is in line with other domestic brands.
This year, in the face of global economic change, Biadi has covered all the costs of the previous overseas teams and their front lines, with its former electronic buses abroad, distributors, and after-sales networks.
Even if Biadi sells abroad at a higher price than the domestic market, overseas sales still make good results. For example, Biadedonev, which sells to Norway, is already at the top of the local monthly sales list two months after being listed on the market;
Atto models exported to New Zealand have been sold out. On the one hand, the cost of sales has increased as a result of higher tariffs and freight costs abroad, and on the other hand, because of the 3.4 export opportunities and challenges associated with Biadi product technology.
In keeping with Japan’s national policy, it takes over the pure electricity market. Even though Japan’s local brands have a market share of 80% or more, Japan’s local brands currently sell more fuel-based cars, and Japan’s leading car in mixed, hydrogen-fueled cars, but less electric, battery-poor, less chip-free than Yadi can capture.
On the other hand, Japan’s government has promoted carbon neutrality and targets, and the new energy market environment has helped to reduce Biadi’s resistance to entering the Japanese market. The lack of brands in Norway’s mainland has facilitated the entry of foreign brands; and, on the other hand, move.
The U.S. government called for a ban on the sale of fuel trucks in 2025, indicating that new energy vehicles still have potential in the Norwegian market, and that sales are expected to increase further with the Biadehantan series exporting to Norway. The penetration rate is low, and the market is still wide.
The energy car market penetration rate of 7.9%, compared to Japan’s penetration rate of only about 1%, indicates that the company’s exporters have insufficient coverage of new energy vehicles and still have a large market space. Japan’s local brand is high, and Tesla is cutting off the market. On the one hand, Japan’s local brand.
There is uncertainty as to how Biadi, as a foreign brand, can quickly access Japanese consumers; on the other hand, Tesla entered Japanese and Korean markets earlier than Yaddi. In 2021, Tesla accounted for more than 30 per cent of the sales of less than 20,000 electric cars in Japan.
Biadi's desire to take advantage of the foreign market for new energy cars is first to face Tesla's challenges and threats. Tesla, as a leading company in the new energy car market, has a higher average car price and a better product than the current deployment of new overseas energy vehicles, which is slower than the pace of domestic car crashes.
Longer window left for Biadi's overseas exports. 3.5 Future exports forecast: New energy vehicles in Europe are expected to grow from 21 years in terms of the growth of the new energy vehicle market in various countries and regions.
220w grew to 255w in 23 years, with the share of pure electric vehicles increasing year by year; the market for new energy vehicles in the United States is growing rapidly, and is expected to reach 900w in 23 years, with electricity of 650w. ▪ In terms of future exports, the company worked with the leading Nordic distributor, rsa, in August 2021;
More than 40 distributors and a well-developed after-sales service network have been established throughout the country to provide local terminal consumers with integrated services such as markets, sales, after-sales and the supply of spare parts. In August 2022, companies cumulatively exported 182 vehicles.
Chart 31: Biadi, rsa and the owner of the car Chart 32: Biadi contracted with Louwmangroup  July 2022, the company entered into a partnership with the Dutch distributor Louwmangroup to use the platform online
As a seasoned dealer, the agency currently has 14 brands, including Toyota, Lexus and Mercedes, labels, and 70 retail networks.
Dot, Louwman has a very high degree of recognition and reputation in the Dutch car market, and its vast localized resources and high-quality platforms have helped Biadi ' s car get into the local market quickly and brand it  August 2022, the company chose the European distributor, Hedinmobilitygroup, to sell it in Sweden and Germany.
As one of the largest distribution groups in Europe, the Hedinmobility Group has excellent localized resources and mature distribution systems, with more than 230 outlets under its banner, covering eight countries and territories in Europe, including Sweden and Germany. The Biadi and Hedinmobility Group
On 4 October, Biadi signed a long-term agreement with the car leasing company Sixt on the European market. According to the agreement, the first thousands of pure electric Biadi vehicles will be handed over to Sixt in the fourth quarter of 2022.
In the next six years, Sixt is expected to add to this initial order by purchasing an additional 100,000 Biadi electric cars. Europe sells 15,000 vehicles a month, or 180,000 a year, or 60% of exports. Europe sells 30,000 vehicles a month in 24 years.
More than 340 sales outlets, under the umbrella of the three major distributors working with Europe, are expected to increase their sales in the European region at a very rapid rate. Delivery began in Australia in the course of the year, and according to Biadi's Australian distributor, the company is now operating.
Thousands of vehicles, 40-50 thousand a year. Seven to eight thousand a month for 24 years and about 80,000 a year for 24 years.
Prices of raw materials fluctuate. The cost of battery raw materials rises and there is a risk that sales of electric vehicles, the profits of the entire plant, may not be as high as expected.
▪ Exchange rate fluctuations. Companies are actively engaged in overseas clients, with a 30% share of overseas income, and exchange rate fluctuations are likely to result in an analysis of the relevant reporting rating ratios in the market, which is then calculated on average to arrive at the final rating as the average market investment.