Biyadibyd (002594ch) Qing Dynasty marches to Europe, dynastyserysenteredeurope, andbydosheredinahistoribportunityofgoingglobal
Barneyyao oscarwang, hot speed review flashanalysis.
On September 28, Biadi held a conference on the European Line for new energy vehicles, where officials announced the first new energy vehicle model and pre-sale prices for the European market. The first amount was RMB 10,000, while the German price of the dollar plus was set at Euro38,000 (equivalent to RMB264,000). The company expected the three models to be in October of this year.
The company plans to further expand the New Energy Car Markets in Britain and France by the end of this year. For the first time in a series of kings marching to Europe, the price is priced to show the company’s technical and brand confidence.
The company's deep-farming pure power technology for many years, the launch of e-platform 3.0 in 2021, further integration of core parts, the platforming of the entire car structure, and significant upgrading of the smart power, smart car control, smart cabin, and smart driving city. Currently, company platform 3.0 has been widely recognized in the domestic market, with pure electric vehicle-type sales rising while more Mercedes, Toyota, etc.
When international smart travelers such as Oem giants and droplets work with Biadi to develop an electric vehicle based on platform 3.0, reflecting the company ' s overall dominance in intelligence, efficiency, safety, aesthetics in pure electricity technology; in core battery technology, corporate power cell development and sales under the flag of Fodie, self-research, blade cell performance, energy density and safety are overall ahead of traditional phosphate lithium batteries, the power cell load was 30.3gwhh in the first July of this year.
China’s automobile exports surged, and Europe’s market became a new engine of growth. In 2022, China’s automobile exports grew strongly, and according to China’s Air Association statistics, China in August.
According to Marklines, the cumulative export of 1,187,000 vehicles in January-August this year increased by 53%, and the share of exports in domestic car exports rose to 10.8%, while the share of cars in exports stabilized at 80%, which was the main driver of export growth. Pure electric cars led the growth of new energy exports, January-August 2022.
With 340,000 vehicles exported, an increase of 97.4% over the same period, and a relatively high level of acceptance of new energy vehicles in the European market, European governments have been active in supporting new energy vehicles, and large subsidies have been enacted to promote a significant increase in the share of new energy vehicles in Europe. According to Pacific automobile data, the top seven countries in Europe for automobile consumption include Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Norway, Italy, the Netherlands, and Spain, with more than 15% penetration of new energy vehicles in 2021, including Norway.
Germany (26%), the Netherlands (21%), the United Kingdom (20%), France (19%). We believe that Biadi has great advantages in product R & D, quality certification, and industrial chain layout such as power cells, and is expected to benefit significantly from new opportunities in the era of automobile exports.
By the time Biadei was declared in Norway in 2021, its European operations covered new energy fields such as solar energy, storage energy, electric buses, trucks and forklifts, of which Biadi's pure electric buses had a 20% share in the European market by the end of 2021, ranking first. Byadi chose the new energy vehicle in August 2021, with the highest penetration rate in Norway as the European pilot. According to Marklines, 1,066 Biadedons were delivered in Norway throughout the year 2021.
In August, 1,332 Biadets were delivered, ranking Norway’s tenth in the single nev class, the only Chinese brand in the top ten. In July of this year, Bia De took the car to the sea and accelerated further, with officials marching to the Netherlands and Japan in July, to Germany, Sweden, Israel, Thailand, and Cambodia in August, and to the Jordanian market in September.
Raw materials, such as power batteries, are at higher risk than expected, new energy cars are at less than expected, and macroeconomic downside risks in Europe.
3) ...thegermanpre-salepricesofbothbydhanandtangare 72,000euros (equivalenttorm500,000), whilethegermanpre-salepriceofyuanplaus 38,000euros (equivalenttorm264,000). The companyexpecthatthesethremodelswillbeiled and launchedattheparismotshowinotobuthyasalandwillsimultonyoulykickoffthedeliveryo fvehicleseverinsalalal
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like it's a good idea, but it's a good idea, but it's a good idea, and it's a good idea.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's powerbatteryr and dandsalesrelyonitsbranchcompany, findreamsbatety,whoseself-developedbladebetterygoesaheadofthetradellithiumironphosphetebatteryin performance, and alsofetty.injantuary-july 2022, byd's powerbattyinstatedcapacitationrealreached30.3gwhh, 20.5%
Yoy, marketshareof 12.6%, rankedthirthirtheordofcatlandlgchem.intermsofthendustrychain, the companythe onlyethinthorthorthasmasteredigbchips, coretechnologiesoficentreindustrychain, treeekeytechnologiesofev, solarenergy, andergenergystoragesolutions.
Chena's automobileexportssurged, andeuropeanmarketbecomesanewgrovethdriver.accordingtocaamstatistics, china's automobileexportsgrewströnglyin 2022, reachingarecordhighof308,000vehiclesinagust, +65%oy, surpassingjapanfor the firstmetobecometheworld'stopautomobileexporter.themarklinesstatistsaloshowthatatastalof 1.817mnvecles
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
15% in 2021wasnorway (89%),germany (26%), thenetherlands (21%), theuk (20%), and france (19%), reactively.webliebydhasconfedableadvantagesinprodudualdevelopment, QualityVerification, and layoutofthetepperpottydustrychain.weexpectthecompanytobenefitsignificantffrommetheopportunitiesintheera
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm just...
Earlyias 1998.beforebypassengercarnountechiditsentrynorway, company'seuropeanoperationalready overed newenergyareassuchaslarenergy, ergystoreage, electricuses, trucks,andforklifts,withbyd'pureelectricusesalreadyrankingfirstwitha 20% markeshareineopebyendof2021.inaugust2021, bydchosenorway, acornwiththehighest
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Accelerated, with theofficialannouncementtoenter thenetherlandsandjapaninjuly, germany, sweden, irael, hailand, and capbodiainaust, and jordaninseptember.weareoptisisticofbyd'ssubsequentrapidexpansionintheeuropeanpassenger carmarket, wiichissexedtobecomethefirsttopforitsglobalexpansion.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.