Biadebyd (002594ch) q3 profits are far more than expected, and the scale effect gives them elasticity
q3 is far more profitable than expected, and performance has risen again to record highs. Biadi predicts, 2022.
In the first three quarters, a net profit of $9.1 billion to $9.5 billion, an increase of 27.248 per cent over the previous three quarters, continued to accelerate in the new energy automobile industry in the face of multiple adverse factors such as the complex economic situation, recurrent outbreaks, extreme temperatures and high prices for commodities.
All right. The Group ' s new energy vehicle sales have remained strong, with 119.96 per 1,185,000 vehicles sold in the previous three quarters, continuing to record high levels, leading and increasing market ownership, promoting substantial improvements in profitability and effectively matching up-front prices of raw materials.
The demand for cellular components and assembly, consumer electronics, is weak, and the group has improved profitability by strengthening cost controls and restructuring products. With q4 on seals, Dondm-p, frigate 05, etc.
With new cars like frigates 07 and turbod9 officially on the market, we predict that the company will sell more than 1.8 million new vehicles in 2022, an increase of nearly 150%. With the three major cars glittering out of the sea, the overseas market is expected to generate new growth.
Power. On October 17, Beardy, Han, Yuan Plus (foreign name: atto 3), with the participation of Global Strategic Partnership Shell, launched a joint announcement that it would provide a higher-quality charger to Biadi's European car owners.
Prior to this, on 28 September, the company held an online announcement that the above three-car models would enter the European market, opening up several European countries such as Germany, Norway, Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden and others.
Also, according to the FIA, Biadey displayed its Sea Sea SEAL model on the first day of the Paris Car Fair and indicated that it was considering exporting seals to Europe next year, and the Dolphin model was also under export consideration. On October 4, the company and Germany were also in the air.
Car lease company Sixt signed a cooperation agreement to purchase at least 100,000 new energy vehicles from Biadet over the next six years, including this new rollout of the dollar plus, and the first order of thousands of electric vehicles is expected to be delivered in q4 this year and will be put into service in the next few weeks.
The first phase of the cooperative market includes Germany, the United Kingdom, France, and the Netherlands. The partners will also work together to drive the electric transformation of the global car rental market.
Value method, based on comparative company valuations, gives cars/mobile phones/cells/semiconductors 2023, respectively, and the new energy automobile industry is less favourable than expected.
Oscarwang