The company reviews the computer industry, the strong union, and the financial industry is on the verge of a qualitative breakthrough.
Aliyun, the Hensen Electronic Union, has released a cloud solution in the financial field of newsclud, which will open the era of “on the cloud” with Aryan, financial institutions, and cloud ecological partners in the future.
1. The unique nature of the information needs of the financial sector makes it difficult for the financial sector to directly apply the technology of Yunwon.
The aim of this collaboration is to integrate the core technological capabilities of Ariun and the business of Helium Electronics for more than 20 years in the financial sector, helping financial institutions to achieve the technological and business potential of its infrastructure and core technologies.
Networking and application of digitalization/intelligence to build the foundation of a socially oriented intelligence in the digital economy era. We believe that a strong combination of the two is likely to accelerate the overall upturn in the financial sector.
The current release of the newcloud cloud platform follows the idea of the cloud, introducing a fully fledged technology platform from the bottom structure to the top, further promoting the cloud in the core system, blocking the bottom hardware complex on the laas floor, and the platform solution on the Paas floor, based on the constant jres 3.0 technology center.
Provides the capability of cloud-based technology services such as containers, microservices, distribution, surveillance, logs, api markets, and abstractes financial business models and provides a platform for low-code high-productivity applications development. Therefore, the permanent newcloud cloud platform can effectively improve the governance of the int architecture, reduce efficiency gains and help finance
Institutions respond more quickly to business needs. The core technological capabilities of Aliun in the field ofiaas are further consolidated to provide financial institutions such as securities, funds, futures and other financial institutions with “iaas+paas” integrated construction and shipping services, and to build the next generation of digital financial infrastructure, while unifying the R & D and operation of technology stores to facilitate the delivery of the suit.
The business model shifts to achieve lower overall input costs and more efficient delivery. At the same time, in this process, the company is expected to benefit from policy guidance and sustained market reforms, with constant e-services throughout its life cycle, such as the construction, maintenance, and joint laboratories.
The Financial Science and Technology Development Plan, issued by the Central Bank, sets out six development goals, marking a new stage in financial informatization, with companies, as leaders of the financial science and technology industry, expected to further enhance their development. From last year’s new regulations on capital management, new rules on finance, and methods for managing banks’ financial subsidiaries, to this year’s mom product indexes.
In our view, changes in regulatory rules have led to the upgrading of the financialit system, bringing about a sustained increase in demand in the financialit market, and looking forward to future developments. Policies are falling short of expectations, financial sectors are falling short of expectations, and the risks are falling short of expectations, and products are being promoted.