q3 Q3 Quick Quarters, Active Financial Science & Technology 3 Quarterly Review 2019, according to the company ' s 3 Quarterly Report 2019, the company achieved 2,297 million revenues, up from the same period in the previous year.
17.02 per cent; realization of net profits attributable to parent owners is 804 million, an increase of 122.86 per cent over the same period in the previous year; >q3 single-quarter pick-up rate, reflecting growth in the company's performance throughout the year 2.29 billion yuan in the first three quarters of the company, an increase of 17.02 per cent over the same period in the previous year; achievement of attribution to the mother
The growth rate is significantly faster than in the o2 and o1 quarters. By type of operation, the increase in the management of operations was the fastest, at 26.38 per cent compared to the previous year, largely thanks to the recognition of income associated with the creation of panels, and some operations are expected to continue in the q4 quarter, keeping in mind the growth in corporate performance throughout the year.
Research and development (R & D) has been increasing. Active deployment of financial technology. R & D costs for companies in the last three quarters amounted to $1,043 million, representing 45.41 per cent of operating income. Companies have advanced the technological upgrading of the Online technology and formed a technology hub, a data hub, a business hub.
The financial science and technology sector is the focus of the Department’s research and development efforts, with the continuous landing of local products in the areas of smart customer service, intellectual investment, and the active deployment of natural applications such as language processing, knowledge mapping, block chains, etc.
It is expected that companies will continue to invest more and more in the area of the ai, block chain, and that emerging products will be landing more quickly. In the broader context of financial supply-side reform, the future growth of financialit operations will be more certain, while keeping in mind the company’s presence in the Financial Services Section.
Rhodesian, the policy is not as advanced as expected, business is not as developed as expected.
2. E-Secret performance forecast: performance forecast against expectations, year-round appreciation of the financial system Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
In 2019, the Chief of the Computer & Education Industry of the Humanist Institute joined the Institute of Civil Securities and the Master of Financial Sciences of the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade. He worked as an author with a professional qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, sought to be objective, impartial and the conclusion was not influenced by any third party.