Date: 28 October 2019: the company published its three-quarterly 2019 report, which generated business income of $2.3 billion during the reporting period.
The Hangzhou Hengsheng Electronics Group has a net profit of $320 million to the mother, an increase of 36.1% over the same period, which is generally consistent with market expectations. The income side is good, and the need to transform the capital system continues to expand.
Revenues are rising at an accelerated quarterly rate. A breakdown of operations shows that in the last three quarters of operations, the revenues of the operation amounted to $790 million, an increase of 26.4 per cent over the previous three quarters, which was the main driver of growth, judging the capital, managing the new regulations is bringing about the need for continuous expansion of systems transformation, while banks are expected to manage the fortunes of the public.
The Division also contributes a certain increase in the relative depth of 300 indexes per unit. In addition, because of the large number of inventive orders in the previous period, confirmed in the third and fourth quarters, we believe that the high quarterly growth of the company is expected to continue.
In addition, it is worth noting that the company achieved a net profit of $80 million in the first three quarters, up from 122.9 per cent in the previous quarter, which was much higher than the growth in revenue, mainly as a result of net non-recurrent gains and losses of $490 million from fair value changes and investment gains and gains.
Cost levels are stable, and the third-tier R & D system has a lot of bright spots. The company’s sales cost for the first three quarters was $7.2 billion, an increase of 18.8 per cent over the previous three quarters.
In the first three quarters, the company's R & D fee was 45.4%, and continued to run within the industry as the key to sustaining the three-tier R & D system. The so-called three-tier system: (a) the Helium Institute continuously promotes cutting-edge technological innovations in block chains, high-performance computing, artificial intelligence, and so on.
(b) Research and development centres focus on technology platforms and bottom platforms, working with ant gold uniforms to focus on a new generation of jres 3.0 technology platforms
(c) Business to match customer demand and promote financial center-building, with a continuous succession of first-line products such as uf3.0 and one-stop capital management platform 04.
In recent years, the company has set up a wide range of sub-divisions for Internet innovation, some of which have a bright spot in the last three quarters. In the first six months of the year, the company's Worming Network earns $2.9785,000, nearly doubles in the same year, at a loss.
Kwok Wenbin rapidly narrows; there are more than 2,000 registrations for the gtn platform under the flag, while the openapi service connection is growing at a time of rapid growth: integrated private fundraising by subsidiary Yunaki with a certificate
The block chain has long been configured, and the policy dividend has created opportunities. The recent block chain has been upgraded to a core technological and autonomous innovation area driven at the national level.
Companies now have nine patents in the relevant field, two of which are more mature: (a) the financial union chain hsl, which serves the centralization of the Paas platform of the financial institutions, which enables them to quickly build a block chain system.
In December 2018, the China Banking Association, led by the China Banking Association, officially launched the China Trade and Finance Inter-Little Chain Platform, with letters of credit and Forfeiting operations supported by hsl.
Public trust institutions such as courts, notaries, currently supporting the contractual chain, private equity chains, etc. Investment advice and profit projections: companies are now at the forefront of the domestic financial system, with full product lines and leading innovative business layouts covering large financial institutions.
In the broader context of the deep-seated reform of the former capital markets, companies are fully benefiting from the policy dividend, with both high growth and high elasticity. Moreover, companies have a strong research and development power that can guarantee large-scale commercial technologies with high-frequency and cutting-edge deep excavations, and block chains.
Corporations are expected to build up or open space for new business in the technological field.