The policy effects are gradually reflected at the income end, and the cost ends are controlled Events: 2,297 million yuan in corporate revenue in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 17.02 per cent in the same year; net profit for the mother 804 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 122.86 per cent in the same year; non-net profit for the mother ' s deduction, an increase of 317 million yuan in the same year
▪ The policy effect is gradually reflected at the income end, with the income end accelerating in the third quarter. With the impact of the boom in capital markets and the benefits of regulatory policies such as the preparation of science and innovation boards, the setting of new regulations, and the opening of Qinglong, the revenue end is gradually beginning to show up in the third quarter, with revenue in the q3 quarter amounting to $773 million.
This represents an increase of 28.42 per cent over the same period, with a single-quarter increase of 14.33 per cent over q1 (+11.17 per cent) and q2 (12.49 per cent). We believe that the acceleration of revenue growth resulting from the above-mentioned policy implications o4 continues to contribute, with cost-side growth continuing to be contained and research and development inputs remaining high.
Not to increase by 16.98%, 11.81%, the increase in certification costs is better controlled; R & D costs are still low. Net corporate cash flows in the first three quarters - $67 million, compared to $103 million in the same period last year.
Market warming and policies drive robust growth and innovation breakthroughs. In Internet operations, companies with high income ratios are growing and innovation continues to break out.
The swarms, whale tungs, and clouds, where the swarms are growing steadily and the clouds are growing faster. Whale tungsten is still in the strategic input phase, but the losses are narrow, the gtn platform is growing rapidly in the first half of the year, and the number of open-air registrations is more than 2,000.
The Xiao whale smart Kyc continues to be recognized in the market and contracted by multiple financial institutions; the camp has a significant effect, and profit elasticity is expected to continue, and marketing services have grown faster to become a joint stock offering in 2019.
East is the exclusive technology platform. 3, "Hongsin Electronics" (600570): Further optimization of costs, policy is gradually coming down next year.
▪ To fully advance the technological upgrading of the Online technology architecture and create a medium-sized strategy.
The needs of the exhibition, and the formation of a medium-sized strategy for technology hubs, data hubs, and centres of operations hubs, as well as organizational adjustments to their respective products, define the objectives of a number of platform-based products and their structural upgrading. In the future, companies will scale up the construction of medium-level product lines and accelerate core product development and up-to-date.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board