Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centers
During the first three quarters, the company achieved operating income of 2,297 million yuan, yoy+17.0 per cent; net profit of $317 million, yoy+36.1 per cent; operating income of 773 million, yoy+28.4 per cent, for the third quarter; net profit of $60 million, yoy+59.5 per cent, for the non-patrimony.
q3-quarter pick-up rate. The rapid growth of brokerage and financial operations is the main driver of the firm’s performance: 49.1% (1.0% in the first half of the year) and 69.3% (only 1.0%) of the management business.
53.4 per cent of the proceeds of the capital market line, driven by brokering and financial management, are recognized for the start-up board, on the other hand, for the warmth of the capital market and the growth of financial institutions throughout the year - the E-Meets Review.
Inputs, believing that the logic of this year’s growth in corporate performance is beginning to materialize. In addition, q3 quarter q2 performance has been released faster, short- and long-term development continues at a cost, and long-term profitability is expected to increase further.
3. “The rise of the new financial technology giants – the rise of the electronic depth of the new technology – increased by 18.2% on the same basis, less than the increase in income. According to the split, the cost of sales increased by 17.5% on the same basis, and the increase in personnel and salaries was the main reason for the increase in costs in the first half of the year, which we expect to continue in the third quarter.
In the long run, with 5. Internal management upgrades, external two-wheel drive, the company’s growth, the effects of scale, the company’s proactive cost control, and the company’s long-term gain.
Looking at q4, which will be recognized in the set of income from the venture board, while the needs of Qoronton, cdr, etc. are expected to start, and third-party access is expected to open up.
At the same time, the corporate innovation business is well structured, and the future is expected to fully capture the growth trends, the benefits of change in the beneficiary industries, and the long-term growth of the company. Corporate investment returns change considerably, and based on the q3 scenario, we adjust our projections of corporate profitability.
Financial institutions spend less than expected; regulatory policy is less advanced than expected; relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and then the final rating is calculated on average to serve as the market average investment