I don't think you're showing up, business is going as well as you're expecting.
The company announcement for the third quarter of 2019 reported 2,297 million yuan, a 17.02 per cent increase over the previous three quarters of the year; 804 million yuan in net profit returns, a 122.86 per cent increase over the previous quarter of the year; and Li Yi in net profit deductions.
In the reporting period, the company’s business plates showed a steady growth rate. Among these, the brokering industry achieved $367 million, an increase of 14.33 per cent. In the single quarter, the company achieved net profit deductions.
Sixty million yuan, the highest q3 value since the company was listed. We believe that the performance of the three-quarters is mixed, largely due to income gains resulting from the creation board and the new regulations on financing, which began to be confirmed gradually in the third quarter, and that this trend is expected to be maintained in the fourth quarter, looking at the company ' s performance throughout the year.
Costs are properly controlled and R & D inputs are maintained at a high level. During the reporting period, company sales costs and management costs were $718 million and $319 million, respectively, and marketing controls were optimized, with sustained increases in R & D inputs contributing to the long-term competitiveness of the company's products.
3) Block chain policy or development opportunities, growth of Grand Central Strategic Support Corporation In 2015, the company began to deploy block chain-related technology, joined the financial block chain alliance in 2016, and entered into a block-chain partnership with ants in the first half of 2019.
Obtaining nine patents in areas related to the block chain, and on that basis autonomously develop and complete business scenes such as letters of credit operations, counter-chain finance, private equity, e-mail offices, electronic contracts, user growth, double-recording, etc. Block-chain technology has recently been elevated to the national strategic level, and we believe that companies are either business-related or business-friendly.
In addition to this, the strategy of the medium-level company technology, the data centre, and the middle-level strategy is steadily moving forward. We believe that the medium-level strategy has helped the company to expand its application to the financial business landscape and to further develop the product ecology and its long-term development.
Downstream demand releases less than expected risks; new product R & D and extension are less than expected.