The financial cloud, the financial upper chain, made substantial progress - a review of the Hensen Electronics (600570), and this month, Hensen Electronic and Ali Yun worked together in Hangzhou to publish the newscloud finance cloud.
On December 19, a new launch of the 2019 block chain was held in Hangzhou. Four block chain products were launched: the hsl2.0, the Vantaa (ftcu), the Trade Finance Platform and the Supply Chain Financial Block Chain Services Platform.
The era of “Cloud finance” has begun, with the year 2020 as a turning point for the use of cloud technology in finance. In terms of technology applications, i’a’s application in finance is gradually emerging, but cloud computing technologies are still subject to regulations because of their financial sector attributes, and the financial sector has been in the “non-core system” and
The objective of this cooperation is to integrate the core technological capabilities of Aliun and the accumulation of corporate operations in the financial sector, to help financial institutions to achieve 17 infrastructure clouding, core technology Internet modulation and application of data/intelligentization. The permanent newcloud cloud platform can effectively improve the governance of the int architecture.
In 2019, block chain technology moved out of the validation phase and into the industrial landing cycle. The block chain began to develop independently from digital currency into a technological system, moving from marginal innovation to mainstream technology.
Since the chain study, continuous attention has been paid to the development of block chain technology, exploring the applications of block chain technology in the areas of electronic record-keeping, supply chain finance, digital asset transactions, and settlement.
The bottom base is the hsl2.0 platform, on which the Vantaa chain (ftcu) is launched, in the form of a coalition organization. With block chain technology, companies continue to export a variety of products and services: a trade finance platform, a supply chain financial block chain service platform, and technological and industrial changes in the financial sector.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment, 17th floor of the China Sea International Centre, B building, in a way that uses information on legal compliance, and produces this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company does not view the recipient as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, for example, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.