The company published three quarterly reports in 2019: 2.30 billion (+17.0 per cent) and net profits in the first three quarters.
800 million (+122.9%) and $320 million (+36.1%) of non-net profit. q3 business-related performance was delayed by the best non-net profit recorded in the first three quarters of the year, with growth borrowing rising periodically. Corporate performance slightly exceeded our expectations of income + 13%, net profit + 108%.
The three-quarters of $320 million in non-performance has been the highest since it was placed on the market in 2004. With corporate uniforms growing to $320 million, steady growth trends suggest that the growth of companies has become a visible driver, gradually exceeding growth and the growth of innovative business volume, and related to policy-driven systemic demand, such as the Science and Technology Innovation Board.
The company has a long-term layout in the block chain, joined the Financial Block Chain Cooperation Coalition in 2016, signed a block chain operational cooperation agreement with the Ministry of Antex Gold Clothes and Innovation Technology, and is also developing and testing block chain digital instruments.
The convergence with the financial sector is a natural advantage of the chain of blocks, and corporate-related innovations are opening up opportunities. The big center strategy is expected to tap into the customer management needs of financial institutions.
One of the key changes. In October, in our industry depth report on mid-level investment opportunities, we analysed the business opportunities offered by medium-level construction to clients in the financial sector, as well as the potential space offered by medium-level excellence in corporate R & D costs. Companies are expected to benefit from the spread of middle-level ideas in the long run.
Performance stability, gradual support for higher valuation premiums, short-term storage block chains, etc. Positive policy dimensions Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. Downstream demand fluctuations; and income generation from innovative products below expectations.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Computer: Computer applications Yang Si-Wung