Corporate Review Report  Automotive Industry 3 Quarterly Performance Review
Billion dollars, a 2.0 per cent increase in the same year; net return to the mother of $1.19 billion, a 37.04 per cent decline in the same year. (i) Sales are reduced by pre-payment payments, and the Māori ring is rising.
The company collected $7.06 billion in the third quarter of the year, a decrease of 24.01 per cent and net profit to the mother of $580 million, a decrease of 47 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a marked decline in the volume of bus sales by the company in the third quarter, which was 14761, a decrease of 23.9 per cent over the same period last year.
The volume is still larger than the sales in January-September of last year, and we believe that the decrease in sales is a demand for three quarters of the excess sales in the first half of the year. The company’s Māori ratio rose by 2.22% in the third quarter over the second quarter, as a result of lower battery output in q3 and higher end product allocation.
(ii) Increased investment in research and development in the light of new energy developments The cost of R & D by the company for the third quarter of the year amounted to $468 million, an increase of 82.5 per cent over the same period, and the firm invested heavily in research and development of new energy vehicles, indicating, on the one hand, the current steep decline in subsidies for new energy automobile policies, and, on the other hand,
On the one hand, the firm’s determination to secure the future of the bus industry is reflected. At this stage, a reduction in battery costs can effectively help bring about a recovery in the Māori rate, which is expected to continue in 19-20 years with new energy buses developed by the company, which will continue to adapt to higher-threshold policy subsidies.
(iii) The company will continue to benefit from the benefits of low-cost and scale costs. At the end of September, the company signed $2.1 billion.
At the same time, the company’s overseas operations have grown well, becoming the first bus brand in Africa. Companies are also increasing their number of buses in Russia, Cuba, Venezuela, etc.
The company’s q4 Māori ratio is expected to continue to rise as the leader of a domestic company in the commercial bus industry.
Sales of new energy buses are below expectations and overseas exports are below expectations.