I don't know what you're talking about, cchina) Softbussalescontinueinnovember
I don't know what you're talking about.
Softnovembersales: Yutongshiped 5,784Busesinnovemer, town 25% untsin 11m18. theweaknesswasmainlyduetoacontinenteddeclinein the demandforconventionalbuses, specialintenon-urbanssetment.
In fact, it's a very important thing to do, and it's a very important thing to do, but it's a very important thing to do, and it's a very important thing to do, and it's a very important thing to do.
Whatisbehindourneutralring: 1)assuming 40% and 20% subsidedycusts fore-usesin2019-20e.
Weaknessinbusdemandin 2019, specialinconvensionalbusspaceand overseasmarkets; 3) elevatedimpairmentlosesaswellasr&dcostsduring produceandtechnologytransition.wewouldtturnmoreposiveonbetter-than-
Expectedbusdemand, lower-than-expectedsubsidycuther-than-expectedbattery productioncostcut. actionandrecommendation
Wemaintainourneutralring. 600066chrelhsiperformance, & rechistory note: recommensiontimeline-ifnotacontinousline, thennewasno
I don't know, macquariecoverageatthetimeotheriasanembargoperiod. (allfiguresinrmmunlesnoted, tpincny) Macquariecapitallimited
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices Online.
I don't know, thisiscalculatedroomthevolatilityofhistorical all "adjusted" dataitemshavehad outperform-return>3% inexcessofbenchmarkreturrn
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
3% ofbenchmarkretürn underperform–retürn>3% belowbenchmarkretürn very high-highestrisk–stocksouldbe
Catastrophereserves, ifrsderivatives andhedging, expeditedtomoveuportown 60-100% inneryears&ifrsinterestextense
Inventors shouldbeawarethstockishighly excluded: nonrecurringments, appetrevals, proper benchmarkretrinaltedbylongtermminal
I'm sorry, gdpgrothplus12monthforwardmarketdividend returns, appraisalvalueuplifts, statementsands/speculative.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Roa=adjustebit/averagetotassets neutral-expectedreturnfrom-10% to +10%
Underperform - Expedition <-10% totalassets mazimacquarie - Southafrica
+10% Grossflow=adjustednetprofit+depreciation
Neutral-expectedreturnfrom-10% to +10% numberoffshares macquarie-canada
At the end of the day, we're going to be able to find out what we're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
Underperform-return > 5% belowbenchmarkreturn only Macquarie-usa
- It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
3000ndextreturn neutral(old) - retrürnwith 5%ofrsell3000ndex return
Indexreal 60066chvshsi, & rechistory-hsi pricetarget
Note: recommensiontimeline-ifnotacontinousline, thethenewasnomaquarie overageatthetimeorthesanembargoperiod. 12-monttargetpricetehodology 600066ch: rmb12.40basedonapermethodology
This is the first time I've ever met a woman who's been in a state of emergency and who's in a state of emergency and who's in a state of emergency.
The companyysexposostomarketsks, sochashangesininterestates, foreignexchangessandinputpricees.romtimetimetimetimetimes, the companywillingententinportrantnations,to
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm talking about.
generalddisclaims: macquariececurities (australia)ltd; macquariecapital (europe)ltd; macquariecapitamarketscanadaldalddd; macquariecapitalmarketsnortamérica ltd; macquariecapital (usa)inc; macquariecapitalimited, taiwansecuritiesbranch; macquariecapitalsets (singapore)pteltd; macquarie

I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, and other professionalsmayprovidiororworldmarkermarkercommationortrainingstrategiestooursourcesthatreflecultinionswhocharecontractoryto the opinionexpressedinthisresearch.macquarierereresearchproducesavreofresearchproductsincludification, Butnotlicedto, fundamentalanalysis, macro-economicanalysis, quantiactiveanalysis, and tradedeideas.recommendeidescontainativenedinetyofofreveresearchproducedofifford
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not like I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it's about it.
I'm not sure you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, because I'm not going to be able to do it, I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, the macrostrategymaresales & tradepersonsnelwhoprovidedadeskcommentarythisnotaproductof themacquariereresearch departorsubjecttofinrüle 2241 oranyootherregularregardingtheprospectionoffequitireresearch. country-specificdisclamers:
Australia: naustralia, researchissessueddistribudbymacquariececurities (australia) ltd (afslno.238947), aparticipatingorganisationof the australiansecuritiesexhange.macguariecurities (australia)limited Staffinvolved withthepepreparationofrefresearchhaveregularinteraction
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
And (ii) participatingorganisionofthetoronto stockexchange, tsxventureexchange&montréalexchange.thisresearchsdridibustiedstates, asirdpartnerresearchbymaquarie capitalmarketsnorthamiercaltd., whichisaregisteredbroker-dealerandmeroffincialindustryregularatortyandthesecritities.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Intendedfordistrition in Statementlytomajorinstitutionalinvestor.Researchanalysts of macquariecapitamarkarketscanadaldald.rerenotgetted/qualfiedresresearchanalysts
Capitarmarketscanadaltdd.istolowallclientathatatreitledtohaveequalaaccesstoourresearch. unincorporateddom: intheunishedkingdom, researchchisissedddistriedbymacquariecapital (europe)ltd, whichisauthorsedandregulaedbyfinalconductautology (no. 193905).germany:ingermany, thisresarossuedand/ordribustedbymacquariecapital (europe)limed, niedlassungdeutschland, whichisišišićed
Authorisedandregulatedbytheukfinciancialconductauthority (No. 193905), andingermanybybafin.france: infrance, researchissussuedand distriedbymacquariecapital (europe)ltd, whichislislissuissuedandreglatedintheunishingdombythefinancialconductauthority (No. 193905).hongkong&mainlandchina: inhongkong, researchissussuedtedbymacquariecapitalimited, whichislislicensedand
I don't know, regularized by the securitiesandfutures committee. inmainlandchina, macquariecurities (australia)limed shanghairepresentativeofficeonly engagesinnon-businissoperativeactivities exclusingistuisentidies provisionaleresearch.onlyn-asharerereresearchchisistributedintainintainlandchina by mamaquariecapitallimited.japan: injapan, researchissuassuidandtedbymacariedmacquariecapacitacitates (japan)
Tokyostockexhange, inc. andosakaexchange, inc. (financialinstrumentsfirm, Kantofinancialbureau (kin-sho) no. 231, amberofjapan securitiesdealersassociation.india: india, researchchissussuedanddristritedbycquariecapacitations (india)pvt.ltd. (cin: u65920mh 1995ptc090696), 92, vel9, 2northaway, makermaxity, Bandrakurlacomplex, Bandra (east), mumbai-400051, india, whisisa
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
iresttotheteport.researchcase(s)inthhiaregisterascllerksonlyassististinthepparationofresearchandareototagedin writingotheresesearch.macquariemaybeinpastoneyorionorionofrucesserofrucructuredwarrantsonsecuritiesmentationinthelsreport.thailand: inthailand, researchechisproduced, issuedanddisteribuedbymacquarieniecurities (thailand)ltd.macquarienesecurities (thailand)ltd.isalicenesed
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever seen me, but I don't know if you're the only one who's got me, but I don't know if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's got me.
iod.com/en/publications.asp?type=4.southkorea: insouthkorea, unlessothwisted, researched, issedanddistrited bymacquarie securitieskorealmited, ichisregradedbythefinal supervisorsservices.informationsnothersinsklisdisclosed 00000.southafrica: insouthafrica, researchissuedanddriedbymazimacarièries (rf) (pty) ld, amberofjselimited.
(singapole: insingapore, researchissuissedanddistributed by macquariecapitalsecurities (singapore) pteltd (decisionregistration) (198702912c), acapitamarketsserviceselicenseholderunderthesecuritiesandfuturesacttodealinsecuriesandprovidecustomediaservicesin singapole.pursuanttothefinancialadvisers (amendment)regulations2005, maquariecapacitacitacitates (singapore)
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
i. , accepts responsibilityforthecontainmentresearchportreparedbyoneofetsnon-usaffiliateswenthersreothersreportisistiedtheuniveinsbymaquariecapitatal (usa) inc. , accepts responsiabilityfortheconfearchresearchprovedbyoneofisonsnon-usaffiliateswhenotheresresearchedinstedintheunitedstates bymaquariecapital (usa) inc.macquariecapital (usa) inc.inc.'saffiliate'sanlysarrenotregitedasresresearchtechanalystswithfitra, maynotbe
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Wishingtoeffectatrannysecurityidescriedhereindolfoddosowithmacquariecapital (usa) inc.importantdiscussureinformation representiveat1-888-mac-stock, orwritetothe supervisorialyanalys, researchdepartements, macquariecultures, 125w.55thtreet, newewyork, ##maquariegroup
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Infrastructure, industrials, transport banksandfinancials telecoms
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ We're gonna have to go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪ ♪ We're gonna go ♪
♪ Capitallq asiasales regionalheadsofsales ♪
I don't know, regionalheadsofsalescont'd Salestradingcont'd