2nd quarter net profit re-innovation, increased contribution of polyolefins, 2nd quarter net profit re-innovation.
The energy release of the inner-Mongolian hydrocarbon project accelerated, and the sales of polyolefins jumped significantly on a par, adding coal s0980120002 with cost downsides and product profit structure optimization, driving high profit-end growth.
The domestic market for polyolefins in the second quarter was affected by crude oil fluctuations, the division of end demand, and the company ' s average tax-free sale price of polyethylene/polypropene decreased by $6495/6346/, supporting the expansion of profits.
Construction began in April and is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2026; work on the Xinjilanyl hydrocarbons project and on the intramonodine two-quarter production/distribution of 585,624,000 products is under way in the lead-up to the Xinjiang Hydrocarbons project.
The main raw materials of the device are supplied autonomously, and the industrial chain is developed in tandem to optimize costs. Tons (year-on-year-on-32, ring ratio-13 per cent). The price of coke and coke in the first half of the year, which have dropped by less than upstream coal, has been repaired on the same basis as the price of the process.
Inner Mongolia, the cost advantage of coal continues. In the first half of 2025, the company's main raw materials gasated coal/correa.
The average unit purchase price for coal/power coal is $447/763/321 per ton, compared to the quarterly increase in the net profit of the mother relative to the ring. Inner Mongolia may still move down.
The average cost of coal and oil-based hydrocarbons in the second quarter of the year is 6082/7415 yuan per ton, and coal-based hydrocarbons in the second quarter of the year.
Investment proposal: The company’s main product, polyolefins, contributes to the increase in profits, and we maintain the company’s net profit re-innovation in the second quarter of the second quarter of the year. The company collected $12.5 billion in the second quarter of the year 2025 (+39.0 per cent of the year, the intra-Mongolian hydrocarbon project’s capacity is released at an accelerated rate, the sales of polyolefins have increased significantly in the same year, and the coal cost has been added to the cost of coal.
Optimized product profit structure, driving high profit-side growth. Figure 1: Quarterly operating income from bouncing energy (billions) Figure 2: Quarterly net return on bovine energy (billions)
Figure 3: Quarterly Māori, Net Interest Rates, Figure 4: Quarterly Marketing, Management, R & D, Financial Cost Increased Contribution of New Polyolefin Production.
The domestic market for polyolefins is affected by crude oil fluctuations and the division of end demand, and the company polyethylene/polypropylene is sold at an average tax-free price of $6495/6346/tonne (11 per cent/-7 per cent, ring ratio - 8 per cent/-3 per cent); while prices have fallen, raw materials such as coal have also declined, supporting the expansion of profits.
Construction is planned to be completed by the end of 2026; the Xinjilanyl hydrocarbons project, and the advance work of the Xinjiang polycrysole hydrocarbons project are increasing production and sale of eva/ldpe.
As a result of the easing of the supply of coke, the prices of coke and coke fell in the first half of the year, while the price of coke fell by less than upstream coal, and its processing profits were repaired on a par.
Figure 8: Prices of the main energy source ($/t) Coal cost advantages persist. In the first half of 2025, the company ' s main raw material gasated coal/coal/coal-power coal prices in Mongolia in the second quarter of the year were 431/tonne for 5,200 karaoke coal pits (year-to-year-34%, ring-to-16%) and the price of coal was delayed.
The cost advantage of the coal supply and demand line over the oil, pdh route has been further expanded to provide a solid foundation for the profitability of polyolefin plates. According to Treasure Information, the average cost of coal and oil-based hydrocarbons in the second quarter of 2025 is respectively.
6082/7415 ton, with a cost advantage of approximately 1334 ton/ton for coal. Figure 9: Cost of oil versus coal ton. Figure 10: Market price of polyethylene and polypropene (mega/ton)
Investment recommendations: The company ' s main product, polyolefins, contributes to increased profits by expanding its production capacity, and we maintain the company ' s 2025-2027. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are free from any third party ' s approval or influence; the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.