Intra-Murmun new capacity has contributed significantly to the expected performance event: the company recently released its mid-2025 report, which achieved business income of $22.82 billion, and its new capacity has contributed significantly, resulting in a significant increase in its performance. According to the company announcement, 2.6 million people within the Mt.
In the first half of the year, the production of 1,163.5 million tonnes of polyolefins, representing 48.39% of the company ' s total production of polyfins, has contributed significantly to the performance of the first half of the year.
The coal-based industry ranks first in the country. 2025h1, the company ' s main product, polyolefins (with an avalanche), produced 2.446 million tons, an increase of 96.64 per cent in the same year, and coke production, 34.1.8 million tons in the same year.
The construction project is progressing well, and the reserve project is actively moving forward, or will result in a new increase. According to the company, the construction of the Ningdong tetrachlorocyclohexane project began in April 2025, and the project is progressing well. < < Bo Fong Energy (600989.sh) < Innermont Project >
35% completion of the construction of the civil framework and complete progress in the deepening and processing of the steel structure, which is well under way, with the low price of raw materials contributing to the profitability of the project scheduled to be completed by the end of 2026. In addition, the Xinjila Hydrocarbon Project, the Intramodecene Hydrocarbons Project, and the Intramodecene Hydrocarbons Project, are planned to be completed by the end of 2026.
< < Treasure energy (600989.sh): The current phase of the Inner Moon project is moving forward positively, which will bring new growth gains to the company.
< < Downward efficiency supports significant growth in performance. < < New industry competition increases risks; force majeure risks, etc. > < Performance meets expectations, with significant contribution from inward new capacity
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.