New production capacity in the interior has made a significant contribution, with the scale of the production of acrylic hydrocarbons leaping into the country's second-largest (600989.sh) incident assessment report.
In the first half of 2025, the company achieved business income of 22.820 billion yuan, an increase of 35.05 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the same increase in sales of the company ' s polyolefin production.
Sub-products: 1) polyolefins (with eva): low-price effects of 2025h1 production of 2.446 million materials, overall down-prices of polybutylene products in the first half of the year, but prices of products have fallen slightly less than the cost of raw materials, and overall profitability levels in the industry have returned.
Warm. The average profit for oil-based polyethylene in the first half of the year was $438 per ton, an increase of $643 per ton in the same year; the average profit for oil-based polypropylene was $260 per ton, an increase of $954 per ton, a decrease of 6.1 per cent in the same year; and the average price for hdpe products was $7848 per ton, a decrease in the same year.
393 yuan per ton, a decrease of 4.8 per cent for polypropylene products, an average price of 7418 yuan per ton, compared with the same price, 1209 yuan per ton for semi-fibre, 1, " Bounty Energy (600989), " Acetylene production " .
The same-year decline of $668 per ton, or 35.6 per cent; higher sales of the main coal-containing taxes in Shanxi; higher performance, high dividends for investment; higher financial costs, mainly due to lower costs of capitalization of interest
The company ' s sales/management/financial/research and development fees increased in volume in the first half of 2025 and the coal-based acrylic tap performance was significant in terms of the cost of the period of performance pressure, the new base opening up the growth space.
The increase was mainly due to the start-up of new projects, lower capitalization costs; higher financial costs, lower interest capitalization costs due mainly to the start-up of new projects.
The company ' s new project was successfully launched, and the contribution of new production capacity was significant: 1) 2.6 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons and 400,000 tonnes/year of green hydrogen-coupled hydrocarbons project were built as planned and fully operational, producing 1,635,000 tonnes/year of polyolefins in the first half of the year, representing the company ' s share of total production.
The total production of polyolefins was 48.39 per cent, and with the completion of the project, the company has reached 5.2 million tonnes/year, and the production level has jumped to the top of the coal-based industry in the country.) The 100,000 tonnes/year acetic acid advantage and investment advantage, and the ethylene project has achieved a one-time start.
The vehicle was successfully and successfully put into production, which enabled the autonomous supply of the main raw materials of the machinery, setting a solid foundation for the coordinated development and cost optimization of the industrial chain of the enterprise.
At the same time, the company's ongoing construction project is well under way, and the reserve project is well under way. The Ningdong 4 project started in April 2025 and the project is well under way.
Pre-hydrocarbon projects are moving forward positively, taking into account the expected growth in performance due to the rapid release of company capacity, the risk of fluctuations in downstream demand for new projects; the risk of falling product prices; and the wind of rising raw materials prices.
Risks; new projects less than expected.
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.