A significant increase in the uphill of the Inner Mon Phase, with an improvement in the profitability of the carbon-coal price, was achieved on the evening of 21 August, with the Bo Fong Energy issuing its semi-annual report for 2025, yielding 22,820 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 35.05 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $5,718 million, an increase of 73.02 per cent in the same year;
Coal plates continue to be vulnerable and the increase in the price difference of the acetylene acetylene has improved significantly in the second quarter compared to the trend of 300 in the depths of the company, mainly due to the slope belts of the Inner Mongolia Hydrocarbon Project.
The price of coal in the second quarter has decreased considerably, with the price of the polyolefins rising by 10,000 tons, the production/distribution of polyolefins by 24.56/+258.86 million tons, and the production/distribution of the wafers by 0.58/+15.3 million tons.
At the end of the cost, according to our calculations, the gasification plant purchased by the company suffered a rapid fall in coal and coke prices in the first half of 2025, a narrow profit on the coke plate, a decrease in the price of acetylene due to oil fluctuations, but an improvement in the price difference is still smaller than the raw material, with 25h1 herbs.
The polymeric ratio of hydrocarbon plates is 42.84 per cent and the ring ratio is +4.22 pct. The tons/year of coal and the accompanying 400,000 tons/year of green hydrogen-coupled hydrocarbons project are scheduled to be completed and fully produced; the 100,000 tons/year of acetic ethylene project is scheduled to be completed to provide stability for theeva project
The project started in April 2025, and the project was well under way, and by the end of July it had been designed at a rate of 24%.
Equipment orders are 80%, civil infrastructure is 80%, civil infrastructure works are complete, civil master framework works are completed 1. The sub-coal prices are ready for production.
The Inner Mongolia Project, which affects three quarters of profits, believes that the company’s size advantages and cost controls lead the industry, while at the same time continuously compressing its costs, becoming the industry’s inner pole.
3. Xinjiang’s start-up project was less advanced than expected in the construction of the new project; prices of raw materials and products fluctuated significantly;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.