Innermont’s performance as a driver increased, with the return on the medium-term red mark up, resulting in a net profit of 3.281 billion yuan to the mother, 74.17 per cent more than in the previous year, and 34.64 per cent more in the ring. Innermont’s performance as a driver of production and distribution increased by 25h1.
Ethylene, polypropylene, coke sales of 115.29, 111.79, 3.4015,000 tonnes, respectively, different from the same scale, ulterior to the same scale.
This is due to a similar improvement in the price difference for bronzene in the context of the move down. Quarterly data show that the production line of the art. 3 of the vinyl carbide project was tested in March and produced in April, and the sales of the ring ratio continued; Ningdong II device was successfully completed and was on a overhaul mission. 25q2 company polyethylene, polypropylene, coke sales were 63.83, 62.64, 170.28, respectively.
On the one hand, at the end of April, the company was designed at 24%, equipment was ordered at 80%, civil infrastructure was completed at 80%, and industrial production was completed by the end of the year. On the other hand, the company ' s Xinjilanyl hydrocarbons project, and the inner Mononylene dioles project were working ahead.
Repurchases go hand-in-hand with medium- and long-term growth energy. To further enhance the sense of ownership of company shareholders, companies have a stable cash-saling policy and a higher proportion of cash-weeds, on the one hand, and positive use, on the other.
In addition, the company intends to implement a semi-annual cash bonus, management risks associated with the expansion of the stockholders as well as less than expected risks of project construction.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In May 2022, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute, mainly in the chemical industry. This report is provided to his clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.