Study on researchreport Ningiabaofengenergygroup (600989.ch) 25h1 net profit increase of 58.7 per cent over the same year, with reserve projects actively advancing
25h1 net profit increased by 58.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with company operating income of $22.82 billion, or 35.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis; the net return to the mother was 57.2 per cent of the new project, which contributed significantly to the new production capacity.
The project is currently the largest single plant in the world and is the first project to use green hydrogen for co-production with modern kerosene. With the completion of the project, the company ' s production capacity has reached 5.2 million tonnes/year, and production capacity has jumped to the top in the coal industry.
The project uses the most advanced dmto-iii technology, based on the location, technology and investment advantages of the project, further reducing the cost of production of the company's yety hydrocarbons and increasing core competitiveness. Second, the one-time success of the 100,000 tonnes/year acetic ethylene project and its successful and successful commissioning have enabled the self-sufficient supply of the main raw materials of the eva devices to be secured.
The quality and steady supply of the main raw materials provide a solid basis for the coordinated development and cost optimization of the enterprise ' s industrial chain. Three are the one-time successful driving of the occ device, and the output product indicators are fully met. The construction project is progressing well, and the reserve project is moving forward.
Li, by the end of July, 24% of the equipment had been designed, 80% of the equipment ordered, 80% of the civil infrastructure completed, 35% of the civil structure completed, and the steel structure has fully started the process of deepening and processing drawings. The project is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2026.
In 2025h1, recurringnetprofitincreasedby58.7% yoy.in25h1, the company'soperatingrevenue \triangleright inclusedby 35.0% yoyto22.82billionyuan; thenetprofintainedby73.0% yoyto 5.72billion
Company'soperatingrevenuewas 12.05billionyuan (yoy+39.0 per cent); Netpropitwas3.28billionyuan (oy+74.2 per cent); andnetpropitwas2.98billionyuan (oy+46.6 per cent). in 2025h1, the company'smain project, polyolefin (includingeva), hadductioncapabilityof2.4046milliontonnes (oy+96.64 per cent).
You know, the codification capacitation was 3.418 milliontonnes, whichwasbasically thesomeoys.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
, and the firststtousegleen hydrogenandmoderncoalchemicalcollarlaprarativeproductiontetechnologytoproducefilefinsonalarge
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's 98% with a locator nationalateofofover.adoptingtheemostaddmtto-iiitechnology, the projectleveragelocation, technologicalandvesment advantagestorduceprosandsandenancecorecompetitivence.secondly,
100,000-tonne-per-yearvinialactate projectageievedasubaccessfollone-timestart-upandsmooth production.thisrealisesaninsidesuppropplyofthemainlawrealsfortheevaunit, understanding the internationality andstablesubly, and playingasolidfoundforthecoordinateddevelopmentofthecoordinaddevelopmentofthe
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Industry, wehaveventhecompanypeof12for2025, whichcorprespondpostpofrmb19.32.we inventive with thecompanywitha "buying"
In 2025, the Division joined the Global Treasurers Ltd., which continues to cover the chemical and new materials industries.
Industries such as engineering, molecular sifting, electrolyte, synthetic biology, etc., cover companies such as the East Foon Group, Global New Materials International, China Heart, Heart Fertilizer, Centralized Fertilizer, Tanfung Group, China Sanjiang Chemical Industries, China Union Plastics, Piling Sungshan, Migau Group, China Petroleum Chemical, China Xiaoyang Group, Lottery New Energy, Tiande Chemical Industries, Science and Culture Industries, etc.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(3) Globalprosperityfulsocialcompanhymitedand/oritssubsidiariaesdonothothordequaltoormorethan 1% of themarketcapitalizationof themissionedinthisresearchreport. (4) globalprosperitysocialcompancialimedand/oritssubsidiareshavenothavesmentbanking_relationshipshipshipswiththeissuer
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
If you want to be a part of the world, you can be a part of the world's social network. (6) globalprosperityfinancialcompanymitedand/oritssubsidiareshavenotemployedanindividualservingasanofficeroftheissuertheissue.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it.
People, people, dealersand other professional executivesofglobalproprosperityfinalcompanciónnymitedgroupofcompanies.anyopinionians expressedinthisreportmaydifferorbetrarytoopinionionionionsinvesteddeccionsmadebytheassetmanagementandvesmentbanking groupsolfosolglobalprosperfundacialcompanimentationmed.
I don't know, if I'm the only one who's ever been there, then I'm the one who's been there, and I'm the one who's been there, and I'm the one who's here, and I'm the one who's here, and I'm the one who's here, and I'm the one who's here, and I'm the one who's the one who's here, and I'm the one who's the one who's here, and I'm the one who's the one who's here, and I'm the one who's the one who's here, and I'm the one who's the one who's here, and I'm the one who's the one who's here, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's here, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy, and the one who's the one who's the guy.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
Unit 2301, 23/f., 308centraldesvoeux, 308 desvoeuxroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong