Synthetic resin Treasure Energy (600989.sh) Increased contribution from the Entropy Hydrocarbons Project, actively advancing in the construction and storage project
On August 27, 2025, the sale of acetylene acetylene increased significantly, and the level of profit ... increased. 2025h1, corporate acetylene, caramel, fine \triangleright
Market data: 26 August 2025 Rapid release of acetylene production, leading to a double increase in revenue and profits, and a decrease in the cost of raw materials greater than the market value of a share in circulation (billions):
The price of the goods has fallen. 2025h1, the company polyolefins (with an avalanche) combined sales of 2.38 million tons, and the coal-based herbs have benefited from an increase in the oil price gap and the regional layout has further enhanced the competitive advantage.
The downside effect of the prices of raw materials such as upstream crude oil, coal, etc., has been an overall shock in the prices of polyolefins in the first half of the year, but the price of the products has fallen less than the cost of the raw materials, and the overall profit of the industry has recovered somewhat. According to the gold union statistics, the average profit of the oil polyethylene in the first half of the year was 438 yuan per ton, up from the same year.
Add 643 yuan per ton for oil-based polypropylene, with an average profit of $260 per ton, an increase of $954 per ton over the same period. Compared to other production feedstocks, the profit advantage of coal-based hydrocarbons has been further expanded over other feedstock routes as a result of falling coal prices.
The Division, located in Ordos, is a “energy engineering triangle”, with a sufficient supply of raw materials, low transport costs, significant contribution to the launch of the new project and active progress in the construction and storage of the project.
Full-scale production of the FC and associated 400,000 tonnes/year Green Hydrogen Coupled ACCP project, with 1,635,000 tonnes produced in the first half of the year, accounting for 48.39% of the company ' s total production of FC, and the company ' s capacity to produce 5.2 million tonnes/WMK
In addition, 100,000 tonnes/year of ethylene acetic acid items have been successfully and successfully delivered, and the occ device has been successful in one-time driving. Ningdong's four-stage hydrocarbon project began construction in April 2025 and is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2026.
The forward work on the Fythylene Project and the Nindong and Xinjiang base planning projects will support the company ' s long-term growth. For the first time, coverage will be given to the "buy-b" project.
Feedstock supply and price volatility risk: Coal is the main raw material of the company ' s products, which may have some impact on the Māori rate of the company ' s products if prices of raw \triangleright materials, such as coal, fluctuate significantly.
Market competition increases risks: if demand growth in the sector continues to slow in the future, market supply expands \triangleright, market competition will increase further and corporate performance will be affected to a certain extent.
Risks of macroeconomic change: The demand for corporate products is influenced by macroeconomic and downstream demand \triangleright.
Stagnation or even decline may affect the demand for the company’s products, and performance may be affected. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.