2021q2 single-quarter profit pressure, soft and hardboard upgrading trend still in place
Taking into account that the company is a core supplier of soft boards for large overseas clients, it will continue to benefit from the increased size and share of the softboard market in the future, with technological strength and high-quality managerial capacity, and maintain an “enhanced” rating. Factors such as depreciation of the 2021h1 new production line lead to short-term pressure, and the upgrading of the client product to boost the competitiveness of the company.
The company ' s business income increased in the first quarter of 2021q2 and the Māori rate decreased slightly. 2021q2 season pct/oy-34pt. 2021h1 The share of revenues from corporate communication boards, consumer electronics and computer panels was 56.6 per cent/43.4 per cent, respectively.
Production, depreciation and amortization costs $1.20 billion, an increase of $280 million. The core customer imports the new products, boosts company competitiveness, and the company has successfully imported the more difficult mini-ledhdi backboards, hopefully with 2021h2.
This is an increase, with R&D costs of 2021h1 amounting to $760 million, representing 6.4% of operating income, and yoy+2.2pct. Softboards and hardboard advances + diversified layouts, which are the medium- and long-term growth dynamics of companies that choose to grow with the best clients in the industry. Softboards, where capacity expansion goes hand in hand with technological upgrading.
The first phase of the Taiwan-Taiwan fpc project continues to build up soft-board power. In the hardboard area, companies go to the Corporate Information Update - Exchange and Stabilization Report, to the diversified layout of product applications and product structures, downstream applications to the server and car electronics.
At the time of the profit, the soft-lined top layout of the high-story hardboard field, the adas auto-driving car is now entering the sampling phase with a medium-controlled circuit board, the adas camera module is stable, the company opens the 3rd Park of LeAnn, and the position is advanced at the slp and the high-level hdi plant.
Corporate Information Update - Core Client Orders Postponed, q3 Profit Disturbed
"The Company's First Cover Report - Complicity with the Distinguished."