The performance has continued to increase, opening up the space for growth by going out to sea - the Tung Peng Beverage (605499.sh) incident evaluation report, 20 January 2025, with a performance forecast for 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn q4 returns are increasing faster than revenue, performance reservoirs are adequate, performance is expected and profits are released.
▪ The second curve continues to increase with a maximum of 400,000 outlets, while new consumption scenarios, such as sports and attractions, are constantly being developed, with quick rehydration and laying speed; and an increase in the number of ice freezers dropped at the same time as in Guangdong
In South-East Asia, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Asia, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Asia, South Asia, China, South Asia, China, South Asia, China, South Asia, South Asia, China, South Asia, South Asia, China, South Asia, South Asia, China, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, China, China, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, China, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, China, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, China, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
The company plans to create a printing facility with the Guangdong Dong Peng Beverage Company abroad.
The company has invested up to $200 million in high-quality drinks for consumers in Indonesia and the surrounding region.
Two. East Plum Beverage (605499): Performance is expected to continue, and the second growth curve is on track, and we're looking forward to the company's continuing to raise its market share on the energy beverages main track.
3 East Pium Beverage (605499): Performance with high electrolytic water growth, continuing as a second-growth curve.
The risk of downside macroeconomics, less than expected sales of East Patt beverages, less than expected sales during the season, less widespread new products, higher cost risks, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into the wine, is a sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks plate, and it's a tasting, fast-frozen, and a real-estate wine plate in addition to an insignia.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.