A successful year-round drop-out, a year-long high-growth event: the company published its annual report for 2024, the company achieved revenue of 15,839 million yuan in 2024, maintained a high increase in single drinks with Dong Pengte and achieved an over-expected increase of 280 per cent throughout the year.
q4 entered a mild season of traditional beverages, with a steady increase in income from a high base, with income from q4 rising by 25.1% over the same period, sales returns of $6,438 million, +74.4% over the same period, and income + the contractual liabilities of $5,666 million, 47.0%.
Water has continued its high growth trend, and the price of other beverages has risen significantly.
The sales market rose by 4.9 to 47.9 per cent, and the sales market increased by 4 to 34.9 per cent, making it the highest-selling energy drink for the fourth year in a row.
In 2024, the company built the Doppelganger + Water to be a double-engine class.
The “deep spot” scene was effectively extended to the “sweeper spot” scene, with the success of the second growth curve, the product totem < < < beverages < < < < q3 > continued high performance and the country gradually enriched.
In two broad regions, single-point efforts have increased steadily, and the process of nationalization has accelerated.
By the end of the year, the number of active companies had steadily increased to nearly 4 million, with a steady increase in the number of active sites in the north and south-west.
This represents an increase of 17.6% over the same period last year, with the number of patches reaching 2 million and the company’s network expanding steadily throughout the year. Meanwhile, as the product sku gets richer, the company has increased its capacity to deposit freezers, bringing together over 300,000 freezers in 2024, making a significant contribution to the single point’s increased capacity.
The cost dividend is released, the cost is more stable and the level of profitability is rising steadily.
In terms of costs, sales/management/research and development rates have been raised and effectively reduced, but this year companies have been increasing brand input and market promotion.
On the other hand, the Department has continued to increase the effect of freezing displays and increasing the single-point power of the terminal sites. The company's annual net interest rate has been increasing.
This compares with +2.9 pct to 21.0%, with a record level of net interest rates. The national expansion is strong, the second curve is growing rapidly, and the global landscape is about to open up further horizons.
At the same time, the development of coconut juice in the catering channels has been increased, and attempts have been made to break through the catering channels, with the goal of achieving greater certainty throughout the year. At the same time, the company intends to release a stock of h stocks to meet international business development needs and further advance its globalization strategy, which is now well under way in South-East Asia, the Middle East, and the future.
The energy beverages market in South-East Asia, the first station abroad, is over 20 billion people, with a much higher proportion of young and manual workers. Viet Nam’s affiliates have recently been established, and new packaging products have been extended to South-East Asia and the Middle East, and are expected to follow up positively.

Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.