On March 8, 2025, an annual report on the performance evaluation for the year 2024 was released.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) increased by 74.48 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from operating activities of $5,789 million, increased by the same year
The industry's leading comprehensive beverage group, upgrading brand values and market competitiveness. Ten billion large single-grade East Pocket drinks have grown steadily. According to Nelson iq, in 2024, East Pocket drinks increased by 4.9 pct to 4.9 pct, compared to the same sales in our energy beverage market.
For the fourth year in a row, 47.9 per cent became the country's highest-selling energy beverages; the national market sales rose from 30.9 per cent to 34.9 per cent; the same-year-old sales rose by 4.0 pct, 500ml bottled east.
In 2024, the number of sales of the Pygmies increased by 6.7%, compared to the same period last year, with sales of 5.0 pct up to 5.5% and 4.1 pcct up compared to the same period.
In 2024, company energy beverages/ electrolyte beverages/other beverages were calculated at 44.81% per year, an increase of 1.74 pct, mainly due to the price of the company's raw materials.
With the cost-end improvements, the company's ability to earn a large single item has increased, new items have continued to climb up the slopes, and further up - East Peng beverages (605499.sh) 2024. Second Growth Curve shows bright performance, opening up to 10 billion new ones.
In 2025, the company continued to deepen its strategy of nationalization and full access, while exploring products to the sea, on a journey - East Peng beverages (605499.sh) 2023, Report of the Review of the Report, 2024.04.19.
Further opening up incremental space. The company continues to refine the “product-plus-service” model and enhances its working stickyness with distributors and end-doors; on the other hand, it continues to push forward the “freezing” strategy by increasing the size and intensity of custom freezers at the terminal site and increasing the overall product product base.
In terms of marketing of multi-product products, companies will be active in opening up different distribution channels by customizing their marketing strategies in 2025. In addition to deep farming of offline channels, companies plan to continue to actively expand online and other emerging markets.
Read carefully the text and avoid liability and explore new marketing models, such as live sales, that can effectively increase the exposure of Dong Peng’s brand to a wider consumer group.
Meeting consumer demand for high-quality soft drinks in Indonesia and surrounding areas, ongoing profit forecasting and investment rating: company leaders in a solid energy beverage market during the reporting period, while accelerating the expansion of new products such as electrolytic beverages, sugar-free tea, large-packaged beverages, etc.
The synergies between the various products are significant, and the risks associated with the creation of comprehensive new products are not as high as expected: the risks of increased competition in the market: third-party data are available for this report. They are not subject to interference or influence by the relevant business sectors of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.
I am not interested in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended. I am not interested in this report.