The performance has continued to increase, with the expectation of product expansion and seaboard expansion - the Dopium Beverage (605499.sh) incident evaluation report, which was published on 7 March 2025 in the annual newspaper 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn has maintained a high performance and a continuous release of the scale effect.
Consumption scenes and crowds have expanded, with a rapid increase in the main harvest of EC$ 1330.04/2797 million, respectively, in 2024.
The view spreads to everyday events such as gymnastics, sleepovers, etc.; with the advantage of high value for money, sales/sales in 2024 were raised in the energy beverage market, and the electrolytic beverages were quickly released, while other beverages were strongly nurtured.
2 East Poon Beverage (605499): Rapid release of decomposition beverages since their launch, “Kind Point” field 3 for enhanced motor water recharge, East Poon Beverage (605499): Performance Master
The number of sales/sales on the market for electrolyte beverages has increased to a higher level than expected.
The tea consists of 2024-10, and the pre-arranged cocktail series, the coconut series pre-positioned in the city, and the curry series continues to grow.
In 2024, there was a significant increase in sales/direct camp/line channels, respectively. The company currently has 3,193 dealers and nearly 4 million.
Household terminals, superimposed digitally accumulated data assets and precision management, which are conducive to a greater variety of product and resource refinements. Subregionally, in 2024, large production bases outside the region increased the efficiency of the supply chain and nationalization continued to advance and achieve better results.
In addition, the company plans to move overseas with the South-East Asian market as anchor, plan and market shares at the port, thereby opening up the international market. We see that the company continues to raise its market share on the energy beverages main track, while at the same time increasing its market share.
The electrolytic water is continuing as a second-growth curve. The subsequent growth point is that the multi-producer co-development and overseas investment ratings are maintained on the basis of submersion and electrolytic water discharges.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected sales of eastern pontoon, less than expected during the season, less widespread new products, higher risk of cost, less expansion overseas than anticipated
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into the wine, is the sub-top white wine and soft drink plate, which is a palate, a fast-freeze and a real estate wine plate, in addition to a bottle of wine.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.