Research assistant : recently, the company's Water Rehydration has launched a new mini-rehydration series with 380ml, packaged
It's worth 300 ml*4 bottles of 10.9 dollars, and it's worth 300 ml*4 bottles of lemon; it's also worth fruit tea, and it's called "Team of fruit," and it's called "Team of fruit." It's called "Team of fruit." It's called lemon tea, honey, twilight of twilight and twilight of twilight. The final retail price is about $5.
In 2024, the company proposed the "full implementation of the 1+6 multi-grade strategy, with the main industry occupying the energy-drink landscape, and the second curve spreading thinking: rehydrating the location of the sweat site, re-exploitation through the value-for-money+ channel, and the rapid release of the new technology.
At present, the specifications cover 555ml general specifications, 1l large packaging, 380ml mini-prints, and the taste of the classic grapefruit has gradually expanded from a classic to a variety of lemons, peaches and twigs, looking at the channel. With the penetration rate rising, the second curve continues to grow to generate income gains.
According to the performance forecast, 2404 battalion received +27.8% of the median, over $6.01 billion of the sales collections, the first of the seasons, +62.8% of the total, and the balance of the statements is still strong. According to feedback from sources, the short-term rate of growth has fluctuated during the interlocking spring period.
However, during the festival, the company’s ad hoc activities were steadily advancing, real marketing performance was normal, and, taking into account the impact of the base and actual sales performance, 25q1 openings are expected to be successful. The expansion of overseas markets in 23 countries and regions around the world was beginning to yield results.
In September 2024, Kunming Production Base was announced as a joint venture between its own and self-financed company, Guangdong Dong Bing Beverage Ltd.
East Peng Beverage (605499): In 2024, Indonesian companies were set up, with an estimated total investment of no more than $200 million. We believe that the South-East Asian region is able to make a comment: 24 years of perfect graduation and growth.
There is ample space in the beverage market (the size of the energy beverages market in South-East Asia was $3.7 billion in 2023, compared to 13 per cent) and the cost of market education is low, the regulatory radius is relatively manageable, and companies are expected to enhance brand culture exports through localization of supply chains/organizations/products/markets, and in South-East Asia.
To gain a seat, improve international competitiveness, and further open up medium- and long-term development space. East Plum beverages (605499): three seasons before 2024  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: A recent announcement by a company that shareholders invest because of their own financial needs
Performance forecast: Business progression towards a reduction of the company's combined shares of not more than 71,689 million shares, i.e. 1.38 per cent of the company's total equity, in the form of a centralized competitive exchange and a large deal, with Director Lin not participating in this reduction.
We believe that this reduction has had a relatively small impact on production operations, and that the core management team remains relatively stable and confident. Corporate stock prices have fluctuated in recent times, but the underlying trends remain steady and take good action.
The medium- and long-term investment value of the new first-line beverage tap, the timing of the layout, the maintenance of 2024 - Figure 1: Rehydration” and the launch of the new mini-hydration series, figure 2: "Tea of fruit" fruit tea tea
Three major financial forecasting tables for beverages: Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.