The domestic refund broke down by $20 billion, and the proposed stock listing helped internationalize - the 2024 report and the planning of the Hong Kong stock listings were evaluated by $3.33 billion, or 63.1 per cent; the deduction of the non-repatriated net profit of $3.26 billion, or 74.5 per cent.
In addition, the company announced that it was planning to put its stock on the market. Liu Xin Xinjiang’s product competitiveness has become more evident; 2) the end-market is booming and the energy drink consumption is expanding.
Individual consumption has also increased; 3) web site development has continued to accelerate. Sub-groups, 2024 energy, cost dividend co-benefits and efficiency management, 24 years of significant increase in profitability. 2024 all benefited from: 1) continuous release of scale dividends; 2) fine management drives internal efficiency gains; 3) sugar,
The price of the pet bottle and the bulk of the material, such as the paper box, has fallen the same way. The sales cost rate, 24/24q4, is managed by scale effects and fine-tuning, respectively.
With a new round of growth, a vast space in South-East Asia and the Middle East, and a fast-growing energy and beverage industry in the local market, the company is expected to have a relatively deep 300-percent view of its mature market experience and supply chain capacity.
In terms of progress, the company had set up the Overseas Industries Department, announced the establishment of the Indonesian branch and base at the end of the month, and is now expected to take advantage of the advantages of overseas capital markets to accelerate internationalization.
Taking into account the accelerated pace of delivery and web-site development for the 25-year fiscal year, it is expected that the round-up spring returns will be catalyzed in advance of sales, and it is expected that 25q1 will continue the high trend; at the end of the cost, the price of pet/box/white sugar will remain on the downward trend and the cost end dividend will continue; and at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the rate of 25 years, there has been a steady increase in the rate of special drinking and rehydration,
The scenario continues to expand, and functional beverages, which are represented by energy drinks and sports drinks, are expected to continue to grow in quality, with companies having pre-existing advantages that are expected to benefit. In combination with short- and long-term dimensions, we believe that firm performance is scarce in certainty and growth, and that “recommended” ratings are maintained.
The company's evaluation of East Peng's beverages has been successful for 24 years, the company's evaluation of East Peng's beverages has increased its performance at a higher rate, and the market has been a core driving force.
Galactic Beverage, Inc., is slightly above 24q2 performance, and the forecast cap, H2 is still expected to increase.
I am committed to producing this report in an independent and objective manner and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Liu Guanghi, Master of Economics, joined the Institute of Human Security Securities in 2020, and the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-drink plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.), and is good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives. This report is made available to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.