24 successful year-round, 20 billion yuan in refunds — 2024 performance forecast.
Liu Xinjiang has benefited from: 1) greater competitiveness of the company ' s products in terms of quality versus consumption trends; 2) strong end-marketing, expansion of the energy-beverage consumption community (non-traditional blue collars) and increased individual consumption; 3) network of new fiscal years
The pace of point development continues to accelerate; 4) prior-period stock health leads to a positive end-of-the-year entry. Cost dividends add scale effects and efficiency management, with 24q4 expected to continue to increase profitability. Based on release; 2) digitally calibrated channel management, which drives internal efficiency gains; 3) channel leveraging
At the same time, the price of big raw materials, such as sugar, pet bottles, and paper boxes, has fallen. It is expected that early returns will create a catalyst for marketing, and 25q1 is expected to continue the upward trend; and cost ends, cut.
By mid-January, the price of the pet/cardbox/white sugar remained on a downward trend and the cost-end dividend was expected to continue; it rose at a relative depth of 300. In the long run, as consumer groups and consumption scenes continued to expand, energy beverages and sports beverages were used as energy beverages.
In combination with short- and long-term dimensions, we believe that firm performance is less certain and growing, and we maintain “recommended” 1.
Quick, patch the water up and show off.
[Galaxy Eating] The company evaluates a slightly higher ceiling of 24q2 performance, and h2 is still expected to increase. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Liu Xinjiang, Master of Economics, joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2020, and the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-drinking plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.), are good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.