The success of the multiplicity of products is further nationalized by the year 2024 review of East Peng's beverages, Wang Hye Lin.
In 2024, the company collected $13,304 million in core product energy, +28,49 per cent in comparison, 83.99 per cent in revenue, continuing the Yuan family job.
The Nilseniq data show that in 2024, the share of the country's energy-drinking market sold by Dong Pengt rose from 43.0 per cent in 2023 to 47.9 per cent and became the highest energy drink in our country for the fourth consecutive year; the share of the country's market sales rose from 30.9 per cent to 30.9 per cent.
The electrolytic beverages, the “dong punts,” achieved a collection of 1,495 million yuan, compared with 280.37%, and the main “deep” scene was extended to the “sweeper” scene of sports water recharge to form and original energy beverages.
The other beverages are collected at $1.023 billion, equal to +103.19 per cent, while the share is 6.46 per cent, maintaining a faster growth rate. Under the guidance of the strategy for the development of multiple products, the company has formed the energy and electrolytic beverage business, which is a double engine and covers tea.
Beverages, vegetable protein beverages, coffee beverages, fruit and vegetable juice beverages, and pre-arranged wine beverages, which form a comprehensive and balanced matrix of multi-product products. Nationalization is further advanced, and the channel layout continues to deepen.
Revenue from the industry was 4.36 billion yuan, compared to 15.93 per cent, and the share of revenues was 27.56 per cent. As the nationalization strategy moved forward, the share of the region outside the Guangdong gradually increased, with the national income of 9.10 billion yuan, compared to 49.57 per cent, and the share of revenues was 56.94 per cent.
By the end of 2024, the company had more than 3,000 mature distributors and nearly 4 million active terminals, creating a network of channels covering the entire country and deep down. At the same time, the company insisted on freezing.
The strategy is to build on traditional strengths, improve the efficiency of the end-point sales and boost the ability of individual outlets through fine-tuning operations, such as the deposit of freezers, and improve the performance of individual outlets. The production and distribution of energy is constantly improving, and the globalization strategy is moving forward.
The construction and commissioning of the Jiang and China Changsha production base and the continued promotion of Chinese production in northern Tianjin — 30 October 2024
Base construction, orderly completion of the regional layout, and supply of the building blocks for the construction of national channels and end-exploitation. New energy, accelerated nationalization. By the end of 2024, the company had launched a base with a design capacity of over 4.8 million tons per year.
Logistics costs have been continuously reduced and efficient production and marketing coordinated. At the same time, companies have been working to further increase the company's roll-out of all-line products and the pace of nationalization.
Capital strength and combined competitiveness, upgrading the corporate international brand image, meeting the company’s international business development needs, and deepening corporate globalization strategies, with H shares to be released and placed on the Hong Kong Federation’s main board.
Explore overseas markets, develop flexible localization strategies and market positioning, adapt product formulations and packagings to meet different global consumer demands. By the end of 2024, East Peng beverages had been exported to 25 countries and territories, including Viet Nam, Malaysia, the United States.
The company’s listing on Hong Kong’s main trading board is expected to continue to help the company expand its international market position and enhance its international competitiveness. In 2024, the company continued its strong growth momentum while continuing to plough the Guangdong market while actively expanding the country’s market.
On the ground, a diversified product matrix of “double engines + multi-products” has been initially constructed to upgrade the strategy from a single to an integrated drink group, with the cost of raw materials rising and the development of new products falling short of expectations as new products grow faster and become nationalized.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.