The growth has continued for 24 years, with two-engine-driven formations, national branding, corporate gross operating income/ business income/net profit/net profit deductions achieved in 2024
In 2024, EBC sales/sales were 47.9 per cent/34.9 per cent respectively, an increase of 4.9 pct/4 pct. The electrolytic drinks have been rehydrated since 2023.
On the market, the market was activated, and with a precise “quick fix” position, it succeeded in extending the consumption scene from the traditional “struck” scene to the “sweeper spot” scene, which was used for motor water recharge. According to Nelson, the recharge was sold 24 years ago at the market for electrolyte beverages.
The highest/lowest price in 52 weeks, two broad fundamentals of steady growth, and the fast-growing, weak market in southwest and central China.
North has been growing and sales are fast keeping pace. By region, 24 years of Guangdong/Waodong/China/Cangxi/Southwest/North China/Online/Heavy People and other income market movements have been different. Guangdong, as a base camp, continues to grow well through all channels + weak areas are heavy
Point-out resources: Guangxi has been better off after adjustment: North-west China and others have been improving their distribution systems, expanding their terminal points, strengthening their end displays and taking advantage of new consumption opportunities. According to the distribution channels, 2024 terminals have nearly 4 million businesses, with an increase of 17.6% in the same year.
Homes, +212, 7%, with Guangdong/Waodong/China/Cangxi/Southwest/North China/Heavy Point efficiency, while other regions continue to develop their clients. The company’s Māori and financial cost rates improved significantly in 2024, resulting in a sharp rise in net interest rates.
The price of pet, sugar and white is down; the improvement in financial cost is mainly due to interest income on the company's time deposits; there has also been a slight decrease in the cost of sales and management of companies with a scale effect. In 2024, the strategy of the “double engine plus multi-type” product matrix continued to overlap.
Upgraded. The brand-end company has continued its marketing support for sports, drivers, electric competitions, etc., and has increased its input to visual and visual ip. It has won the title of “the best partner in the marketing of the Paris Olympics of the Central Radio and Television Station” to further strengthen the national brand identity.
From the original “1+6” product strategy to the “double engine plus multi-grade” product strategy, energy-drinking and electrolytic beverages are used as “double engines”, while the product matrix covers tea beverages, plant proteins, proteins, coffee beverages, etc.
New forms of social media and attempts to bring goods live, etc., continue with the “freezing display” strategy, which, by the end of 24 years, had accumulated more than 300,000 freezers and continued to compete. Sea Island coconut products are distributed in catering channels as an extension of the company’s stock.
The digital side has begun to try to match production plans with market demand precisely by using a large national production-ai model, building data analysis and smart prediction models. The company plans to release h shares and put them on the Hong Kong exchange, helping to expand overseas.
Markets. To further enhance the capital strength and overall competitiveness of companies, enhance their international brand image, meet the international business development needs of companies, and further advance corporate globalization strategies, companies plan to issue h shares and place them on the Hong Kong Exchange, adding earlier corporate announcements to Hainan.
The development of Indonesia’s energy beverages market has been growing for many years, with a combined growth rate of 5.14% in 2010-2024, with a relatively fragmented concentration of 31.3% by cr3, a good entry point.
Innova market insight shows that the global energy beverage market in 2023 was about $400 billion, of which about $140 billion was in Asia, and there was huge space in overseas markets. The company had previously established the Overseas Department, and its products had been successfully exported to 25 countries, including Viet Nam, Malaysia, the United States.
And regions, companies will explore overseas markets more actively under the multiple initiatives described above, and we'll see how we can follow up on their overseas markets. • Investment advice and profit projections.
In 2025, the company continued to pursue its nationalization and “freezing” strategy, further upgrading its network of stocking and precision areas, maintaining a high-quality price position, building on two major engines, and promoting a large packaging strategy.
It is expected that the subsequent build-up of brand mind will generate sustained growth momentum for companies.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective, and fair.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.