The reasons for this report are: the semi-annual reviews, the transition period of the subsidy and the complete renewal of the vehicle pattern, and the continued high rate of revenue growth.
On August 22, 2019, \triangleright recorded steady growth in operating income and a significant increase in profits.
In the case of \triangleright, the company has maintained a relatively stable growth rate of 14.84 per cent over the same period. Operating gains of $1,789 million, or 82.45 per cent over the same period, have benefited from a decline in sales costs and financial costs, which have benefited from a decline in sales costs.
A breakdown shows that the overall Māori sales rate and net interest rates are stable, sales costs have declined, management costs have remained constant, and overall profits have increased as a result of increased car sales.
\triangleright highest/minimum in \triangleright year: the Division continues to increase its sales by a higher margin. On the one hand, it benefits from a full upgrade of the vehicle pattern and on the other.
On the other hand, there is a certain difference between the amount of the new energy subsidy for the first six months and the second six months, and there is a certain amount of the market value of the market share in circulationa (billions): In terms of market share, companies still maintain a market share of about 40%, well above the competitive right.
The model has been completely updated to promote higher sales. This year, six versions of Biade 1, Biadi \triangleright Tang, Tangdm6, Donev, Qinpro, new Sonmax, Songmaxdm,
The distribution cycle of the new car will lead to an increase in sales. The breakdown shows a larger increase in sales of Dondm, Wonev, Qinev, Songev, among them the net asset returns of Songmax, Wonev, e5, Tangdm (%):
In the first half of 2019, the company's mobile phone business received investment proposals: Biadi, as the leader of the new energy automobile industry, took the lead in the domestic market in the use of cars.
At the same time, the company has the advantage of a vertical industrial chain, with a 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, with batteries, electric power, charging facilities and whole-of-the-car technology, and a full-load of new energy vehicles.
In Beijing, there's a clear cost advantage in the number 28 China Sea Street, Peace Lissi Street, and a new energy bus, full product, excellent performance. In terms of technology, the centre is on the 7th floor.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. has also made major breakthroughs, particularly in the electric and electrical adjacent area, where Biadi has released the igbt 4.0 technology, leading the mainstream market product and becoming the absolute leader of the domestic electric and control adjacent area.
The Department has maintained a leading position in the industry in terms of technology and inspection over-occupancy rates, as subsidies in the first half of the year were higher than in the second half of the year, while sales in the first half of the year remained at a higher rate of increase and profit increased more than in the same year, taking into account the fall in subsidies in the second half of the year, which was higher than in the same period last year,
The profits have increased or declined in the second half of the year. On the night of 21 August, Biadi issued a performance report for the first half of 2019. During the reporting period, company operating income increased by $6,218.4 million, or 14.84 per cent, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 1,455 million yuan, or 203.61 per cent.
In the first half of 2019, the company maintained a more stable growth in revenue, with a 14.84 per cent increase over the same period. Operating profits of $1,789 million, an 82.45 per cent increase over the same period, benefited from a decline in sales costs and financial costs, and a more significant increase in profits. On the basis of this breakdown, the Māori sales rate and net interest rates as a whole were more stable, the cost of sales decreased, the management costs remained constant, and the overall increase in profits was derived from car sales.
Figure 5: Growth of operating income over time (%) 3. Production and sales have increased significantly, and new energy vehicles have performed well. According to company sales data for the last six months, companies have continued to increase their sales at a higher level.
On the other hand, the amount of the new energy subsidy for the first six months and the second six months was somewhat different, and there was a certain amount of diversion. In terms of market ownership, companies maintained a market share of about 40%, far higher than their competitors.
The six editions of Ditun fuel, the six editions of Tangdm, Tangev, Qinpro, the new Sonmax, Songmaxdm, Yuanev, 535, and so on, will lead to an increase in sales. A breakdown shows that Dondm, Yuanev, Qinev, and Songv sales increased significantly, with Songmax, Yuanev, e5, and Tangdm contributing the main sales.
5. The decline in profits in the mobile phone industry has resulted in a loss of overall profits, compared to the fact that Yadi, as the leader of the new-energy automobile industry, has the highest share in the domestic market and the second largest advantage in the new-energy bus market, while the company has the advantage of a vertical industrial chain, with batteries, electric power, chargers and whole-of-car technology, with the new-power-of-car cover.
Various types of vehicles and new energy passenger vehicles, with their full product, excellent performance and cost advantages. In terms of technology, Biadi has also gained a number of significant breakthroughs, particularly in the electric and electrical adjacent areas, where it has released the igbt 4.0 technology, which is ahead of the mainstream market and becomes a national power and control neighbourhood. Companies have maintained a leading position in the industry in terms of technology and inspection overoccupancy.
Because subsidies were higher in the first half of the year than in the second half of the year, sales in the first half of the year were maintained at a higher rate, with higher profits on a year-on-year basis, taking into account that the fall in subsidies in the second half was higher than in the same period last year, that profits increased or declined in the second half of the year, and that sales increased or declined in the second half of the year.
The report is presented independently and objectively. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, or for not having done so, as a result of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in the report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.