East Sea securities donghaisecurities : 2-quarter performance and ring-to-ring, plus project-plus software and hardware platform development
In the second half of 2025, the company realized its operating income of 2,881 million yuan (yoy+4347.82 per cent), a net profit on maternity of 1,038 million yuan (a gain on the same year) and a deduction from the net profit on maternity.
In the second quarter, a strong growth in net profit on the same round as return continued, mainly as a result of revenues generated by the massive release of corporate cloud line products. In the first half of 2025, the company ' s cloudy series of chips continued to produce, looking for data centres and so forth, and was used for diverse ai training and reasoning tasks, such as large models, with product and R & D capabilities at an internationally advanced level.
And the next 690 series is expected to continue to provide strong dynamic energy for corporate performance in the future. Corporate products are currently being scaled up and validated in a number of priority sectors, such as business, finance, connectivity, while a new generation of smart processors, microstructures and command sets, are being developed. At the software level, companies have also optimized their basic system software platforms.
With regard to training the software platform, support for the Deepseek, qwen, and Hunyuan models has been further expanded, with emphasis on optimizing the performance of the parallel aspects of communication computing and improving the overall absorption of the training of mixed expert models. In the area of enhanced learning, support for the mainstream enhanced learning framework and the qwen model has been added, with validation accuracy and integrity.
For the logic platform, following the early key breakthroughs of large-scale expert parallel optimization and single arithmetic optimization, further innovation has taken place in the near future, significantly reducing communication delays and increasing the efficiency of communication parallel calculation. The reasoning, represented by the large language model of Deepseek-r1-671b, has increased significantly, with performances.
The indicators are industry leaders. Open-source eco-impact has increased significantly. Companies have followed market demand closely, and, following the rapid roll-out of the DeepSeek model at the beginning of the year, they have achieved a full range of support on the day of the launch of qwen3, maintaining a technological forward-looking approach.
At the end of the first quarter of 2025, company inventories and advances remained stable at the end of the second quarter, and monetary and transactional funds were financed at the end of the second quarter.
Arithmetic backbone, hardware and software together with the dawn of the cold, 65 million yuan less, prepaid accounts of 828 million yuan (145 million dollars less ring) to meet performance in the next few quarters, reserve dynamics, and second-quarter corporate currency funds of 1,953 million yuan (a 1.301 billion more ring) and transactional financial assets.
The company’s proposal to raise $3.985 billion in additional funds to invest in the soft and hardware platform project is expected to provide a solid impetus for the growth of corporate research and development capabilities and product rotation. In the first half of the year, the company is expected to issue a share in a stock to a specific target, with a firm-up declaration due in July.
Not more than $3.985 billion, net of distribution costs, is proposed to be invested in the Large Model-oriented Chip Platform Project (total proposed investment of $2.9 billion), the Large Model-oriented Software Platform Project (total proposed investment of $1.6 billion) and supplementary capital flows. This target increase is expected to provide a solid financial base for corporate hardware and software research and development, a continuous iterative core technology plus
>In domestic and foreign policies and industry, the trend has been to increase the penetration rate of nationally produced cloud chips, and companies are expected to benefit fully from this wave as domestic ai-chip pioneers. On August 21, Deepseek released version v3.1 of the big model, which was adopted.
The hybrid reasoning structure, expanded to 128k in context, and announced the use of the parameter precision of the ue8m0fp8scale, which is a needle design for the next generation of home-grown chips that will be released. Moreover, although the present British Weddah 20 has been released, it is expected to continue to suffer from “backdoor” security problems, and the impact of British Wedge 20 and the imminent launch of a new b30a.
For the benefit of alternative logic, according to Trendforce, the share of Chinese home-grown chip suppliers in the domestic aiserver market rose to 40 per cent in 2025, and as large model applications deepened and arithmetic infrastructure was built, the dynamism of corporate performance growth was expected to continue.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.