Mid 2025 performance rating: 25h1th hectare with growth, research assistant Levin 7nm with advanced technology, product performance leading and cross-scenario capacity.
Physical design techniques under the advanced 7nm process have been successfully applied to multi-core chips such as Schematic 100, Schematic 220, Schematic 270, Symmetric 290, Schematic 370, and have significantly enhanced product performance. Products are not only typical of large model training and reasoning, intelligent visualization, speech processing, referral systems, etc.
It has also been able to scale up its deployment in a number of priority sectors, such as operators, finance, and the Internet, demonstrating strong market adaptive capacity and industry penetration. It has been able to build cloud edges, synthesizing ecosystems, and expand the market for adept applications.
In ecological terms, the training software platform continuously follows and supports the latest version of pytorch, which supports the integration of maps and algorithms.
In terms of the large model, the training software platform further expanded its support for the DeepSeek series, the qwen series, and the Hunyuan series, focusing on optimizing the performance of the parallel aspects of communication computing and improving it.
In the field of intensive learning, there has been an addition to the mainstream strengthening of the Qu (688256): 2024 Report Support for the Learning Framework and the qwen Model, which have been validated with accuracy and overall performance.
& 25q1 Quarterly Review: First-largest customer collects the same amount of money.
To apply a one-stop solution to a client with less deployment capacity, and to create a pole case in such settings as the Smart Mine, the Smart Factory, etc.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company is the leader of the domestic ai chip, and with the rapid growth of the ii chip market model, the company is expected to take over the market on the basis of the expanding product layout and ecological construction. We are based on a company performance announcement, based on the current trend of rapid growth in the company’s performance.
Three major financial forecasts for Xinuki-u. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.