The national production of the arithmetic, with a continued high performance of 2025 q2 \triangleright \
Significant growth in income and profits, with key indicators confirming the high performance of the ai chip. 1) High performance \triangleright long, showing profitability: in the first half of 2025, the company achieved operating income of 2,881 million yuan, a year-on-year increase
Billions of dollars, with profitability validated by the market. Forward-looking indicators like contractual liabilities, to some extent, confirm the high demand downstream of the company, which is filled with hand orders, and the high profile of the ai chip business is expected to continue.
The multi-area scale of the project continues to build core barriers to high R & D inputs. 1) Multi-sector application acquisition rules \triangleright
In the area of finance, companies not only support traditional ai-to-use, but also provide arithmetic support for the training and reasoning of large financial models; in the area of the Internet, corporate products already exist.
Scaled applications in core applications such as large models, multimodules, product interoperability and technological leadership were evaluated by a wide range of clients in a quarter of 025: performance over expectations, inventory key indicators.
On hardware, the company is actively developing a new generation of smart processor microstructures and instructions to optimize the training reasoning landscape for large models. On software, the basic system software platform continues to evolve, training software 2.
The Platform has supported a series of mainstream large models such as Deepseek, qwen and Hunyuan; the Logic Software Platform has assessed: a significant increase in single-quarter revenue and a significant increase in the reasoning of large language models such as Deepseek-r1-671b.
Investment recommendations: The company is the lead in the national production of a chip, actively developing a new generation of smart processors microstructures and assessments: ongoing research and development to lay the foundation for development, eco-promotion assistance, instruction set, promotion of smart chips and acceleration of cards in a number of priority sectors such as the Internet, operators, finance, energy, etc.
4. For the first time, typhoon-u (688256.sh) covered the report: pe should be 288x, 161x and 114x, respectively, maintaining the “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.