Life in China (601628): Three-quarterly review in 2017.
Incidents: 3-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2017, with net profits attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders in the first 3 quarters $26.830 billion, an increase of 98.3 per cent from the previous period, corresponding to 0.94 dollars per share; belonging to the parent company ' s shares, Ma Xiangyun
Increased investment + reserve replenishment + reduction in single-quarter payments, resulting in an outbreak of performance: 1) Total investment return achieved by the Crown Vikings in the first three quarters of the year was approximately $9.895 billion, an increase of 21.5 per cent over the previous quarter, compared with about the first half of the year
Floating and cashing are the main drivers of high performance growth. Since 2017, the stock market has been well-developed and the end of the insurance portfolio has benefited, and total investment returns are expected to provide a strong guarantee of faster performance. 2) In addition, third quarter payments of $38.28 billion have been made in the first quarter of the year and 19.1 per cent has been reduced while the scale of operations has increased.
And the negative impact of single-quarter replenishments on pre-tax profits fell to $4,598 million, a 41.1 per cent decline over the same period, which combined to push the net return profit for the third quarter to nearly 3.7 times the increase over the same period.
One billion yuan, an increase of 19.1 per cent over the same period, breaking the 100 billion dollar threshold for the first time; ten years and more for the first year of insurance; and an improvement in the structure of premiums, with first-year contributions accounting for 61.84 per cent of the first year of long-term insurance, an increase of 7.3 pc. of which the first-year contributions for the ten years and above account for the first-year premium.
Improvements have resulted in an end-of-cycle risk-marketing team of 16.35 million people, representing an increase of 9.4 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, and an increase of 36.94 per cent in the number of effective workers during the season, as well as an increase of 14.8 per cent in the average monthly performance of the silver-insurance channel insurance planners.
The annual rate of return on the maturity of the State debt continues to shock and is close to 3.78 per cent, with a projected 750-day moving average of the country's debt yield nearing the end of the downward trend, and the establishment of the turning point will further boost the release of profit on the life insurance account. In addition, considering the company's remaining margin balance at the end of the first half of the year, it is estimated that 57.688 billion yuan will be available, significantly exceeding the balance.
The market anticipates, and the premium for the new policy will continue to grow at a high rate, a high base that will strongly support the natural release of accounting profits for future years. (2) At the investment end, companies continue to increase the allocation of fixed-income assets over a long period of time, which is significant based on judgement of long-term downswings in future interest rates.
At the same time, companies are actively taking advantage of equity market opportunities to optimize warehouse structures (a significant return on high-quality assets such as blue-share and port shares) and are actively promoting alternative investment projects. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: in the short term, the company’s performance in the first three quarters was driven by returns on investment.
In the medium-to-long term, life-threatening high-growth cycles have opened as the largest-nbv growth in the country, with the remaining marginal margins precipitating.
Large life insurance companies expect a sustained and steady increase in their value in the future. Considering the increased competition in public insurance channels, 3) IPO 134 increases the premium rate and next year's opening-up sales of red products.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. already has a portfolio advisory committee.