Food and beverages in the old cellar of the state (000568), overperformance, growth and certainty, and South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
In the context of demand pressure and outbreak disturbances in the first half of the year, the company has pursued post-influenza market recovery and consumer development efforts, fully launched the 100-city plan, and the national market has been well-placed, with a reverse growth of high quality.
The rate of growth is comparable to that of the company as a whole, with low-class cellars growing brightly; medium-barrel features showing remarkable success, with projected growth of more than 30 per cent in the first half of the year, with a relatively smooth development of silos, highlighted by the two-wheel drive of the cellars and the cellars; and other wines achieving income of $1.18 billion, with a low base added to the black cap and recovery gains achieved.
Long. In the first half of the year, strong markets like south-west and north-east China were relatively less affected by the epidemic, and are expected to continue with steady growth: the second quarter was more affected by the epidemic, and recovery is expected in the second half of the year.
To 85.9 per cent, mainly from direct price increases and the upgrading of the low-end alcohol structure. In terms of cost rates, the sales rate fell by 2.3 to 10.4 per cent, mainly because of the accelerated release of the company ' s brand, lower channel promotion fees compared with the previous year, and the management rate remained essentially the same as in previous years, with a 1.8 percentage point decrease in the overall rate for the period.
The rate rises by 2.0 percentage points to 47.8% and profitability continues to rise. In cash flow, 22h1 cash returns of $15.90 billion, or +39.0%, net operating inflows of $15.46 billion, or +36.2%, and strong and sustained growth at the end of the second quarter.
The state cellars, special brands are constantly released, channels are on track, channel prices are stable, consumers are on track, and growth supermarket expectations are on track. 2, the outbreak is under effective control, end-marketing has improved since June; with demand gradually recovering, the company's growth dynamic has been strong for the second half of the year.
The company's continued focus on the development of the “two brands, three faculties, big monoliths” has led the state cellars to 1573 and Xiangzhou, where 1952 new items and black caps have steadily advanced the market; the company's high-end state cellars have grown steadily, and the brands of Xiangzhou continue to be released.
The growth and certainty of companies in a wheel-driven pattern will sustain high-quality growth. Dollars, 32 times, 25 times, and 20 times the equivalent.
3. Cemetery (000568), which leads to the upgrading of the structure and improvement of the recovery rate of governance (2021-09-27) No. No. No. of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or observations made in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.