An incident review report from the Xiangzhou Cemetery (000568.sz) The Xiangzhou Cemetery published its semi-annual report for 2022: 11,664 million dollars in Camp 2022h1 (with Sunss@cfsc.com.cn)
t), of which the sales cost rate of 2022q2 is 10.11 per cent (same as 2 pct) with reduced promotional input. 4 0.7 billion yuan net cash flow from 2022h1 operating activities (combined with the continued dynamism of the cellar, overall price-driven)
By product, $10372.1177 million was collected for high- and middle-grade alcohol/other alcohol, and the 100-city plan was fully launched.
Accelerating recovery with the first three (000568) incident evaluation reports: performance over-expected and continued upswing in the country ' s population
The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic is driving consumption, the cellars are growing less than expected, and so on.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.