In the second quarter, the negative performance grew brightly, with two brands driving the growth upwards, food beverages, white ginchuan, 2022q2 cellars performed brightly, cash flow and contractual liabilities performed well.
On the one hand, this is due to the firm’s strong brand and channel roots and improved product lines.
The Bureau, which has a strong demand for high-end wine cellars, a steady performance in prices and marketing, has achieved a recovery this year, low-end wine upgrades have been optimized, and the introduction of new products such as cellar 1952, Black cover and so forth in the second half of last year has contributed to the increase in sales; on the other hand, the May-June regional campaigns have been actively promoted.
The company’s 22h1 operating net cash flow is the same as +48.9% and the contract at the end of 22h1 is negative. The product structure continues to be optimized, with a slight increase in the grosser rate plus the rate and the reduction in the tax rate leading to an increase in net interest rates.
High-end alcohol/other liquor stores in 22h1 are estimated to have received $10.378 billion (+26.2%/+20.5%), gross is expected to have a slight decrease in the Māori ratio compared to the Māori ratio in the medium 22h1, its Chinese cellar is projected to increase by 20% + and medium-size wine is expected to increase by 30 to 40% +.
The increase in the price of goods has led to an increase in the Māori rate, with a greater impact on the volume of sales than a new one, and the black cap is still in the import period. 22h1 net interest rates are equal to +2.opt to 47.8 per cent, mainly: 1) the overall product structure is superior to the sales cost of 22h1 by 2.3 pct to 10.4 per cent, and the tax rate of 22h1 is equal to 1.7 pct.
In the short term, the company’s return has steadily advanced, the sales outlook for mid-autumn is optimistic, and the year’s goals are on track;
In the mid-to-long term, the cellar operates with a steady and robust growth (high state cellar prices balanced, low state cellars increased).
The momentum for medium-sized alcohol is moving towards good growth-led growth (the special is now in its release period, in the semi-annual review of the Cedars - 000568 - 2021: overperformance, high profit margin.
The power-incentive program is about to grow in the next two years, and team-driven growth will boost firm performance. Investment advice: Keeping in view the growth of middle-class alcohol, such as deep nationalization of the cellars and specials, companies are expected to grow in a virtuous and rapid manner, demonstrating their ability to adjust flexibly and to resist pressure on their performance.
The company's strong brand and channel-based and well-developed product line layout, the strong demand for high-end wine cellars, the steady performance of price plates and sales, the recovery of the middle-story and cellar age this year, the upgrading of the low-end wine, the optimization of the structure, and the introduction of new items such as the old cellar 1952, the black cover and so forth in the second half of last year contributed to an increase in sales;
On the one hand, in May-June, the regions actively promoted the war to catch up on consumption. The cash flow structure of corporate business 22h1 continued to optimize, with a small increase in the Māori rate plus a lower tax rate leading to a rise in net interest rates.
A slight change in the internal structure of the medium- and high-end wine has reduced its Māori ratio by a slight increase of 20 per cent + in the Chinese cellar and a similar increase of 22.5 per cent/+3.1 per cent in the medium- and high-grade alcohol prices (the price increases for the main products such as the state cellar and the specials have had a greater impact on the volume of sales since the end of last year, with the black caps still in the import period).
To 47.8 per cent, mainly: 1) the overall product structure optimized a slight increase in the Māori ratio of 22h1 by 0.3 pct to 85.9 per cent; 2) the impact of the epidemic on the cost of marketing by adding 2.3 pct to 10.4 per cent lower than the cost of selling 22h1 than the cost of selling 22h1 by 1.4 per cent, and the tax rate of 22h1 was equal to -1.7 pct.
In the short term, the company’s return is steadily advancing, the outlook for mid-autumn sales is optimistic, and the year-round targets are expected to be successfully met; in the medium and long term, the operation of the cellars is growing steadily and steadily (highly balanced in the price of the cellars and a gradual increase in the growth of the low cellars).
In addition, the equity incentive scheme is growing in the next two years, and a team-driven boost will boost firm performance.
Figure 3: Mäori rate of single-quarter sales in Xiangzhou (in %) Figure 4: Net interest rate of single-quarter sales in Xiangzhou (in %) Schedule: Financial forecast and valuation
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject