The 17-year report is on track and 18-year-old powered lithium discharge can be expected under the signature of Zhang Xing Māori, which continues to rise, with high R&D inputs leading to high management costs. 17-year net corporate profits.
The \diamond level was affected mainly by the increase in R & D inputs and equity incentives leading to a 70 per cent increase in management costs compared to the same ratio, with companies investing $233 million in R & D over 17 years, which was more than double the same rate, with a higher share of revenue.
The company ' s Māori rate has risen steadily in 17 years, despite the powered lithium price pressure, to 29.25 per cent. Non-recurring gains and losses are $134 million in investment gains from the sale of 898 per cent of McVell ' s equity, followed by equity-based accounting of investment returns.
The power cell is expected to release at an accelerated rate in 18 years of high-capacity, technological processes and installed capacity.The current capacity of the company ' s power cell is 7gwh, twice the size of 16 years; it is expected to reach 9gwh capacity in the first half of 2018.
For the first time, the top ten. Downstream customers have expanded to include passenger cars such as Nanjing Kinglong and Woo-tung passenger cars, and cars such as the Watai Car, Hebei Kei-jee, which are used as special batteries for the Yatsu, Motei-Thai Car, Land Boat, etc. Over 160 new energy cars have entered the promotional catalogue of the Ministry of Trade and Communications.
The company ' s Lithium ion battery business generated business revenue of $1.390 billion a year, an increase of 67.43 per cent over the same year. Over 30 per cent of the new energy vehicle-powered lithium battery load is expected to increase in 18 years, and the capacity of the company ' s power cell is expected to increase significantly, with an increase in revenue of over 80 per cent.
Lithium primary batteries are growing rapidly on the basis of steady growth. Lithium primary battery operations are generating revenues of 1,091 million yuan, an increase of 40.60 per cent over the same period the previous year, mainly as a result of high-speed developments in the need for networking of goods and fruente.
Should. Over the next three years, the demand for lithium, primary batteries in the fields of smart meters, smart traffic, smart security, health care, etc. will continue to grow, the company will accelerate the layout in the field of military engineering, the future lithium primary battery industry, the billion-latitude lithium energy reported as having outperformed, the three-dollar lithium electricity.
It is hoped that growth will be sustained. Quality resource integration, strong alliances to improve competitiveness, technological innovation to ensure company growth.
The energy strategy collaborates on the creation of an “intellectually distributed storage” system and the construction of a 1gwh storage energy project; in cooperation with the Blue Microenergy Strategy, the power system integration capacity has been developed in the field of core and battery management systems: 20,000 tons of electrolyte and 50,000 tons of semiconductor chemicals have been expanded from a joint venture with the State of New Zeus.
\diamond \diamond "Billions of Altitude Lithium Energy - Middle Reported Overperformance, Three Dollars of Lithium Power Newly Expeditioned"
Billions of Altitude Lithium Energy - High Growth Time for Power Batteries, Large Space for Electronic Smoking Alternatives