We believe that the company’s lithium primary battery business is growing steadily, and that the lithium ion cell business provides a performance margin. Watch the company’s future development and maintain its rating increase.
Annual reports meet expectations and forecast a steady increase in quarterly reports: companies publish annual reports in 2017, yielding operating income of 2,982 million yuan, an increase of 27,46 per cent over the previous year, and net return returns of 403 million yuan, an increase of 60.18 per cent over the same period. At the same time, companies forecast a net return profit in the first quarter of 2018.
Lithium primary batteries and lithium ion batteries co-exist, and Macwell contributes high investment earnings: in 2017, the company Lithium ion cell business achieved operating revenue of $1.390 billion, an increase of 68.43 per cent over the same period, mainly benefiting from high growth in power cells and consumer batteries; and lithium primary battery business generated operating income of $1,091 million.
The dollar, which increased by 40.60 per cent on a year-on-year basis, provided stable cash flow support for the development of the company; and the McWair industry, which grew high, was included in the consolidated statement in the first half of the year and contributed $26,199,300 in net profits to the company, with the company transferring its equity to generate an investment return of $134 million in July-December.
The rapid expansion of power cell capacity is expected to enter the mainstream vehicle supply chain: the company has built 7gwh power cell capacity and is expected to expand to 9gwh in the first half of 2018.
The company ' s power cell load was 0.82gwhh in 2017, with the city accounting for 5%, and the domestic market ranked sixth. The company ' s new energy bus customers include, inter alia, Nanjing Kinlong, Woo-tung and Middle-Truck, and its exclusive customers include, among others, Chengdu Ya-jun, Motae, Dao-Tai, Dong Feng, etc.
Bulk supply capacity. The company’s use of the three-dollar soft bag in the passenger car market has already gained 1gwh capacity and is active in opening the market and is expected to enter the mainstream vehicle supply chain with less demand for new energy vehicles than expected; and the company’s strategic customer imports are not as fast as expected.
At the market price of 21 March 2018, Lithium Million Latitude: Power Battery Rapid Release, Three Quarterly Report, Silver and Silver International Securities Co. Ltd.
Emergence of lithium primary and lithium ion batteries with expected growth in performance
The annual report was consistent with expectations, with a steady growth forecast for the first quarter of the year. The company published its annual report for 2017, which achieved operating income of 2,982 million yuan, an increase of 27.46 per cent over the reporting period, a net return of 403 million yuan, an increase of 60.18 per cent over the same period, and the company's performance was as expected.
This represents an increase of 11.63 per cent, an increase of 54.81 per cent in the ring, a decrease of 13.78 per cent and a decline of 11.45 per cent in the return margin. The main reason for the departures in the fourth quarter from the net profit on corporate collections and returns is an increase in management fees of $38.17 million in the amortization of equity incentive costs, resulting in a decline in the net profit on return in the fourth quarter.
Figure 2. Quarterly operating income and net profit on parentage in 2017 — same rate of growth (right axis) Lithium primary batteries and lithium ion batteries co-exist, with McVeil contributing high investment returns
According to the branch, the company ' s lithium ion cell business in 2017 generated business income of $1.39 billion, an increase of 68.43% over the same period, mainly because of the company ' s combined power of lithium ion power cells, consumer cells, and storage cells. In the case of power cells, the company actively opened the market in 2017, with more than 160 catalogue models, and began to deliver bulk supplies to mainstream large customers, such as Nanjing Kinglong and Zhengzhou Wootung, power cell industries.
The consumer battery is the company ' s base for lithium ion batteries, whose share in the electronic fogizer application, smart wear product detail market increased rapidly in 2017 to achieve a double increase in operating income and net profits; the company ' s energy cell operation was first successful, with major breakthroughs in order to obtain bulk orders at both the domestic and international markets, with high performance growth. The company ' s Lithium ion battery operation was Māori in 2017.
22.16 per cent, roughly equal to the previous year, and the profitability remained stable. In 2017, the company ' s lithium primary battery business generated an operating income of $1,091 million, an increase of 40.60 per cent over the previous year, mainly as a result of increased demand for batteries as a result of the rapid development of needs such as shared bicycles, smart security, environmental monitoring and e-Call, and the company goods network market business and last year ' s increase in demand for batteries.
During the same period, a doubling of growth was achieved; the second company was well established in the domestic smart watch market and actively developed international markets, won major orders from major clients in the industry, and recorded steady growth in smart watch revenue; the company consolidated the Furant newspaper from the fourth quarter of 2017, and contributed $39.36 million in business income in 2017, driving the growth in lithium primary battery operations.
39.70 per cent, an increase of 3.47 percentage points in the same year, with a steady increase in profitability.
Lithium primary batteries were removed from the consolidated statements in late 2017 and accounted for on the basis of long-term equity investments. McVell’s performance in 2017 grew at a high rate, generating business income of $1,566 million and net profits of $220 million for the year, with net profits of $55.17 million for the first half of the year.
The net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amount to $26,199.3 million, contributing to the company’s performance. The company’s transfer of 8.98 per cent of McVell’s equity generated investment returns of $134 million, and increased investment returns of $59.78 million in 2007–December based on equity accounting performance, totalling $194 million. It is expected that McKwell’s performance will continue to grow at a high rate and contribute to the company’s continued investment returns.
Figure 5. Changes in the former McVell equity structure 17.03 per cent of the company ' s current cost in 2017, an increase of 4.6 percentage points over the same period, with sales cost of 3.78 per cent, which is essentially the same as in the previous year, and management of 66.76 per cent of the management costs; in addition, the amortization of equity incentive costs has resulted in increased management costs; and financial cost of 1.54 per cent, which is the same as in the previous year.
The increase of 1.46 percentage points is due mainly to the increase in interest costs incurred by borrowing and exchange rate gains and losses, the rapid expansion of capacity, leading the market, the rapid expansion of power cell capacity and the continued growth of installed capacity
Compatibility of three-triple cylinder batteries, one-gwh soft-pack cell capacity, totalling 7gwh, is expected to be completed in the first half of 2018 with 1gwh square phosphate, iron lithium and 1gwh square capacity. The company’s capacity has expanded rapidly and has entered the first echelon of the domestic power cell industry. The company recognizes that different types of batteries have advantages in the markets of passenger vehicles, passenger cars, specialized cars, and storage energy, and therefore has various technical routes to reduce wind.
The expansion of the company’s capacity has eased the bottlenecks of insufficient capacity, and the market share has started to rise rapidly. According to high-tech lithium electricity, the company’s capacity in 2017 was about 0.82gwh, the city’s share was 5%, the domestic market ranked 6th, and the market for new energy buses and special vehicles was excellent.
The company’s clients are still predominantly new-energy passenger vehicles and special-purpose car companies, with fewer cars. The bus customers include major bus companies such as Nanjing Kinglong, Woo-tung passenger cars, medium passenger cars, east wind vehicles, and Chinese medium cars, of which the company signed a war with Nanjing Kinlong in January 2017.
(a) A minor cooperation agreement to purchase 100 million yuan in power cells from the company in 2017, which has created a power cell bulk supply capability and has been recognized by mainstream customers; special car customers include, inter alia, Chengdu Arjun, Motae, Land Cruiser, East Wind, Long Air and Guangxi Tamchae, and a rapid increase in the output of specialized car batteries in 2017, which has led to the growth of the company ' s lithium ion battery operations;
Car customers include, inter alia, the Watertair, Hebei Keiji, Gangnam and Chang An vehicles, which in the future will be the main source of growth for new power vehicles, and the company’s view of the use of three-dollar soft-packed batteries in the pure electric passenger vehicle market, which now has 1 gwh capacity, laying the foundation for companies to enter the mainstream vehicle supply chain.
Figure 10.2017 Market share of new energy vehicle load, Figure 11.2017 Market share of new energy passenger vehicle load, Figure 12.2017 Market share of new energy special-purpose vehicle battery loader
Micro-magnetic, Chinese lithium, solid.
Silver Dragon of the Pearl Sea, Gokko of the Kingdom, Watma.
In the Ninder era, Biadey acquired Hyeju Goldmanium and helped to expand the consumer battery.
On 29 December 2017, the company issued a circular stating that on 28 December 2017 it had signed an agreement with the tcl group and Tekli on the transfer of shares in Hyestate Gold Capable Battery Company Ltd. to complete the replenishment of the tcl group, Tekkole Power Company and to use the full amount of the replenishment to repay long-term loans to creditors such as the tcl group and Takli to purchase 100 per cent of the equity in gold-capable batteries at $73.59 million.
Golden Energy was founded in January 1999 as one of the first professional companies in the country to engage in the development, manufacture, and sale of lithium ion cores of polymers. In the consumption of electron lithium ion batteries, years of development have gone by, production capacity has been strong, and there is a certain level of production capacity and a better customer base.
Because the tcl group is moving away from non-core business, focusing on the change plans of the dominant industry, and the tcl company, the gold company, is a non-core business, owing to insufficient orders and high operating costs, resulting in a loss of operations. The company buys gold-energy batteries, which are conducive to expanding the capacity of consumer batteries to produce, improving delivery capacity, meeting the growing demand for consumer battery markets, and generating stronger agreements in the R & D and supply chains.
Together with the New Zeus state, reducing battery costs. On March 6, 2018, Lithium billion was able to issue an announcement to co-finance the establishment of the New Zeus State Battery Materials Company Ltd.
The capital company is registered with a capital of RMB 100 million, of which the company contributes RMB 20 million, or 20% of the total registered capital. The joint venture plans to build a project to produce 20,000 tons of lithium ion cell electrolyte and 50,000 tons of semiconductor chemicals, with an estimated investment of 350 million yuan; the project will be implemented in two phases, one of which is expected to invest 250 million yuan in the construction of 10,000 tons of electrolyte and 20,000 tons of semiconductor chemicals and two 10,000 tons of electrolyte.
And 30,000 tons of semiconductor chemicals start building, depending on the market. By working with New Zeus, Lithium is able to achieve near supply of electrolyte, reduce the cost of purchasing and transporting the company’s raw materials, and develop new products and technologies together, laying the foundation for the company’s future development.