The result is that the lithium battery business is growing in size, and once in a season, the 4q battalion is growing at a high rate, but subject to the cost of equity incentives, and the net profit margin is slightly lower.
Slipper: Four quarters of the year, combined with a revenue of $995 million from corporate power cells, an increase of 11.6 per cent over the same period, is largely in line with expectations. The contribution of lithium primary battery level McVell is stable, mainly due to a similar growth in lithium batteries.
Batteries multi-tech route layout, products Construction in parallel with customer outreach 2017-4 a quarter evaluation, power cells
Production capacity climbs on the slopes, with power-type lithium batteries contributing close to 900 million and storage batteries contributing less than 100 million. Corporate lithium batteries as a whole are 22.16% Māori, a slight decline from 2016, at the industry average.
The company's annual installed power is 0.77gwh, with a low stock level, and the company's main appliance is the Nanjing Golden Dragon, the Huatai Motel, the Chengdu Yajun, Hebei Kitai, and the model is dominated by special vehicles, a00 class passenger cars and buses. Lithium primary battery operations are growing faster and profit levels are increasing further: the company is the Lithium Field Batteries Dragon.
In 2017, operating income was 1,091 million yuan, an increase of 40.60 per cent over the previous year, benefiting mainly from the development of shared bicycles and smart security, while the market synergies of the merger and purchase of Fau Ante were initially apparent, with $136 million being collected in 2017, and $390 million in operating income for the fourth quarter.
The Māori rate was 39.7 per cent, an increase of 3.5 percentage points in the same year, and McVell achieved a net profit of 55.17 million in the year, with a combined statement of 26.2 million. The second half of the year was $165 million, which contributed to the company ' s investment return of 60 million. In 2017, the company transferred 898 per cent of McWear ' s equity and acquired it.
1.22 Net profits, accounting for 28 per cent of the total net profits of the company, are still held by the company after the transfer of 38.51 per cent of McVell ' s shares, and it is expected that the company will also transfer a portion of McVal ' s shares in 2018.  Significant increases in the company ' s cost rate in 2017, totalling $507 million for three fees, representing an increase of 74.01 per cent over the same period.
Of this amount, sales costs of $113 million, representing a 34 per cent increase in the same year, were mainly due to the increase in market promotion costs; management of external equity incentives ($38 million) also resulted in an increase in management costs; and financial costs of $46 million, representing an increase of 1796 per cent in the same year, mainly due to interest expenditures incurred as a result of increased borrowing.
Mainly due to power cell reserve; receivables, 1,286 million, an increase of 56 per cent over the same period; accounts receivable, 155 days in turnaround; company advances, 0.34 million at the end of the period, a decrease of 29 per cent over the same period. Operating equivalents decreased by 277 million, a decrease of 564 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the transfer of control over McWall.
Lithium cells contribute a stable profit, power lithium cell capacity is released, and it is to be expected that the higher growth will be sustained. We expect that lithium primary batteries will benefit from increased demand in 2018 in the fields of smart meters, ecalll, medical care, etc.
At about 20% of the growth rate, and after the acquisition of Fau Ante, the company’s product coverage is full and the city’s share is expected to increase further. With regard to power batteries, the company has developed 9gwh capacity and has entered the supply chain of Nanking Golden Dragon, Shaanxi Tong, Changan Hebei, Huatai, Dong Feng, Ya-jun, Da-tae, etc., with a soft stack of 1gwh
We believe that power cells are expected to maintain a high growth rate in 2018, thanks to the company’s management level and the accumulation of technology in the power sector. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Stock Company Limited has a portfolio investment advisory.