Lithium primary battery taps, concerned with the subsequent growth of the power lithium expansion after childbirth, 403 million yuan, a 60.18 per cent increase over the same period. At the same time, the company announced that in the first quarter of 2018, lithium primary batteries returned to high-speed growth, benefiting more than the Fountain side-event factor.
In 2017, there was a 3.47 pct. up from 16 years. In the area of traditional smart-watching, the company was able to account for the decline in demand by expanding the international market.
The overall sales in the area of numeracy have grown steadily. The company is now the main supplier of batteries in the domestic market for bicycles, gps location tracking and e-Call, and, driven by the growing demand for the Internet market, in 2017, the company's lithium.
The sales of the original batteries in the field of networking achieved a high rate of growth of over 100%. In addition to stock price performance (the last year), the company completed 51% of the Lithium original battery manufacturer, Fau Ant, on 30 September 2017.
In 2017, Foonette earned 135 million yuan, a record high, and the company actually collected 39.36 million yuan. In our view, with the rapid increase in the demand for equipment on the Federation network and the year-round convergence of Foonette, the company's lithium original battery in 2018,
In 2017, the company generated 13.9 million yuan in operating revenue, an increase of 67.43 per cent in the same year, and a decrease of 22.16 per cent in the Māori rate.
7gwh, including 3.5gwh for three-dimensional cylinders (186550, 217000), 2.5gwh for diphosphate and 1gwh for a three-dimensional battery. There are also 2gwh square tri-cell capacity expected to be available in the first half of this year.
According to the company, in 2017, the amount of lithium power installed was 0.82gwh, or about 5 per cent in the city; 2.36gwh was added in January-February 2018, and 1.04gwhh was added in February, with square batteries accounting for 77.07 per cent of the volume of lithium installed in the cylinder.
13.25%, and 9.68%, of the soft-pack batteries. According to the data from the gross lithium study, there is still a big gap between the first and second-ranking catl (1.2gwh) and Biadi (258.4 mwh). We believe that the company is now able to complete its construction, but with it.
With the gradual fragmentation of the market pattern of the powered lithium, the company has increased its downstream client base, and to date it has become an important supplier of customers such as Nanjing Kinglong and Zhengzhou Woo-tung passenger cars, and has started to deliver in bulk.
A one-time income of 8.98% of shares transferred to McVeil, 17 years of non-repatriation net profit increased by only 17.23%, and expected continued high growth of lithium primary batteries and a subsequent growth in the post-partum expansion of lithium. To support the electronic smoke company McVell,
On the market, the company reduced McWear’s equity from 47.49% to 38.51%, leaving the list. McWear’s current performance continues to grow rapidly, and the company’s equity investment in McWear will be accounted for by equity, with net profits recorded in public terms in proportion to equity.
In 2017, the company's net return profit after deducting non-recurring gains and losses, the pull from the demand for lithium primary batteries and the actual profit forecast following the expansion of the powered lithium production capacity: taking into account the return of high growth in the company's lithium primary battery business, the power of lithium power.
The premise that the volume of goods is expected to end the rapid increase with the expansion of production capacity is that we predict the public and the expected; that the rate of gross domestic product (GDP) powered lithium has fallen further; and that McVell's equity-based accounting has contributed less than expected to the company's performance.
Pan Young-Long: Nine years of experience in securities research at Xiamen University, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, mainly in research and follow-up areas: the new energy sector for electrical equipment, and the non-monetary financial sector. The report was produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.