Gold production in Shandong (600547), non-ferrous gold production, high elastic performance in 2019, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company achieved operating income of 54.788 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 7.34 per cent in the same year; achieved net profit of 876 million yuan for the mother, a decrease of 23.01 per cent in the same year; achieved net profit of 887 million yuan, a decrease in the same year of 10 shares for all shareholders.
The Hong Kong Federation Board has been placed on the market to create a “a+h” capital market. Performance interpretation: the company’s mineral gold production is largely in line with the business plan for the beginning of the year (39.86 tons of home-grown gold), but net profits are lower than expected, mainly due to three factors: 1) the average gold price was equal in 2018
The decline is about 1.6%; 2) Although the domestic mineral grade has risen from 0.05g/t to 2.28g/t, the mineral grade has fallen from 0.15g/t to 0.85g/t abroad, lowering the overall grade. The company’s mineral gold unit sold the metal price forecast in 2019: the global liquidity marginal easing has been favourable to the price of bulk commodities; and the United States has seen the price increase fall from 0.15g/t to 0.85g/t.
The economy accumulated in 2019, opening up the price of gold. In 2019, net return profits are expected to remain at a compound rate of 29.73% for the next three years. Given that the company is a pure gold leader, the price of gold has a high performance elasticity and is valued at 75 times the value of 2019.
Tandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd. is a large listed company that collects, selects, and smelts together, and is based on the exploitation and exploitation of gold mineral resources. Products include mineral gold, out-of-pocket gold and small gold bars. The company, as a large State-owned backbone, is among the leading players in the gold industry in the country, in terms of gold production, resource reserves, economic efficiency, science and technology, and talent.
The company is firmly based on the concept of “resources first” and is actively engaged in resource mergers and acquisitions from within, in line with the principle of “in-country exploration and out-sourcing”. There are a number of high-quality mines under the company's flag, with the three islands of gold, the Kaji gold mine, the New City gold mine and the Linglong gold mine listed for many years in a row as “China's gold production ten big mines”: in 2017, the company also acquired Baric gold company.
The company’s internationalization process speeded up and rapidly expanded its reserves of mineral resources. The master board went on the market, accelerated the “go-out” and completed the “a+h” capital layout. The company’s shareholders were Shandong.
The gold group, which is effectively controlled by the Shandong Provincial State Finance Committee, has a stable equity structure.2 The company ' s performance: the company ' s main business product, which operates a robust and flexible gold mark, consists of mineral gold, out-of-pocket gold and small gold bars.
Standard gold is then sold to the Shanghai Gold Exchange; out-of-pocket gold is purchased by companies from the gold market for non-standard gold and refined to be sold to the gold establishment: Small gold is sold to banks after companies have purchased standard gold from the gold ... processed into small gold bars, and small gold products are sold using the “Taisan medal”.
Data for 2018 show that the company ' s revenues from mineral gold were only 19.3%, but that it had reached about 95% of the composition of the business, so that changes in mineral gold sales and in the Maori rate were the most significant influences on the company ' s profits. The company produced 39.32 tons of mineral gold in 2018.
Deloitte (50% share) also shows an increase in production. Belladro produced 6.49 tons in 2017, compared with a decline of about 1.6% in the average gold value in 2018 and a decline of about 2% in the unit price (excluding taxes) of the company's mineral gold sales; 2) the company's national mineral origin level was 2.28g/t, an increase of 0.05g/t in the same year; however, the foreign mineral origin level was
As a result of this decline, the cost of selling the company's mineral gold unit was raised to $153.84/g (+0.89 per cent); overall, the company's operating income increased steadily in 2016-2018, and the net return to the mother, although the net profit, declined, the annual report of the gold company as a whole showed that in 2019, the Belladro gold mining programme produced 23 to 250,000 ounces of gold (50 per cent equity), converted.
Coming here is 7.40-8.04 tons, a decrease of 0.62-1.26 tons from the same year, and the decline in production is due to a decline in grade levels. In the company’s own country, mineral gold production will remain stable. The elasticity of company performance in 2019 will come from the rise in gold prices.
The price of comex gold has risen 8.4% since last quarter, analysing the main logic of this round of gold price increases 1) the release of global liquidity margins. First, China’s market is now a “double” pattern of broad currency and broad credit: from overseas markets, the United States last year released a more explicit sign of marginal easing, and the release of liquidity began last year.
The second half of the year. The American side has also been talking about the release of pigeons, and the Federal Reserve meeting in March suggests 2019.