The raise in gold prices will release the company's performance.
The dollar, a 7.34 per cent increase, realizes a net profit of 876 million won attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, which is associated with an increase in the cost of services and an increase in the cost of overseas mines. In addition, the company intends to transfer four shares per 10 shares to all shareholders.
The company ' s mineral gold is largely in line with expectations, but there have been variations in gold taste: the company contributed 22 per cent of its external production in 2018, the company ' s gold production accounted for 11,37 per cent of the country ' s total mineral gold supply, and the company ' s increased gold production was contributed by the table (8.95 tons) of the Beladro gold mine in 2018.
Total equity/flowa shares (millions) grams/tons, while the taste of raw minerals abroad fell to 0.85 grams/tons, implying an increase in the cost of offshore mines.
The company ' s sales cost of the Belladro gold mine q4 increased by 24.8% to $1352 per ounce, taking into account the average growth in production costs of the world ' s major gold companies in 2018, which averaged between $4.5 and $932 per ounce, and the cost of production of the Belladro gold mine.
The main reasons for the sharp rise in the cost of the Belladro gold mine are lower ore taste, higher depreciation costs, and higher production costs. But the sale costs of the Belladro gold mine are expected to fall slightly in 2019, remaining at $1250-1350 per ounce.
▪ Increases in financial costs and significant increases in receivables: the company increased its financial costs by 58.3 per cent in 2018 to $792 million (of which interest expenditures and exchange losses generated about $250 million and $116 million, respectively), mainly because of the company's 50 per cent interest acquisition in the Belladro gold mine
In addition, the parent company mas, which is affected by 12% of the Argentine export tax, produces billions of dollars in Argentina, and short-term borrowings have increased by 3.6 to 3,623 million because of the increase in financing. Despite the company’s lack of access to the company’s gold reserves and production, the company’s gold and metal reserves are at the forefront of the country: 1024.3 tons of the company’s gold and metal reserves.
(36130 thousand ounces) and has 30 national gold prospecting rights, second in the country; the company produces nearly 40 tons of mineral gold per year, ranking first in the country. Taking into account the expansion of the company's three mountain islands gold mine by 8,000 tons per day, the expansion of the Kaji gold mine by 6,000 tons, the construction of the new city gold mine by 8,000 tons per day, and the technological changes in the Linglong gold mine.
The company is expected to produce 50 tons of gold per year by the end of the 13th century 2020. The company’s gold target in 2019 is at least 37.87 tons, and the mining volume of the Belladro gold against the company’s mining base is estimated to be less than 37.87 tons.
The gold price hub raises the performance of beneficial companies: the 2019 gold price hub has a further up-to-date dynamic. Financial downward pressure on the dollar and the expected downside of the US debt are emerging.
The need to avoid basic gold is gradually being repaired, and the extremes of a concentration of gold on the capital are difficult to recreate, meaning that the gold price hub will rise gradually in 2019. We have prepared a rough comparison between the changes in gold prices and the net gains of the company, and we have found that a 1% change in the price of gold will generate a net gain for the company.
1.68 per cent of the disturbance indicates that the rise in gold prices will provide substantial support for the release of the company's performance.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. Information year 2014-million: "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts are Accurate Third in the Real Estate Industry." Research Assistant for Investment in Sky-Eye Real Estate Industry today, 2016.
Nine years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment, and team management, served as Chief Executive Officer of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Board and Head of the Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group; and as Investment Manager of the Invincing Young Fong Donghing Asset Management Programme.
Silver and Copper in Multimedia: Three prizes from the Dalian Commodity Futures Exchange for the marketing of soybean futures, and Sino-Kin shares for the marketing of soybeans. Author of contracts for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Paper, Futures Weather. 2018. Analyst's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, or will not be, specifically recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.