Events: Shandong gold published its annual report in 2018, generating operating income of $5.478 billion, an increase of 7.34 per cent over the same period: net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $876 million Shandong gold (600.547.sh)
Higher production led to a decline in the combined Māori rate. In 2018, the average domestic gold price was 271 yuan/g, a 1.6 per cent decline in the same year, while prices fell, the growth in corporate revenues benefited mainly from changes in mineral gold production. In 2018, company mineral production increased by 9.57 per cent to 39.32 tons in the same year, including 0.05 grams per ton of domestic mine production, and higher costs and lower grade in overseas mines led to an increase in the cost of grammes. In 2018, company mineral production costs were $153.94/g, same-year.
2 per cent growth, 42.78 per cent increase in mineral gold, 1.7 per cent decrease in year-on-year, 8.65 per cent decrease in total Maori, 0.35 per cent decrease in year-on-year growth, negative tax increases and financial cost increases have delayed performance. Corporate turnover tax and surcharges increased by $123 million in 2018, mainly due to joint venture mas \triangleright
The company’s share of H M&As is expected to increase production. The company’s share of h was successfully released in 2018, providing a platform for overseas financing and facilitating overseas M&A projects. According to the company’s annual report, the company will focus on minerals such as “gold, copper, zinc, silver” and will actively promote high-quality production and acquisitions in overseas areas, with a view to reaching 50 tons (37.87 tons in 2019) of mineral gold production at the end of the “10-35” period.
According to the Federal Reserve’s most recent summary, the scale will be closed by September 2019 and the forecast of economic growth for 2019-2020 will be revised downwards; According to the latest Federal Fund interest rate futures transactions, the Fed’s probability of reducing interest rates in 2019 is increasing, depending on the price of gold under the Fed’s dove policy.
Risk factors: the Fed continues to raise interest rates; the dollar index rebounds; large fluctuations in gold prices; production below expectations; and sudden-onset impacts such as safety and environmental protection.
In July 2018, China Mining University (Beijing) joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research on building materials.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.