New Olympic shares (600803.sh) event: On the evening of 26 March, the company issued an annual performance announcement for 2024, and special benefits were realized throughout 2024 in the context of a special programme.
The company’s retail gas business grew steadily in 2024, and the decline in core profits was largely driven by the shrinking profitability of the overseas lang trade.
1) Retail gas: Retail gas has grown steadily, and business gas has grown faster. In 2024, companies grew by 5.1 per cent from year to year, accounting for 78.2 per cent of gas retail gas from year to year. Retail sales to residential users by companies have increased by 2.7 per cent from year to year by 7.38 billion.
Marketized gas source prices are expected to decline further in 2-3 years, downstream surplus is expected to continue, public 2) platform gas: platform gas growth has declined, receiving station turnover has improved significantly. In 2024, the current platform trade volume was 1,506 million, representing an increase of 9.2 per cent.
On the receiving side, the company ' s 24.22 million tons in 2024, or 50.8% in the same year, were treated at the receiving stations.
During the year, the company completed construction and became operational with a total of 60 project sizes, with a total of 356 items, with a cumulative installed capacity of 13.3gw through investment and hosting.
A total of 41,577 million kwh worth of general energy sales for heat, electricity, steam, etc., an increase of 19.8 per cent over the same period.
On the evening of March 26, New Olympic shares announced plans for major asset purchases and related transactions. New Olympic energy plan shareholders will receive new shares in New Olympic shares and new Hong Kong.
Cash payments are offered as a value-for-privatization exchange rate of 1:2.9427, and the cash payments of the new HK$ 24.50/share in Hong Kong are expected to be better synergized for each planned shareholder.
The advantages of the New Olympic shares in upstream resource acquisition and the advantages of the New Olympic energy in downstream end-users to better respond to changes in the gas industry and meet the diversification needs of customers in the new market environment; 2) use of the benefits of the gas landscape to effectively hedge risks and seize opportunities; 3) optimization of corporate governance
Implementation will begin to support the rapid expansion of direct marketing operations. Meanwhile, the company is expanding the eng receiving station at the canoe to match the future growth of the coyopa.
The processing capacity is 7.5 million tonnes/year, which is expected to rise to 10 million tonnes/year in 2025. \triangleright Division values up.
The Shareholder Red Return Plan (2023-2025) and the sale of 100 per cent of the stockholdings in the New Energy Minerals were committed by the company to an annual cash share of not less than 50 per cent of the core profits that were attributable to the stockholders of the listed company in the year up to 2028.
Profit forecasting and rating: New Olympic shares have a full-chain advantage in natural gas, which helps to protect against fluctuations in gas prices and sustains steady and robust growth in profits. After privatization of the Port’s share of New Olympic energy, companies are expected to grow and the benefits of upstream and downstream integration are expected to increase significantly.
Pool costs are optimized, downstream co-ops are on the rise, city fur is expected to be further repaired, retail gas volume is expected to resume growth and boost the profitability of corporate combustion operations. Direct sales of gas are expected to yield 8.1 million tonnes/year in 25-29 years, and the downstream market is expected to expand rapidly.
High growth in business. Without taking into account the impact of the privatization of New Olympic energy, we predict that New Olympic shares are a risk factor: less than expected growth in domestic macroeconomics and less than expected growth in natural gas consumption; \triangleright
The construction of the receiving station project was less advanced than expected; domestic gas prices were less favourable than expected; combined energy sources were lower than expected; privatization processes were less than expected; profit forecasts were core profits; companies had released major asset purchase and associated transactions plans, proposed privatization of the Port share of the New Olympic Energy, the future
This model has not been taken into account for several years, when minority shareholders’ rights and interests may have changed. Toming left, a doctor from the Chinese University of Mines, a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a deputy general manager from the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, a member of the China Geological Minerals and Economics Society, an expert bank member from China’s International Engineering Consulting Corporation, and a member of the China Price Association’s Coal Price Select Committee, formerly a Chinese coal worker.
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of industry associations (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal Economics and Finance Research Institute, and Senior Engineer, Doctor of Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), former Minister and Deputy Director of Coal Mines, former Minister of Investment and Industry, Second Sub-Ministry of Coal Industries, formerly working in coal production for many years, engaged in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management.
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology on the petrochemical economy and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the area of large energy sources and research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the public sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Li-Wing, opa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which studied coal and coal mining intelligence.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong University of Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal and steel industries. Part of the study is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.