The return of the powerful in 2018 has paved the way for the transformation of the new generation of telecommunications and automobiles.
Events: Revenue of $5.49 billion in 2018, corresponding to +18 per cent, net return of $571 million to the mother, corresponding to +180 per cent. q4 quarter revenue of $1,648 million, ring + 19 per cent, corresponding to + 31 per cent, overall decrease in major camp costs and costs, production-line data flow construction and information-modification start-up
Effectiveness: The company accounts for the impairment of assets of $71 million, of which $4.93 million in inventory is consistent with the practice of previous years, and $18 million in fixed assets, contributing to the optimization of the asset structure. If the $18 million is returned, the company’s performance is close to the maximum forecast for the year.
Currently, all three production areas of the company are in a productive state, and q1 is expected to have a slight impact on earnings as a result of the number of days worked, but both the billing and the platoon are in a relatively stable state. Given the pcb industry ' s ring ratio, the Māori rate is high in a stable situation.
During the reporting period, the company completed the low-end telecommunications board of the Yellowstone Phase & Industrial Board Production Import (a year-round loss) and the high-end products of the Green Mill 14-28 floor.
Electronics sector -  (002463): 5g Microelectrics are in a production position due to lack of capacity and high safety class pcb barriers.
The improvement is due to improvements in the process of integration of production-line data streams and information conversion and reduction of quality anomalies;
The return of the strong in 2018 has paved the way for the transformation of the new generation of communication & automobile industry, with direct materials of 2,111 million yuan, or about 52 per cent of the cost of the main battalion ' s operations, as compared with the increase of +8 per cent below the rate of collection;
The cost of manufacturing is 1,355 million yuan, accounting for about 33 per cent of the cost of the main business, which is slower than the +12 per cent increase in the same year.
At the cost end, the cost of sales was $200 million, which was slower than the rate of sales by 7.6 per cent compared with the rate of sales, and was the result of an increase in sales.
(b) R&D costs of $240 million, which is significantly faster than the +28 per cent increase;
The q4 Māori rate is 24.8%, compared to +8 pct, ring-up - 0.2 pct. The main reason is the optimization of the product structure and the loss of the Yellowstone plant area; the Yellowstone plant is gradually importing more profitable orders: Quantified microelectric power maintains the level of profitability.
Of these, the Yellowstone plant had a single-month gain from 2017 to 2018 q2 and earned a profit in the second half of the year, ranging from a single-month production value of up to 50 million to a stable 60 million. The utilization of the green and yellow stone production capacity has also gradually increased by about 10% (along with the optimization of the product structure).
The return of the strong in 2018 has paved the way for the transformation of the new generation of telecommunications & automobile industry.
646 million yuan, 46 per cent of the year, a net profit of 1.66 million yuan, and a loss of -140 million yuan during the same period last year: non-recurrent gains and losses totalled $5.339 million, of which 63.33 million were government grants and were moved.
During the reporting period, fixed assets were depreciated by approximately $301.7 million, construction in progress by approximately $307.5 million and construction in progress by $183.91 million.
- Short-term loans of $160 million and lower bank loans of $550 million during the same period last year;
The fee return was increased by approximately $95 million; at the end of 2016, a major client paid about 130 million goods in advance of the due date, resulting in a corresponding decrease in cash received for the sale of commodities in 2017 (which resulted in a low base of 2017):
(a) A significant increase in cash outflows on a year-on-year basis as a result of changes to the expansion project, the Yellowstone Carboard Project and the purchase and construction of fixed assets;
Continue to increase research and development investment to pave the way for the transformation of the new generation of communication & automobile industry: 2018, R & D invested approximately $243 million, or 4.42% of the revenue. Obtained six patents for inventions.
High-performance calculators and high-speed switches are involved. Wireless access: 5g base station sub-6ghz antenna, 28/39gmmwave, aau pcb carrier network, core network: 56g on the transmission backboard and core route
Data centre: development of 400g switchboard and high-performance calculator pcb, in collaboration with clients
Pcb was developed to produce and supply 77ghz car range detection and radar pcb products. Increasing environmental inputs to further eliminate the effects of forward movers and reduce the potential risk of long-term development: about $7.378 million in 2018 for overall environmental investments for the upgrading of peacekeeping facilities.
Take, for example, the company's Qingyu plant - 1.9 cubic metres of new water consumption per unit area in 2018 (2.4 in 2017) and 59 per cent reuse of industrial water (51 per cent in 2017)
Copper metal recovery rate of 97 per cent (86 per cent in 2017), copper sheet utilization rate of 71.4 per cent (69 per cent in 2017) Wastewater generation of 1.6 cubic metres (1.2 per cent in 2017)
Copper production in wastewater 41.6 g (51 in 2017), cod production in wastewater 165 g/m2 (51% in 2017) and metal copper recovery rate 97% (86% in 2017)
In addition, the stock of hazardous waste at the pine plant in late 2018 was about 30 per cent lower than in 2017; the rate of water contained in the platinum microelectric sludge decreased from about 80 per cent to about 60 per cent, and the dehydration of the leaching core decreased by about 50 per cent: the yellowstone plant reduced the production of copper-containing sludge by about 20 per cent.
We believe that the company's poor performance on the market is primarily due to the relocation of plants, which is due to the environmental concerns of the government, and that as the plant's environmental capacity continues to increase, the environmental regulatory environment will be lifted further, and environmental capability will become the company's advantage and even lead to the creation of one plant in Kunshan.
The yellow stone factory has adequate sewage targets and 80 acres of land to build another communications board, and the yellow stone phase (which is dominated) has a theoretical value of about 1.2 billion, the second stage (car plate) theoretical value, and the green mill has 60 acres of land (the government is working on how to address the emissions limit.
(Investment development) is sufficient to replicate current output, which can reach the current level of total new and old product value of the company ' s 5g product, which has been technically certified for most products in 2018, and has been involved in the construction of a network of 5g tests in many parts of the world. The biggest challenge for companies in 2019 should be to meet.
The company has consolidated the production and management resources of the Green Ping and Yellowstone plants, significantly increased production resilience and made every effort to build the 5g network, ensuring not only that 100% of the needs of the 5g households are met, but also that the market needs of other applications are not lost.
It's not going to be different. It's also expected to be higher in 2019 in the high-end market: Yellowstone, stimulated by the demand for 5g grids and the demand of the new generation of servers, cpu, is worth about 1.5 billion dollars. The company as a whole has a reserve of land and capital resources.
The equivalent value of about $12 billion is based on the assumption that the order structure is not optimized, and in fact the value of the orders for new-generation communications, high-end service storage equipment that companies have taken over since then is in an elevated state. Reserve production can be close to 14-15 billion, while pcb has an expansion cycle.
To maintain profit levels by targeting medium- and high-level orders, subject to fluctuations in downstream terminal output, the global server quarterly output has remained at a relative increase of nearly nine quarters, with more than 60 per cent of the increase coming from large data centres (Internet company cloud computing)
And most of the servers that are needed for this part of the construction are white-plate servers (possibly Internet companies have their own brands for substitute plants or plants for their own).
The pcb of the switch router is sold mainly to brand customers such as Cisco, Huaiang, Dell, Hewlett-Packard, Wave, etc., and mainly to high-value orders above the 16th floor, so that the volume of goods delivered by the server can only be used as a reference indicator of demand and is not determinative for the electrocution (in fact, the company)
There is a small increase, mainly in prices and profit margins. In addition, there is a need for more service storage equipment at the cable end of the communications infrastructure, which, as the new generation assumes the need for communications is moving towards the wireless base station end, the company adopts a selective billing model, with a gradual penetration and expansion of 4g.
While this has driven the overall demand for a large category of communications pcb, the company selects only relatively high-level orders, and the high 5g purchase-order barriers are the main areas of the company’s future expansion. The top 5g attribute pcb enterprise, which will also benefit from synergies:
According to industrial research, the world ' s 5g wireless base building year peak year will bring about 26 billion yuan in market space, assuming 20 per cent of the company ' s share in the current market situation, and the return of the strong in 2018, paving the way for changes in the new generation of communications and automobiles.
In addition, the demand for products such as 77ghz mm wave radar will increase in the 5g period, and the company is currently the leading global HF mm wave level pcb manufacturer, and the technical capabilities of pcb in the 6ghz and above frequency range will help the company become a potential base station, microbase station, autopilot, etc.
In 2017, the company was the tenth largest carboard company in the world, earning $187 million, and the company's goal was to achieve the top three globally, corresponding to about $550 million in revenue, even if the industry did not grow.
The company’s ability has not been fully recognized by the market because of the historical move, and the difference in valuation between the subsequent and the dragon’s head is expected to be further repaired. The return of the strong in 2018 has paved the way for the transformation of the new generation of communications – the automobile industry.
It's been growing at a very high rate all year, expanding and opening up new space for new businesses.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.