The net profit of the parent increases, the controlling shareholder proposes to inject a high-quality asset, and the three-quarterly review of HCI (600027) 2024 will take place on 4 November 2024.
The company’s electricity supply was affected by a drop in the price of power. In the first three quarters, the company completed the distribution of 16,459 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity, a decline of about 2.46 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, and 15,7721 million kilowatt-hours (kWh), a decline of about 2.52 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly due to the crowding up of the company’s coal power generation capacity.
In the first three quarters, the company averaged about $510.46/megawatt hours, and the company ' s net return profit benefited from the same price as the lower price of coal. In the previous three quarters, the average flat price for powered coal (q5500) in the port of Qin was 865.41 yuan/tonne, a decrease of 10.64% from the previous three quarters.
As a result of the combined collection and cost effects, the net return profits of the company increased in the previous three quarters over the same period, with major data on November 1, 2024, the controlling shareholders were to inject high-quality assets and the support company was to be installed on a larger scale.
The shares and the way in which they are paid cash buy 80 per cent of the shares of Jiangsu, a controlling shareholder in China, 51 per cent of the shares in Shanghai Fu, 100 per cent of the shares in Shanghai Bank, 55.0007 per cent of the shares in Guangzhou University City, 55 per cent of the shares in Fu Xin Guangzhou, 70 per cent of the shares in Fu Xinang Gate, and 100 per cent of the shares in Fu Xinqin Wan.
Shareholdings, 100% shareholdings of the company. The controlling shareholder, H.E. H.H., China, intends to inject some 1597,000 kW of conventional energy assets, including Jiangsu, Guangdong and Shanghai, which will account for about 27.16% of the company’s holding capacity and will significantly expand the company’s holding regulations.
Models help to enhance the company’s market competitiveness in the electricity sector. The dollar, which corresponds to ten times, nine times, and eight times more, maintains a “buy-in” rating of the company.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.