On 27 August, the company released its mid-2020 report, which recorded an increase of RMB 8,644 million in operating income for the company in 2020h1, corresponding to an increase of RMB 1 billion. The ring ratio fell by 8.61 per cent, the net return to the mother was RMB 286 million and the ring grew by 13.34 per cent.
h1 performance has been steadily rising, with photovoltaic operations contributing the bulk of the effort: 2020h1 received $7,718 million in new energy materials, an increase of 10.17 per cent in the same year, representing 89.28 per cent in the same year, and 18,01 per cent in the same year, an increase of 3.10 per cent in the same year. 516 million yuan in semiconductor materials, an increase of 2.70 per cent in the same year, representing an increase in the same rate.
With 5.97% weight, the Māori rate was 22.35%, a decrease of 4.47 pct. Company q2 collects $4.28 billion, a decline of 8.61% in ring comparison, and $1,024 million net, an increase of 20.14% over the same period the previous year. Māori rate is 8.37%, an increase of 1.81 pct over the same period.
\triangleright up to 85gw, g12 series has reduced the cost of accelerated propulsion power, upgrading the company ' s industrial chain to a new platform. Meanwhile, the company launched the g12 high-efficiency stacking component project in Jiangsu and Tianjin, combining g12 with the stacking component technology, which has been completed.
A new generation of g12 high-efficiency collusive component products is offline. The investing maxeon is on the market in NASDAQ on August 27, combining sunpower ' s ibc technology, squid technology with g12 to speed up the global industrial layout.
\triangleright tcl became the ultimate recipient of the company's mix-up project, and the company is expected to use tcl finance, industrial investment platforms, and manufacturing and marketing systems to promote a rapid rise in corporate business in the global industry.
Lead the way - tcl ' s launch of the new kinetic energy strategy, tcl ' s proposed future medium-ring strategy is expected to invest more than 6 billion dollars in three main directions: high-efficiency stacking components, dw smartening plants, and high-end semiconductor industrial parks. The company ' s cooperative model of tcl production is expected to take off the technology ecology of both the company ' s photovoltaic and semiconductor industries.
Reference is made to the current average 42-fold level of the sw photovoltaic device plate, taking into account the accelerated expansion of the company's photovoltaic silicon and semiconductor silicon tablets, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, covering for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. The PV is not as high as expected; and the semiconductor silicon expansion is not as fast as expected.
Summarized of company financial statement data projections: Jing Jie, Research Assistant for the People's Trades and Industry of Basic Chemical Industries, Master of Chemical Engineering, Zhejiang University, joined the People's Trades in July 2020, author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,