The company's performance: the company published three quarterly reports and collected $6.01 billion in the first three quarters of 2017.
Millions of yuan, yoy + 28%. On a quarterly basis, 2,111 million yuan, yoy + 15.2% were collected in three quarters, 996 million yuan in net profit from maternity and 42.7% in net profits, mainly because of: (i) rapid growth in non-avigational income; (ii) 4 percentage points increase in the Māori rate; (iii) investment
The Civil Aviation Authority's improved performance in terms of prices: the Civil Aviation Authority's introduction in April of this year of the Standard Adjustment Programme for the Collection of Fees at Civil Airports has continued to ferment, with non-avigational revenues moving from government pricing to market-setting.
Low rate of cost increases, driving the increase in the Māori rate: the first three quarters increased the rate of growth by 4 percentage points to 14.9 per cent due to non-aerobic changes, with little change in the cost band, and the previous three quarters increased the speed of the product portfolio
7% below the growth in revenue, resulting in a 4 percentage point increase in the company's Māori rate, which boosts net profits. Oil prices boosted investment returns: from the beginning of the year to the present, the price of the oil was kept high, with an average price of $63 per barrel, an increase of 24% from the same year.
Airfield Oil Corporation has increased its profits and boosted the company’s investment earnings. Shanghai Airport invested $200 million in the previous three quarters, reaching $758 million, and yoy +33.9%, with higher net profits.
Shanghai Airport is the main hub for the country, with the highest number of international passengers and the highest value of duty-free operations, and it is expected that the tax-free bidding will be heavily contested. With the capital airport as a reference, Shanghai Airport will be tax-free no less than the capital airport t2,t3.
47% and 43.5%. We expect that the tax-free rate at Shanghai airport will increase profitability from the current level of 20%: companies still face more serious transport security and problems. Due to the failure to reach the Civil Aviation Authority in March-May and July-August, Shanghai Airport has been sanctioned by the Civil Aviation Authority to stop its passengers.
Overtime transportation, charter flights, and additional requests for routes led to a significant increase in the volume of passenger traffic, which slowed down to 4.2 and 8.4 percentage points in the single quarter compared to the same period last year. However, construction work in progress at Shanghai airport included: (i) three phases of expansion to build the world's largest satellite hall, expected to be 2019
Annual production, with an investment of $20.1 billion, will cover 80 million passenger traffic, with an increase of 33 per cent. (ii) Sub-flight access and a project to upgrade the 5th hangar, expected to take place in 2018, with an investment of $1.9 billion.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.