Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average The net profit of the company's shareholders was $2.69 billion, an increase of 27.9 per cent over the year, which is about $1.40 per share.
Middle q3 achieved a net return profit of $10.0 billion, an increase of 42.7 per cent over the same period, and continued to outperform the expected growth. Flow growth stagnated and non-aerial surges continued: from January to September 2017, Shanghai airport accumulated 270,000 sorties, an increase of 3.3 per cent (domestic/international yoy2.7 per cent/4.8 per cent), and passenger throughput.
The continued outbreak of non-air operations has made up for the low level of air operations and effectively supported high corporate revenues. There has been a steady increase in profitability and net profit gains from investment: a higher rate of Maori for non-air operations and a higher rate of non-air operations.
1. “The growth of business, the non-flight value of the hub airport, and the rising revenue ratio have led to a steady increase in the profitability of companies.
The airport taps are included in the msci index, which is continuously recommended-up earnings are a major reason for the company ' s net profit growth rate of 42.7 per cent, with investment returns of $30 million, an increase of 92.1 per cent, and significant improvements in the efficiency of oil companies and advertising companies.
3. Focusing on the year-end tax-free bidding process, with limited impact on the New Deal: the original tax-free agreement of March 2018 is approaching, and the company is expected to conduct a new round of tax-free bidding at the end of the year.
The rate of deduction from the new tax-free agreement at Pudong Airport is expected to increase to about 45 per cent and is expected to increase the net profits of the company.
20%. In addition, the Civil Aviation Authority ' s New Deal of Pre-Search Level stipulates that Pudong Airport will be reduced by 75% of the airport ' s capacity.
Flights. Flights from 6 to 9 are concentrated, and the negative impact of the New Deal cut is limited by the fact that the Pudong airport has already begun to smooth its peak hours, with no more than 50 flight reductions per day and a conservative estimate of fewer than 4 per cent.
The domestic hub airport has begun to shift to a two-engine model of aviation and non-avigational revenue, with non-avigational revenue entering a high-growth phase. Shanghai airport, as the leader of the airport, has a higher share of international lines, better quality passengers, and business-led performance continues to outpace expectations.
Su Bao-Liang, Huang Van-Yan, went down the economic ladder; there was a series of bad weather conditions; tax-free shops were tendered at a slower pace than expected.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on average and used as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.