Desai Siwei, auto parts, 2023 De Se Si Wei, re-defined smart cars in the city of Noa.
Events: Dexeciway published its annual report for 2023, which collected 21.908 billion dollars during the reporting period and achieved high levels of intellectual empowerment: smart cabins: 2023, driven by product mix diversification and market extension strategies.
The smart cabin business has grown by 15,802 million yuan a year, an increase of +34.43 per cent. The third generation of high-grade smart cabin products, which is the main driver of the growth of the smart cabin business, has produced a package of products during the reporting period, thinking of customers such as cars, Chirres, Hiro-Eyans, Guang-Vehicles, etc., and acquiring Chirés, Guang-Vehicles, etc.
New projects have been targeted by a number of mainstream customers, such as the car, the car, the car, and the Biadi.
Smart driving: 23 years of smart cabin operations, $4.485 billion, year-on-year growth, total equity/flow (billion shares) +74.43%. The company ' s smart-pilot domain controller product is well balanced and fully adapted to variations.
Market demand. The high-calculus platform has produced a number of vehicles, such as ideal cars, pelicans, Lutes, Volkswagen, Kryptons, etc., and has acquired new project orders for more than 10 vehicles; lightweight differentials have been levelled.
In 2023, company cameras and the supply of t-box products continued to grow, breaking through the mainstream solar joint brand and getting new project fixes. Million-wave radar operations received new project orders from clients like Broad-Ayan, a red flag, etc.... with intelligence.
The widespread application of driving, especially the scale of the high-level smart driving function, represented by the city's noa Commercial high-growth opportunities will drive companies to maintain high-speed growth in intelligent driving.
+167.33%. During the reporting period, ISPs moved beyond white-point clients such as ideal cars, Chang An cars, pelican cars, shortcuts, merces-benz, and continued to receive new project orders from high-voltage users such as Mitsubishi, Hirota, Toyota, and Volkswagen-Public.
With intelligence, the East Wind, we believe that the future of the network’s operations is likely to build a third growth pillar. Internationalization of strategic advances opens up the space for growth: 1,644 million offshore revenues during the reporting period.
Won, equal +48.10%. In 2023, the company made a breakthrough in Europe, obtaining new projects for clients such as volkswagen, audi, stellentis, Seet, skoda, volvo, and planning for new factories in Europe: in South-East Asia and India, the company has broken through the second-largest maruti,
Suzuki, tata; in Japan, the company first secured the location of its core client ' s smart driving business project, establishing a new R & D centre in Yokohama City; and in Mexico, new factories have been built and companies are firmly committed to the sea strategy to open up the space for growth.
Investment advice: the company has sufficient orders in hand, and the smart product matrix is perfected. Texas 2023 reports: smartness is strong enough to achieve high performance, internationalisation strategies open up the space for growth.
The shortage of chips is higher than expected, new products are less advanced than expected, and overseas markets are not expanding as expected.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.