A rapid growth in performance, a major expansion of international markets, an annual report of the year 2023, a rapid increase in revenue and profits, and an annualized sales of new project orders of $24.5 billion.
a Circulation Unit (millions): in 2023, as the penetration rate of the company ' s high-level smart cabin and high-level intelligent driving products continued to increase rapidly, a total share capital (millions):
And the further expansion of the client base of products like screens, navigation, etc., and the company’s business performance has been re-innovated. Market value in public circulation (millions of dollars): High-level intellectual policy has come to an end, and corporate business has opened up opportunities for development.
With the widespread use of smart driving, especially the high-level smart driving function, represented by the city's noa, it is hoped that the commercial upscaling of high-growth opportunities will lead companies to maintain high-speed growth in their smart driving operations.
The first time, at the level of national regulations, a network of smart-wire cars with higher levels of autopilot, i.e., i., i.e. i., i.e. i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e.
"Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation -- "Study of a 2023 smart cabin product, with a stick leading position, three generations of high-performance smart cabin products continue to spread." Annual report: "According to rapid growth, internationalization opens up new space."
Tantu, which is the main driving force behind the growth of smart seating operations. ISPs outpace white-point clients such as ideal cars, long cars, pelican cars, shortcuts, mercedes-benz, and continue to receive Research on National Dollar Securities - Texas 2022.
A new project order for a customer like Mitsubishi, Toyota, Volta, and Volkswagen - the general public. Reporting points: Business revenue outnumbers 10 billion, R & D drives rapid growth, insists on higher R & D inputs, builds a global R & D system, and ensures continuous technological leadership.
In 2023, companies invested 2,029 million yuan in R & D, representing 9.26 per cent of sales and 45.26 per cent of total R & D staff. While maintaining high levels of R & D investment, more efficient R & D systems are needed to make sure.
In 2023, the company continued to promote the development of platforms, digitization, standardization, cross-military and cross-regional R & D systems, and the efficiency of R & D was further enhanced.
Pre-design and discussion, the company is recognized as one of the leading international mobile technology companies in the company ' s intellectual property management system through gb/t29490-2013, committed to becoming a leader in future changes, and in the context of major changes in the automobile industry, there is much room for companies to grow.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.