Desai Siwei (002920.sz): Year-round revenue and high profit growth, international client breakthroughs (00292.sz)
Events: The company released its 2023 annual report, and in 2023 it earned $21.91 billion, or +19.3 per cent of the year.
\triangleright 1) Smart cabin operations generated $15.802 billion, i.e. +34.42 per cent, mainly as a result of the production of third-generation high-performance smart cabin products, mainly accompanied by ideal cars, Chiré, Guangmoe
2) Smart driving generates $4.485 billion, i.e. +74.43%, mainly from the scale of high-level intelligent driving, represented by urban noa.
Smartnet ecosystems, basic software platforms, etc., are expected to form strong alliances with two core businesses, contributing longer-term growth drivers for companies. Ring +1.7 pct, profit-rate ring increases are beginning to emerge mainly as a result of firm-scale effects.
With the efficiency of the Division’s operations and the gradual harvest of its previous R & D investment, we believe that it is the company’s interest to open up the international market to white spot customers, and that the strategy of globalization is beginning to break out. The company, based on its headquarters capacity, is building a global service system that quickly opens up major global automobile markets, in international markets, in companies, in companies.
Breaked through white point clients Audi, tatamotos, Paccar, obtained new project orders from clients such as volkswagen, stellantis, Seet, skoda, volvo, Mazda, marutisuzuki, covering Europe, South-East Asia, Japan and North America
Markets. As corporate R & D results continue to evolve and accumulate, firms become more dynamic in areas such as technology and products, and as more domestic and foreign customers develop, the client base of companies becomes richer and more balanced.
Profit forecast: The company is the leader of the smart cockpit and the smart-driving domain control industry, and the network has continued to expand, with high growth in revenue and profits in 2023.
House No. 1 of the 9th House of the City Front Street, Beijing City, with increased intellectual recognition and penetration, long-term logic with an increased number of high-quality guests.
The scale advantages of household stock, while at the same time it is expected that overseas markets will be able to boost the risk factors below the high base: price volatility of raw materials, less than expected sales of supporting vehicles, annual downward pressure, exchange rate fluctuations, less advanced overseas operations.
The first gold bull prize in 2018, the second in new wealth in 2020, and the fourth core member of the Xinbo 2020 team. Four years of research in the automobile industry were successful in top-down investment opportunities. The car industry chain was fully covered, with emphasis on technology centres such as Tesla, smart cars, autonomous brands, and Joaquin securities, with one year of work experience in the car company plus two years of research experience in the automobile industry.
Xu Guofang, a master’s degree in applied economics from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as intelligent driving, commercial cars, etc. Part of this is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.