24 years of innovative business performance, active promotion of M & As + Out-of-Sea business Shanghai Medicine (6016007) Net profit of $4.065 billion (oy+13.04%). 2024q4 quarter operating income of companies
Dom Elkins Business Innovation Shows a bright performance and Industrial Block Profit Contribution Increases by about 4%: 1 in Business Practice Practice No: $1500523080002
Business plates contribute $3.385 billion (yoy+1.05 per cent). 24 years of corporate innovation, with 30.5 billion dollars (yoy+29.7 per cent), cso
Operational services amount to 8 billion yuan (yoy+177 per cent) and the sale of instruments for large health operations amounts to 44.2 billion yuan (yoy+10.5 per cent).2 In industrial operations, sales revenue has been realized in 24 years, of which 9,571 million yuan has been earned in 24 years by the drug plate.
Over 44 products, of which over 1 billion were produced, 2 were sold; 60 priority varieties were marketed; a comprehensive layout, “Innovative Medicines + Simultaneous Pharmaceuticals + Medium Medicines”, actively promoted “M&A” + Out of the Sea: 1 With regard to the layout of new drugs, as of the end of 24 years, the company's clinical applications were processed and followed up on clinical research.
There are 54 new drug lines in the pipeline, of which 40 are innovative (including 1 in US Clinical ii) and 14 are improved. Of the innovative drug line, 1 has been submitted for listing and 5 are in the clinical iii phase.
By the end of 24 years, 15 varieties (16 regulations) of the company had been approved for evaluation of quality and therapeutic consistency, increasing the cumulative number of evaluated products to 74 (103 codes), which are among the highest in the industry. In addition, the company continued to promote evidence-based medical research on large varieties of Chinese medicine, such as heart-breeding.
The photo of the heartrip study published in the authoritative international academic journal Plant Medicine, bruising, paralysing capsules to treat the true world of chronic musculoskeletal pains, has completed all 2,000 cases.
24h1 Businesses have been growing in reverse, and new drugs and Chinese medicine have been doing well.3 Increased investment in mergers and acquisitions, opening up international operations. In December 24, the company officially signed to collect 2024q1 medical businesses, increasing by 8 per cent, and business by 8 per cent.
The company completed its first annual sales target: the company completed its establishment and accelerated its physicalization; and the company completed its registration and started its pharmaceutical registration.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., ltd Golden House No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.b
\triangleright is not as fast as expected for new items to be placed on the market, the collection price is higher than expected, and the consortium is performing less than expected.
In 2023, it was incorporated into the Sinda securities, which are responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnostics, and icl. In 2023, it was added to the Shuda securities, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.