Lithium Tin: The resource advantage shows that q4 performed better than expected (002466), q4 performed more than expected, and that the cost of 100% of the company ' s lithium resources is relatively rigid.
/tonne, a substantial increase of 80 per cent in the price of q4 lithium resulted in higher than expected performance by q4 companies; second, the same performance by sqm resulted in a greater return on the company ' s investment in the consortium than in 2020; and third, a significant increase in the return on fair value changes, with (1) an extension of the syndicate ' s M & A loan
Debt restructuring gains of $673 million were recognized, and (2) were influenced by factors such as stock prices at sqm, interest rate fluctuations at libor and investment returns of approximately $45 million from fair value change gains and hedging operations in type B equity financing operations at sqm in 2021.
The resource advantage is evident, and the leader returns. Corporate resource security is in the forefront of the industry, with the Greenbush Lithite mine of \triangleright Telison expected to start to recover the tailings in the third quarter of 2022.
With 300,000 tons of lithium concentrate energy, and 600,000 tons of lithium concentrate per year planned for phase III ahead of a million tons of lithium hydroxide capacity, the project for 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide in mtholland is expected to come into production in 2024. The company controls the lithium quartz mine in the Yangtze region and participates in the Zabuye Salt Lake.
The company now has an annual capacity of 448 million tons of lithium salt, and one phase of lithium hydrogen in Quinana, Australia: the resource king, cognitive realization (20211212) and a capacity of 24 million tons of lithium chemical production is expected to be fully operational by March 2022.
The capacity of the company to supply lithium salt will be further enhanced by the 2.4 million tons of lithium hydroxide production capacity and the progressive production of the Sichuan Suiningan-Hining 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate project. Lithium prices are expected to remain high in 2022 with the tight balance between supply and demand of lithium resources.
\triangleright allows for rapid growth in the industry, strong growth in lithium demand, and a stronger strategic position for lithium resources. Assuming a 50% increase in global new energy vehicle production, supply and demand will remain tight throughout the year.
In 2022, the lithium price hub will remain above current prices, the lithium industry’s performance is expected to increase significantly, and the value of the lithium resource enterprise is expected to be revalued.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company to realize a net return profit by 2021-2023
Building No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing, with a sustained atmosphere in the area of motor vehicles and storage energy and the company's ability to expand and maintain the company's “buy-in” \triangleright
Lin, George Washington University, Master of Financial Sciences, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for research on aluminium lead zinc and precious metals. White Purple, Jilin University, Master of Regional Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021 for research on new sources of metals, such as light metals such as zirconium and lithium cobalt.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.