On December 31, 2023, the 4 khokimiyats, which are constantly innovating, grew steadily, raising prices and raising revenues. In 23 years, the khokimiyats collected $125.8 billion.
The same increase of 16.7 per cent is expected to maintain a tight balance between supply and demand throughout the year, with an increase in the volume of prizes, rares, raws, fines, and non-standards. The revenue from the 23q4 kiosks is $38.5 billion, and the revenue contribution is mainly derived from the increase in the tonnage price (upgraded from 1 November) and the increase in the value of the contribution is biased.
A low 23-year recovery in the progress of the Maotai liquor shipment (in 22 years, due to the relative backlash of the epidemic), with 2304 shipments falling back on year-on-year terms. Billion dollars, 28% more. Of this, 1935 sales doubled by 10 billion, with other series estimated.
The same rate is almost equal in the liquor camps. 23q4 earned $4.81 billion, an increase of 41.4 per cent, and the ring q3 accelerated, with the control of one hut last year, 1935, leading to a relatively low base; and the second estimated an increase in the ratio of $1088 for the supply of 23q4 huts, 1935.
• Proper regulation, robust forward movement. 23q4 net return to the mother increased by 12.6%, slower than in the previous three quarters. The main factors are expected to be: a flat q4 quota reduction, and a two-point tax, income, profit increase of 1.4 pct, 1.8 pct. Digitalization has become a digital marketing journal.
Billion, expected to double sales in 23 years.
Quite a few points: a series of red rivers, all-round foods, i-tao, wind, business collaboration, etc., have been introduced to the "Microe Ecology." The tabloid product matrix has now been perfected from the U-Fu-Fu-Fu-Fu, and the price gradient has been perfected, and the combination is more risk-resistant, and in the recent past it has become more risk-resistant.
In 2024, the chairman of the board of directors proposed that the terminal be well-connected, and that artillery and ammunition be concentrated in the form of a terminal.
"Ko Dai, Guizhou" (600519), "Mao-Tai", "Products" (product sales, cultural experiences, etc.), "Ecology" (building plant prices, marginal benefits, next big city."
At the same time, the existing terminals are fully digitized to adapt to new changes in the market and new demand through improved terminal penetration.
Three major financial forecasting tables in Maotai, Guizhou. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.