Incidents: company announcement, preliminary accounting, that in 2023, the company produced about 5.72 million tons of gin and wine in a series of about 4.29 million tons; total operating income is expected to be about $149.5 billion (of which q4 income from q4 income ring speed, with a series of q20 billion. 23q4, the company expects total operating income to be around 14.9 billion.
44.18 billion yuan (year-on-year + approximately 17.0 per cent) and about 20.62 billion yuan (year-on-year + about 12.1 per cent) of the net profit of the mother, of which about 38.53 billion yuan (year-on-year + 15.2 per cent) was earned and about 4.81 billion yuan (year-on-year + approximately 41.4 per cent) of the proceeds of the series. As a result of a 20 per cent increase in the price of the factory to take off on 1 November, I
The four-quarter upturn is related to the lower base for the same period last year, and the year-round revenue is expected to cross $20 billion (of which Mau has sold more than 11 billion) and make a further real second-growth curve. The profit-end increase is slightly lower.
Impact, 2 operating tax rates have a lower base for the same period, four quarters, or return to the hub level. Markets have been productive and innovation driven on a continuous basis. Looking back, in 2023, companies achieved \triangleright in many areas.
Breakthrough: 1 winding app opened up digital ecology and alcohol conservation was promoted throughout the year; 2 + poo marketing accelerated the rejuvenation of the distribution, the combined influence was expanded, with the “powder” food project receiving $430 million, or +58.24 per cent, compared to +58.24 per cent, and 3i kwan registered users more than 53 million and transactions more than 28 billion yuan a year.
In 2024, the company will continue to work in more areas, including the “crowding” streaming platform, the publication of wine, the flying of flowers, and the creation of branding and support.
In the light of the new macro-environment, the cyclical adjustment of the industry is still ongoing, with the industry leading by brand, giving greater importance to the city.
At the 2024 workshop, the director of the Toshio Army made a clear call for "products, dances, cycle resistance."
Channels, brands, terminals are at the core, layered, high priority is given to end-marketing, and consumer diversity and individualized needs are met with a rich product matrix. We believe that corporate management is at the heart of Guizhou.
A deep understanding of the white wine market, on the one hand, continues to play a low speed on the product matrix, on the channel matrix, on the other, with structural improvements over simple price increases, and on the other hand, with more mastery, on the inside, on the way to the long term.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the growth instruments of 2024 were more flexible, based on price-added boots, and the matrix of the Maw liquor product was still rich, and the series was expected to enter and release on the basis of the capacity to produce.
The price performance of a single product may be adjusted by a better match between supply and demand.
• Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; technology improvement projects are not moving as fast as expected
\triangleright coupons form food beverages teams, whose members are trained mainly by senior industrialists and leading schools. \Lou                                                                                                                      2
Coverage of pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, stubble foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeast mothers, familiarization with seafood industry, millet industry, smelting vegetables, venomous foods, Qinghai International), Que Li, Master of Financial Science, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics of Xiamen University, three years of food and beverage research experience.
In-depth study of the trade in snack foods and chain foods (in-depth study of taste-free foods, perchanced ducks, brilliant, well-tied foods, saline shops, gwan-su foods, gin-su foods, etc.) and in-depth study of the trade in snacks, Jo Dan-ming, Master of Economics, Graduated from the Xiamen University School of Economics, three years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Jinzhou cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, water wells, ocean river shares, present-day fate, sauce plate blocks), Zhao Lei, Master of Food Scientific Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States of America, followed by two years of milk.
Capt. Saputo is engaged in research and development, with two years of experience in food and beverage research.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Tang Jing, B.A., 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has an idea of high-end white wine. He's good at promoting the future of alcohol based on available data and market moves.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head housing companies, they are good at exploring upstream and downstream development opportunities from an industry perspective. 2021 plus
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.