Price management capacity is high, performance growth tools are high, company research, company quick evaluation, food drinks, white wine ii.
Zhang Xiaowei Li Wenhua Zhang Xiaowei
Events: On March 21, 2024, the 20th China International Liquor Fair was opened in Sichuan Xiangzhou. Maotai shares and Maotai family products were shown at the exhibition, which showcased the quality and culture of Maotai products to consumers.
Perspective pricing ensures price system stability. 3) Performance growth instruments are adequate and short- to medium-term performance pressure is relatively small. 4) Investment Recommendations: High-level Pootai Price Management Capacity in Guizhou, or Effective ironing of demand swing cycles. Short-term view, there is a certain volatility in the price of bottled liquor, market or fear of falling demand, and weak alcohol factory price control, but we believe: 1)
This short-term price volatility is due to staged distribution, with little correlation to bottom demand, and much more to rhythmic disturbances; (b) alcohol factory price management tools are constantly improving and can still guarantee price system stability through technical means such as delivery rhythms, structure, distribution areas; and (c) liquor distributors self-organize to maintain price boards, distribution clubs or spontaneously ensure price stability through receipt, price palleting, etc.
Quotas are more diversified, discriminatory pricing ensures stability in the price system, stock levels, and in the recent past, Guotai has focused its efforts on building a healthy old liquor price system, thereby raising the social community’s perception of the value of the stock and reducing the negative impact of social stock on the price of the pot. At the supply dimension, the liquor industry wants to diversify the quota.
(b) In terms of incremental quotas, companies optimize the structure of their channels to increase the increase in the rate of quota openings. (3) At the pricing level, companies or, where appropriate, adopt a “discriminatory pricing” strategy to ensure the stability of the price system.
In terms of confidence in performance, we find that there are more instruments for growth in corporate performance or that we are on track to achieve growth over the cycle: 1) 2023 for the company vs. Sky Tower 3), that there is a slight increase in the number of alcohols in the pup scheme over the previous year, and that it is expected that new channels, such as group purchasing channels, will be effective.
The Maoists have taken the initiative to depress the mid-term goal of 2027, and we still believe that the medium-term business constraints are not clear in Guizhou, and that the demand recovery can continue to be expected; competition has intensified; price transfer has been less than expected.The authors have ensured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author