Big group game works, high-quality year-round goal, \triangleright, 01/01/2024
q4 boosted revenue, releasing a series of alcohol production capabilities. 23q4 companies are expected to realize total operating income of about 44.2 billion yuan, an increase of about 17.0 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother is expected to be about 20.6 billion yuan, an increase of about 12.6 per cent over the same period; alcohol revenue is about 20.4 billion yuan, an increase of about 28.0 per cent over the same period.
Wang Xinhai, the revenue from the liquor business was about $4.8 billion, an increase of about 41.4 per cent over the same year, and in 2023, the series of wines was about 4.29 million tons, and Zhang Lingyu
The poo sauce series is steadily moving towards 20 billion yuan. A big group has achieved a "two dry billion" round of chess, insisting on four ends and driving it up for sale.
Billions, more than $100 billion in profits, the wine industry, the hotel industry, and the three main sectors of integrated finance, have a board of chess to take stock of the events in the Kutsu State: Once again, they're built. President Mao Tai Yao said that the end is the king's time to figure out the relationship between the end and the market, and to produce.
From the channel to the brand to the end, it is necessary to build on the former and insist that the product be declared as a major event in Guizhou (600519.sh): the king, with quality at its core; the king, with ecology at its core; and the brand, with culture at its core;
3 3-quarterly newspaper reporting point 2023 in Guizhou (600519.sh) insists on the finality, with a central focus on consumers; insists on the four ends, i.e. products, channels, brands and investment proposals: accelerated optimization of channels, continuous upgrading of the wine series structure, and firm performance is high
In the medium-to-long term, as the production capacity of Maotai is expanding, the supply of Mautai wine series is driven by two wheels, marketing changes are announced: high performance is continuing, the performance of Mautai wine is continuing.
Highlighting 2023/07/16 \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.