I'm going to go over the year, and I'm going back to New Year's.
In 2023, the company announced the production of about 5.72 million tons of gin and wine, an increase of 0.7 per cent in the same year, 125.5 billion in the series, 16.7 per cent in the same year, 20.4 billion in the series, a 28 per cent increase in the same year, and a net profit of 73.5 billion, a 17.2 per cent increase in the same year, from 44.2 billion in the same year.
By 17 per cent, a net profit of $20.6 billion, or 12.6 per cent, was recorded; By the end of 2023, the Maotai Group held its 2024 annual work session; and 4q-pot alcohol generated about $38.5 billion, or 15.2 per cent, compared to the same year, and the ring speed of 0.6 pcts, we
On the one hand, 2304 controls sales above $11 billion and exceeds the early year’s target. On the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, with the increase in prices, the income of 4q is growing faster than the profit.
The tax ratio of 23q4 is back to normal; on the other hand, the volume of alcohol in the 2023 series rose by about 22% over 2022, and the new production capacity increased by more depreciation. The Group proposes to build the Four Kings together in 2024, i.e., to set up products, channels, and products.
In 2023, Mao was successful in digitizing and, to date, i-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana-mana.
Over 53 million users, nearly 5 million people live a day, with 44.3 billion platform transactions and 5.3 million registered users in the world. The two major flow entrances are booming, combined with multiple types of end-building, which allows companies to capture new flows and voice rights and attract more consumers.
In addition, it was shown that the year-round market support costs provide policy support for culture, brands, products, market research, workforce building, with a focus on increasing market input for fine products, Xiao, 100 ml poo, 24 knots and wines (new products), and that market rumours are part of a series of alcohol products or will be introduced
Prices, we expect high-quality growth to be year-round driven by price increases and steady increases ... This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.