The company is expected to earn some 441.8 per cent of its operating income in the fourth quarter of the year.
During the year, the company earned about $125.5 billion, an increase of about 16.8 per cent over the same period, a steady increase in revenue from the liquor business of about $20.4 billion, an increase of about 28 per cent over the same year. Of that, the bulk of the liquor business of the series was sold over $10 billion in the sale of 1935, which led to a breakthrough of $20 billion in the liquor business.
Business income of $4.81 billion, an increase of approximately 41.4% over the same period, was positive in the company’s four-quarters series of liquor, mainly due to the better performance of Mao Dai and the lower base of the series during the same period last year. The company’s productive capacity was steadily released, and price increases are expected to increase its performance.
About 5.72 million tons of alcohol, or 0.7 per cent more than in the previous year; about 4.29 million tons of alcohol in the same series, or roughly more than in the same year, are expected to further increase the company’s ability to produce alcohol in the same series. At the price end, the company went up to fly-out prices from 1 November 2023, and the company last went up to fly-out prices in early 2018.
Once again, six years later, prices are adjusted for flying days, which will make an incremental contribution to the follow-up performance. Yuan, the corresponding value for pe is 29 and 25 times, respectively. As the leader of the white wine industry, the company's two-wheel drive strategy is clear, the channel structure continues to be optimized, and the prices of the fly-out plants are more effective.
Growth in corporate performance. With the release of capacity, there is room for further price increases. Maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.