(first time) One-stop sophisticatedly made taps, dropped the baggage and sailed again on August 31, 2020.
Many M&As have been reorganised since listing, creating a one-stop sophisticated manufacturing platform. In 2018, technology benefited from the reverse acquisition of masonry from the river, which led to a change in the short title of the securities to a profit. Since listing, companies have continued to expand their operations upstream and downstream through multiple acquisitions and fund-raising.
S0340520060001 Magnetic materials enhance the end layout of the material, downstream through the accumulation of small pieces into modules and assembly, and are now self-made in a very large part of the functionality, working on the creation of a consumable electronic one-stop precision manufacturing platform.
The former company ' s operations covered such plates as precision functional devices, precision structures, magnetic materials and chargers, and products were widely used in such areas as consumer electronics, smart clothing, smart homes, new energy vehicles, industrial medicine and aerospace.
Business owners achieve robust growth in their performance and move away from the negative impacts of shell resources.
Momentum, but as the company announces that it will complete the transfer of 100 per cent of the stock of the Imperial Crystal Light Power and the river powder high school, it will focus on the main industry, adding the Orient to the first half of the year 2020 to make a profit, and the Corporation's Shell Resources Agreement to achieve a phased victory in integration, the core business position will be effectively highlighted and the quality of the profits expected to be gained.
Complacing R & D to build the advantages of autonomous innovation, and automating production lines has been very effective. Companies have focused on autonomous R & D innovations ranging from materials to equipment to technology, and in recent years have continued to add R & D inputs and have been fine-ttm
Development of new products, new production technologies and technological innovations have yielded some results, and the Department has actively promoted automated production lines in December, resulting in customization and specialized development of automated equipment.
When the company’s Māori ratio is at the industry average, the company’s roe is significantly higher than comparable companies in the same industry, and the downscaling benefits are significant. The precision of sophisticated functional devices is constantly increasing, and the intelligence of a number of operations is taking advantage of the opportunity to increase prices.
Smart terminals continue to move in the direction of thinning, multifunctionality and high performance, precision functional devices are becoming thinner, more integrated, more product-specific, more sophisticated, better equipped, larger and more skilled platform-based firms are expected to gain a greater share of the market, and corporate competitive advantages are becoming apparent.
The upgrading of mobile phone communications in the 5g era and continuous innovation in optical, machine casings, wireless charging, waterproofing and heat radiating, with tws headphones, smart watches representing a dynamic market for t-shirtable equipment, are promising opportunities for many operations.
Investment proposals: companies have the core competencies required for sophisticated modelling and production equipment and, through multiple acquisitions, build sophisticated manufacturing platforms, from upstream materials, medium-stream structures to downstream arrays. Direct integration and successful downstream customer outreach, product expansion and existing product content.
In the 5g era, the trend towards light and high performance of smart terminals has been further highlighted as a source of domestic precision and structure, leading to increased opportunities in a variety of operations. Companies are expected to consume electronics, and to expand and buy one-stop sophisticated manufacturing platform.
1.1 Corporate Profile and Development: From the functional tap to the sophisticated manufacturing platform. Guangdong Intelligent Inc. was formerly established as a technology recipient in 2006 to model its operations, and to deploy operations such as pressurizing, cnc, hardening, assembly, etc., to gradually grow into a domestic sophisticated functional flagship.
In the course of the year, beneficiary technology was marketed through a reverse acquisition of gyromagnetized magnetic materials, which changed the short title of the securities to “twiss-for-profit.” Through this acquisition, the company combines precision manufacturing capabilities in the consumer electronics field with the advantage of gyromagne on the end of the material and, after more than a decade of expansion and development, has gradually grown into a domestic-scale, sophisticated manufacturing enterprise capable of becoming a national-scale leader.
Clients provide diversified product solutions ranging from basic materials to fine zero components, to core devices and modules. Among these, basic materials include magnets, molding materials, ceramic applications, etc.: precision zero components include moisturization, pressing, cnc, recoupling, printing, assembly, etc.; core devices and modules include linear motors, wireless chargers, chargers, flexible packages, keyboards, etc.
The products produced by the company are widely used in the fields of consumer electronics, smart clothing, smart homes, new energy vehicles, industrial and regulatory medicine and aerospace.
In 2014, it focused on the development, production and sale of magnetic materials, a company specializing in the production of electronic components such as iron-oxymagnetic, iron-oxymagnetic and rare-terrestrial-magnetic materials, and was one of the major manufacturers of domestic iron-oxymagnetic materials: in 2015, the river powder magnets acquired 100 per cent of the share in the deep-single crystal light power, expanded the LCD module, and touched it.
In 2016, the purchase of 100% of Shenzhen Xin Dong's share in the expansion of the consumer electronic shell, the bottom shell and the battery cap, further expanded the company's layout in the consumer electronics sophisticated architecture industry. Through these two deals, gyrosmagnets have moved into a more promising consumer electronic zero.
The component industry, which is based on the diversification of its operations around the consumption of electronic parts and components, in turn injects high-quality assets into the acquisition and further strengthens the integration of the consumer electronics industry. In January 2018, the beneficiary technology marketed the shell through the reverse acquisition of educative magnets, and the company’s securities were changed to profit-making.
Beneficiary technology, a conglomerate supplier that combines the consumption of electronic metal structures, internal and external functional devices, glues and shielding, with the full-scale process required for sophisticated devices such as moisturization, pressurization, cnc processing, hard fixation, etc., with clients including end-user manufacturers such as apples, tiles, opo, vivos.
The company has been able to build synergies in the areas of procurement channels, technology development, customer resources and business management.
The client group has effectively enriched the company’s product lines and optimized its product structure, further enhancing the integration of the consumer electronics sector, and effectively increasing its resilience to risks and cycles.
In late August 2019, the company completed the acquisition of salcomp plc, which began in September with a table. Selcon, based in Finland, is a global leader in charge of chargers, adaptor development, manufacturers, product lines cover smart phones, flats, and smart homes.
The company successfully cut into the appliance appliance industry and imported smt and fatp capabilities to provide customers with product services in the area of breakdowns Oem and odm, and successfully achieved the complete industry chain of material-precision zero components-modules-system assembly, capital-added materials and precision processing, and further refined product structure.
The stock plan announced that it would raise no more than 3 billion yuan through non-public shares, and raise funds to be invested in sophisticated processing projects (1,566 million yuan for two years of construction) and in electromagnetic material projects (544 million yuan for one year of construction) that would be publicly released for a total of 3 billion yuan.
Precision metal processing projects: The total investment in this project is $18,577,476,000, with a two-year construction period, and downstream applications for project products include consumer electronics and automobiles, among which consumer electronics customers include apples, Hwa, opo, vivo, milli, etc., and automobiles, including Dechan Electrics, Manbel to Mada, etc.
Products include auto motor structures, plugs (plugs in pin), wireless chargers and radiators. After completion and completion of the project, the company will produce 40 million motor structures, 200 million power plugs, 50 million wireless chargers and 58 million computers and cellular radiators per year, with an expected annual sales income of $368 million.
electromagnetic functional material project: The total investment in this project is 66,58,498 million yuan, with a one-year project construction period, which, upon completion, will result in the realization of 12.24 million tons of high-performance magnetic materials per year and 59,32 million square metres of mosaic material (including nanocrystals, inhaling material, ionic film, protective film and double-faced glue) and is expected to yield an annual sales income of $163,590.0 million, net profit
According to the company's private release plan, the problem of dependence on imports of core raw materials for high-performance materials and mechanized products is now serious, with countries or regions such as Japan, Korea, Europe and the United States holding the right to speak with industry, with Japanese tdk and Korea's two dragons mainly producing high-performance permagnetic iron oxygen and maintaining a strong competitive advantage.
But the main production of medium- and low-end products is currently about 70% of the high-performance permagnetic iron oxygen body dependent on imports. The supply of raw materials in the industry is also concentrated in the hands of foreign companies like 3m, Desha, etc. The implementation of the company’s electromagnetic function project has helped to increase the autonomous production capacity of our country’s advanced materials, reduce dependence on imports, strengthen the company’s technological leadership, and increase production.
In January 2020, the company issued the Proclamation on Transfer of Holdings and Holdings, which is intended to transfer 100% of the shares held in the Shenzhen Twilight Power in RMB 80 million.
(except for the salcomplc shares) and the transfer of 100% of the share of the river powder high to the Antxe Crystal Electric Technology Ltd. As a result of this transfer, the company removed the evidence of the declining quality of profit and contact control module operations, which helped to further optimize the company’s assets and improve the quality of the company’s profitability.
Figure 5: Corporate development, continuous up-and-down extension, building a one-stop sophisticated manufacturing platform. Through multiple acquisitions and fund-raising, intelligence is constantly going up and down, upstream is going up and down, up and down the chain is going well, down and down, and downstream is going down through small pieces.
The company makes full use of the advantages of automating most of its products, as well as the powerful automated production lines, by providing customers with sophisticated modules for mobile phones, soft packages, one-stop solutions for customers, and by effectively building a single-stop sophisticated manufacturing platform.
According to the company’s annual report of 2019, the company had eight major departments, including magnets, mutilators, cncs, presses, structures, assembly, automation, and chargers.
The Ministry of Industry, which deals with sophisticated functional devices, sophisticated structures, magnetic materials, chargers, and system assembly. The company’s trade and logistics services were withdrawn in 2019, while the less profitable displays and touch-and-touch model operations are being dissipated.
They also have the manufacturing power of smt, combined with the ability to integrate systems that can provide customers with product services for oems and odms in the area of disaggregation. As the company’s sophisticated manufacturing platform strategy moves forward, companies are expected to take advantage of their own strengths, build on consumer electronics modules in the future, and fully apply their sophisticated manufacturing and vertical integration capabilities in the mobile phone industry.
Cross-cutting into other industries such as new energy vehicles, medical, aerospace, security, 5g, lot, wearing equipment, etc., to capture new development engines and growth points in the future market and further expand the commercial layout.
The semi-annual collection of $8,866 million for sophisticated functions and structural units, representing a share of 74.29 per cent of total revenue, was the largest for companies, accounting for $1,070 million, or 8.96 per cent, while the share of functional and structural units was more than 85 per cent in 2019 for material-type operations, 5g products and other operations, respectively, with a relatively small share for electrical chargers and materials.
The importance of the sophisticated functional & structural units business is expected to be further highlighted by the successful decoupling of the real and touch module operations. Figure 8: Ingenuity-based income structure for the first half of 2020. Figure 9: Ingenuity-based Mäori structure 2019
1.2 Corporate financial analysis: Technology for profit is well run and is gradually emerging from the negative impacts of the resources of the shell. Technology for profit is a resource-making agent with a steady growth in performance. Technology for profit for a market-based firm, with revenues of 123.34, 145.38 and 7,817 million yuan in operating income in the first half of 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively.
The share of revenue earned by listed companies in the same period was 54.82%, 60.79% and 65.45%, respectively, and was sound in the lead business, the most important of which was for profit, but the performance of other businesses was poor, delaying the company’s overall performance.
In terms of performance fluctuations. In terms of displaying and contact control module operations, the company announced the first acquisition of the Emperor ' s crystal light power in December 2014, and the merger was officially completed on 14 September 2015, with a net profit commitment share for the period 2015-2017. In terms of performance commitments, the sophisticated structure software business, the company announced the acquisition of the Orient colour in October 2015 and the purchase of the East colour.
Net international profits of $162, 162 and -90 million, respectively, did not meet performance commitments in 2017; in the field of magnetic material operations, the gyromagnetized magnets products were predominantly permagnetic and soft-magnetic-magnetic-oxy components, with sales of $933 million, $846 million and $329 million in the first half of 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively.
As a result, corporate resource consolidation has achieved a gradual victory with a loss-win in the East. While corporate corporate-owned technology has achieved a steady increase in revenue and profits over the past few years, some of the businesses of Shell have performed less than expected, adding up performance to compensate for stock gains and losses, asset impairments, and fluctuations in corporate overall performance.
In July 2020, the company announced that it had completed the transfer of the Helming Light Power and 100% of Quantities in Quantico, adding the Eastern Colors to the first half of 2020. The company borrowed its own shell.
The company is now focusing on three major business blocks of sophisticated structural and functional components, chargers and magnetic materials, and has successfully achieved the vertical integration of the whole industry chain of “materials-precision parts-modules-system assembly” and effectively highlights the company's core business position through the sale of lost assets, with the expectation that the profit quality will be mentioned.
The Māori rate of the main business has remained stable and is expected to remain above 20% in the future. With regard to Māori, after the completion of technology in 2018, the company ' s main business and product structure changed and changed its name, the product categories expanded, there were significant synergies between products, and the combined customer resources were expanded and shared, leading to a steady increase in the company ' s Māori ratio.
Sub-products show that in 2018, 2019 and the first half of 2020, the rate of Māori was 25.97 per cent, 26.23 per cent and 22.77 per cent, respectively, well above the rate of other lines of operation. Thus, precision functions and structural units are not just companies; on the one hand, they are affected by an overseas epidemic; on the other hand, factories in Brazil and India have low rates of q2 resumption; and lower production lines are being used.
Corporate profitability as a whole: on the other hand, the market is becoming more competitive because smartphones are on the downside, and companies are effectively deepening their work with customers and increasing their customer stickyness by using proactive price reduction strategies to match their clients. As a result, short-term profits have been affected, but the scale of sales has been achieved under the epidemic.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, and the company’s profit growth driven by the release of new products in the second half of the year, the company’s Māori ratio is expected to stabilize at more than 20%. The cost rate has remained stable since the merger, and the costs have been well regulated.
The share of costs between firms in the first half of 2018, 2019 and 2020 was significantly lower than the comparable average. The share of R & D inputs remained stable, building autonomous innovation advantages.
In recent years, research and development investment has been sustained and results achieved in the development of sophisticated molds, new products, and new production technologies and technological innovations. The cost of R & D in the company was $640 million in the first half of 2020, a year-on-year increase.
The construction of automated production lines has continued, and the efficiency of operations has improved considerably. Using the benefits of ai, robotic development, to an industrial-wide solution of automated production, a combination of autonomous research and development of multiple types, multifunctional digital controls, automation equipment, and the construction of state-of-the-art, domestically advanced smart production workshops have been successful in building efficient modern and intelligent factories.
After more than a decade of continuous deep cultivation and accumulation, companies have taken the lead in controlling the core technology of industrial robots in their entirety, including joint speed reduction machines, straight drive motors, server drives, controller hardware and software, while developing industrial robots with various innovative structures specifically designed for the consumer electronics industry, thus enabling the customization and specialization of automated equipment.
With the growth of automated production lines, the efficiency of the company's operations has increased significantly, the net asset rate of return is significantly higher than the industry's average, the precision functional devices are moving towards higher integration and performance, and the company's competitive edge is increasing.
Smart terminals, typically, provide services such as audio-visual, data, office, high-speed central processors and operating systems that employ a variety of smart technologies. Smart terminals, as an important tool for human interaction, are becoming more and more visible in the transmission of information.
Computers, smart phones, smart homes, vehicle navigation to multimedia broadcast equipment, etc., smart terminals are gradually penetrating every aspect of people's lives.
Small screen smart terminals: smartphones, flatboard computers, vehicle navigation, smart industry applications and professional equipment smart terminals: self-service devices, retail terminals, educational training, large game equipment, industrial control, financial services, medical equipment
Consumer-type smart terminals: smart phones, smart wearable devices, tablet computers, laptops, desktop computers, smart television, etc. Mobile smart terminals: smartphones, smart wearable devices, tablet computers, etc.
Intelligent terminal manufacturers are divided into four main categories.
Four main categories of commercial, mechanical and electrical components, structural components, and functional components manufacturers. Electronic components manufacturers provide mainly chip, storage, audio, resistance, capacitors, connectors, etc.: they provide mainly smart terminals that are both electronic and structural in nature, including screens, cameras, speakers, motors, flexible circuit boards, etc.
Structural component manufacturers provide mainly protective and supportive components with high size accuracy, high surface quality, high performance requirements, plastics or hardware components associated with end size, structure, appearance: functional device manufacturers provide mainly a variety of products for specific functions, including hardening, sealing, heat conductor, buffer, insulation, shielding, label, key press, etc.
From an industrial chain perspective, the sophisticated functional products industry includes upstream raw materials and downstream consumer electronics industries (smart hands, tablets, laptops, wearing devices, etc.), with upstream raw materials containing single-faced glue, protective membrane, electromagnetic shielding devices, conductors, dustnets, insulation chips, identification products, hardeners, functional buttons, etc., to achieve this.
Combining, protecting, jamming, heating, dustproofing, insulation, marking, etc. between functional modules or parts of products such as communications equipment, computers, mobile phones, automobile electronics; downstream functional devices such as smartphones, laptops, tablets, etc.
The contradiction between the standardized production of materials manufacturers and the diversification and customization of the demand of producers of whole-time electronics and components for downstream consumption, with the widespread use of consumer smart end products in people ' s daily lives, is good in industry, figure 26: The precision functional equipment industry and its upstream and downstream industrial chain structure
Table 4: Accurate functional devices, consisting of both base materials and glues, primarily secure in products such as communications equipment, computers, mobile phones, motors, etc., and, depending on the application scenario or with glue, shock relief and waterproofing. Early mono-faced glues are mainly used to replace traditional gold.
One-and-one-sided glue is a tight screw, with the main foundation being a pet, weak glue, and a single function. As downstream industries develop (e.g., consumption, electronics are becoming more robust, thinner, etc.) and new materials are being rolled out, single-sided glues are either too thin or too thick or sticky.
The electronics work without wishing to be disturbed by outside electromagnetic waves, or by their own electromagnetic waves, or by radiation hazards to the human body, so it is necessary to block the transmission path of the electromagnetic waves, which is an electromagnetic shield.
The electromagnetic shield decline is mainly based on the reflection of the electromagnetic wave and on the absorption of the electromagnetic wave. The electronic device performs shielding mainly through the structure of the body and the shield cushion. The structure is usually a box with a certain thickness and is made of steel panels, aluminium panels, copper panels or metal plating, conductive coatings. The shield cushion is a conductive device.
The heater material, an electromagnetic shield at the cracks in the box, is processed by industrial techniques such as pressing, forming and thermal processing of materials such as metals, plastics, silicon glues and fabrics. In addition, for products with conductors, components such as magnetic rings/magnets are used for shielding; and for ventilation holes.
, the cut-off wave ventilation board (the cellular board), designed according to the cut-off wave guidance principle, solves the radiative ventilation problems of the equipment and has an efficient electromagnetic shielding effect. Currently, the electromagnetic shielding devices used are mainly conductive plastics, conductive silicon, metal shielding, conductive sheet cushions, so on.
The increasing performance of electronics and the increasing degree of integration and assembly density have led to a sharp increase in their productivity and heat, which means that effective heat evaporation becomes more important than ever before, a trend that provides an opportunity for the development of heat-conducting materials. In thermal science, heat evaporation is the transfer of heat, and there are three main modes of heat transmission: heat transfer, heat flow and heat radiation.
The radiator system can consist of fans, radiators (e.g. graphite chips, metal radiators, etc.) and conductor interfaces. The working method is based on the normal cpu wind cool radiator, cpu radiator contactes the cpu surface through the conductor interface device, cpu surface.
The heat is passed on to the cpu radiator, and the air flow generated by the radiant fan removes the heat from the surface of the cpu radiator. The heat interface device function is to expand the range of the smart terminal applications, driving the dynamic development of the upstream sophisticated functional device industry. As 5g and hardware technology such as the expansion of the artificial intelligent applications, communications technology, computing technology, and chips mature and develop, intelligence is required.
There will also be an increase in the reach of the terminals, and the tws headphones, smart watches, smart bracelets, etc., beyond smartphones, tablet computers, laptops, and more smart terminals will speed up the penetration rate, and the intelligent terminal precision devices industry will flourish.
In recent years, smart terminals, represented by smartphones, have evolved in a light, multifunctional and high-performance direction, and are more demanding in the design and production of sophisticated devices. In recent years, smart terminals, represented by smartphones, have evolved in a light, multifunctional and high-performance direction, aiming to achieve higher end-performance through lighter airframes.
The design requires a high degree of integration of the body components, increasing the density of the assembly, and efficient saving of the internal space: stronger properties can require higher requirements for the functionality and speed of operation of the smart terminal, leading to a sharp increase in the body and body function and heat, thus requiring better evasiveness, reliability and durability of the internal components.
The trend toward fertilization and high performance, and the continuous movement of sophisticated functional devices towards high precision density and high performance, places higher demands on the design and production processes of precision power and energy devices. The size of intelligence, technology, and double-leading advantage are increasingly evident.
The endpoints move in the direction of lightening and high performance, requiring firms to continuously upgrade their technology by requiring higher levels of product design and production processes on the one hand, and the development of new materials and processes on the other hand, forcing firms to increase the use of high performance materials, such as graphite, that have emerged in recent years.
With more demand for processing technology, process accuracy, and assembly capacity in the industry, smaller SMEs will gradually emerge, while large firms with good equipment, capital, and strong technology will gain a greater market share and increasingly competitive advantage. Intelligents have a greater size of production and sustained supply capacity than competitors in the industry, and they will lose to individual customers.
In addition, due to the high level of automation and precision required of the production line by sophisticated functional devices, continuous R & D inputs have been made, with some results in precision mold development, core production technologies, new product R & D and process innovation, and a small number of countries have simultaneous design development capabilities, output, etc.
One of the companies with a high level of integrity, large-scale production capacity and the ability to provide an overall solution, a new, technological iphone 5g, has been published, namely, to take the intellectual advantage of the opportunity to increase prices, and the amount of smartphones in the country has continued to shrink, but the 5g cellular ratio has increased rapidly.
The amount of smartphones coming out of the country is a significant decline, with 175 million smartphones accumulated in January-July this year, a decline of 17.05% compared to the same period last year. In contrast to the overall contraction of the domestic mobile market, 5g mobile phones have been rapidly infiltrated, and since the opening of the country’s first 5g mobile phone last July, 5g mobile phones have become major manufacturers.
The competition focused on the launching of new mobile phones to support 5g signals by the Andres camp, which contributed to a rapid increase in the 5g mobile ratio. From the point of view of the volume of shipments, the total volume of 5g mobile phones delivered in January-March this year was 14.06 million, representing 29.20% of the total number of deliveries, and the total volume of 5g mobile phones delivered in April-June was 49.53.8 million, representing 47.58% of the total number of deliveries.
In July 2020, the volume of 5g mobile phones in the country rose to 1391.10 million, representing 62.38 per cent of the total number of smartphones, and 5g mobile phones have become the main product of the type of machine being sold.
A large-scale 4g base station was set up, followed by a rapid increase in the ratio of 4g mobile phones in the following two years, with a ratio of nearly 70% and nearly 90% in the following two years, creating a clear change of machine effect. From the 4g development, the issuance of communication plates was the peak of the renewal of smartphones, which supported a new generation of mobile communication technology smartphones.
4g user penetration: rapid user penetration within three years of issuing licence plates. In terms of growth in 4g users, the penetration rate for the country is 7.56%; the penetration rate for 46 users within two years of issuing licence plates is close to 30% and 79.36% within three years of issuing licence plates. Thus, the rapid user penetration period within three years of issuing 4g licence plates, followed by a trend for 4g users.
In the second half of the year, the iPhone view point: 5g version of iPhone drives the switch of smart phones, communications upgrades + structural innovations lead to an increase in the value of single machines. The market expects apples to release 4 new iPhone inches supporting 5g communications later this year. Depending on the coverage of 5g networks in different countries or regions, iPhone12 is expected to support the sub-6ghz network.
In addition to supporting the 5g network, the new iPhone is expected to be a major innovation in the optical field, with some models expected to be equipped with three +tof (flying time) cameras to improve optical imaging quality and capture 3d dynamic images better. In addition, the market expects that the iPhone 12 series will be like 2020 ipadpro.
Similarly, the value of the relevant zero-components will be raised with a libar scanner and 120hz high-scaling screen. Figure 33: Five new iphones in 2020, compared to previous years, the new iphones released by apples this year will have the following characteristics: 1. Support the 5g network: the second half of the year
The release of iPhone12 will support the 5g network and use different network support specifications in different countries and regions: roll-out of iPhone in countries already covered by the millimetre wave network and support of the mmwave/sub-6ghz version, while launching of iPhone in markets supporting only the sub-6ghz spectrum only to save 2 more sales
Type: Five iphones are expected to be released this year, from iphonese in the first half of the year to a new 5g machine in the second half of the year, with sales prices ranging from $3,000 to over $10,000, to include a wider user group; except for the low-level iphone in the first half of the year, the size of the iphone screen in the second half of the year was 5.4 inches - 6.7 inches, and the iphone in 2019.
The size range is 5.8 inches - 6.5 inches, and the size range has also expanded, and is expected to attract more users with more sensitivity to the size of the machine; 3. Optical innovation continues to be upgraded: part 5g will be equipped with a combination of three +tof sensors to further enhance imaging quality and better detect depth information and enhance ar capacity. 2020 is the world ' s leading economy.
With 5g, multi-organic strategies and continuous innovation on the optical track, iPhones are expected to boost global smartphone user needs, and the industrial chain is expected to be more resilient. Looking back at the intellectual development of smartphones with optical, panel, shell, wireless charge, waterproof, heat-disperse, etc.
Structural innovations are moving forward, and the value of spare parts supplied to iPhones by intellectually is increasing with the average price of iPhones. According to the company ' s Stock Purchase and Associated Transactions Report, the value of spare parts supplied to iPhones by technology has been increasing since their entry into the iPhone supply chain in 2009, from iPhone6s.
$3.11 plus $16.94 for iphonex. Apples are expected to release 5g versions of iphone innovation in the second half of the year, compared to the models issued in the last two or three years, and are expected to be more innovative in terms of communications, shielding heat, waterproof air and optical components, and the volume of single machines for the cell phone's fine zero components is expected to continue to increase, and to be intelligent.
4.5g mobile phone performance has increased several times, with attention paid to structural upgrades in areas such as wireless charging, radiation, etc. 4.15g mobile phone power has increased several times and demand for radiation has increased significantly
5g mobile phones have increased their performance significantly and their power has increased several times. Compared to ute, 5g mobile phones have faster grid speeds and higher spectrum usage, with user experience ranging from 100 mbps to 1gbps, equivalent to 10-100 times that of 4g mobile phones, and with greater bandwidth, 5g mobile phone data processing capabilities and data processing capacity will be increased accordingly, with computing capacity.
It's at least five times higher than the current 4g chip, and its power has increased significantly. Moreover, a significant increase in the resolution of smartphone screens and frequent searches for 5g signals will also have a significant impact on the ability of mobile phones to continue.
With 5g mobile phones in need of larger-capacity batteries, more efficient chargers and more effective heat solutions, the high temperature of the components affects the performance and reliability of the electronics and the need to upgrade the smartphone radiator system. The heat in the equipment's operation has a direct impact on the performance and reliability of the electronics, and tests have shown that the temperature of the electronics is 2°C per temperature increase.
The reliability of the device will decline by 10 per cent, and the temperature rise by 50 °C will last only 1/6 of the temperature rise of 25 °C. For example, the temperature of the device is reduced by an order of magnitude for every 20 °C increase in the device, and the average failure-free time of the device (mttf). Thus, the temperature of the control device is an essential means of safeguarding the reliability of the device.
Thermal materials and devices are used to solve heat management problems in electronic equipment, while the 4g mobile phone is based on "conductor + conductor interface materials." Thermal materials and devices effectively transfer heat from the heat generator to the heat radiator. The main effect is to mitigate heat phenomena in the system resulting from long hours of work.
The radiator lifetime. The 4g mobile phone radiation program is dominated by "conductor + conductor interface material", in which the conductor is mostly based on graphite or graphite, which increases the area and efficiency of the radiation by close proximity to the heat source, achieves heat transfer and transfer: conductor heat; interface materials are highly conductive and are used primarily to fill the microspaces and surface contours generated by the combination or contact of the two materials.
An uneven hole that creates an effective heat transfer channel between electronic components and radiators that significantly reduces heat-transmission resistance and enhances the evaporation of the device. By type, the conductor interface material can be divided into conductor silicate, conductor silicon film, and conductor phase. Figure 35: Conductor interface material map
The traditional graphite radiator program is no longer satisfactory. The radiant graphite membranes (also known as heat-guided graphite membranes, heat-guided graphite tablets, etc.) have light, high-temperature, heat-transmission efficiency features that are good substitutes for copper and aluminium radiators, which have been applied to smart phones since 2011 and have been mainstreamed into consumer electronics in the 4g era.
5g mobile phones have faster grid speeds and higher spectrum usage, with an average power increase of about 30% compared to 4g mobile phones, a sharp increase in cellular heat, a traditional heat radiation programme for graphite plus heat interface materials that is no longer able to meet the end-of-pipe evaporation requirements The heat tubes/vc have become a new type of cellular evaporation solution and are expected to continue to increase penetration rates.
The insulation and condensation segments consist of the radiative path: the heat generated within the terminal is passed through the conductor interface material to the heat tubes, the heat is rapidly passed to the copper platinum, the heat is further transferred to the radiant graphite membranes, and the heat is dispersed in the flat direction. The average heat plate is also called the flat heat plate, compared to the radiator.
The mode of transmission is upgraded from one-dimensional linear transmission to a two-dimensional level transfer, with an increase in radiative efficiency of about 20-30%. The range of applications shows that the thermal tubes mature at an earlier and relatively lower cost, and are used more early in the areas of servers, notebooks, led and high-poweric, and is now extended to some medium-to-central high-end mobile phones with relatively high production costs and yield capacity.
Weak, current applications are limited to high-end notebooks and middle-end smartphones. In the context of consumer electron ultra thinning, light quantification, and continuous upgrading of performance, the heat tubes and vc are expected to take full advantage of their heat conductivity, with a continuous increase in penetration.
For upgrades, the 5g mobile phone model, which has been published, in addition to using graphite/ graphiteene, as a conductor, mostly carries metal cavcs, such as heat tubes/vc, to allow for a rapid transfer of heat. We expect that " graphite + heat tubes" or " graphite +vc" in the 5g era will be marked as mobile phones and that the value of mobile radiator systems will be significantly increased.
In general, the value is $2-3 and the amount of graphite used by mobile phones is expected to double; the unit cost of cell phones is $5-10, the cell phone vc is about $10-20, and the average price of the cellular radiator system is significantly higher. 5g mobile phones are significantly more functional than 4g phones, with more intensive internal space, and spare parts are more integrated.
In addition to increasing the use of traditional graphite, the spread of copper tubes and vc high-value evaporation components will drive up the market size of the mobile evaporation industry. According to statistics, the global market for cellular evaporation was $1.42 billion in 2018, while yole expected the market to be much larger by $3.58 billion in 2022, with a combined growth rate of 21.55% in 2019-2022.
Through a private fund-raising programme, the project is expected to produce 5,800 computers and cellular radiator tubes per year, leading to growth in corporate performance. 4.2 Wireless charging is on the rise and applications are expanding rapidly downstream.
Wireless charging has multiple advantages and has a large market space. Compared to traditional wire charging, wireless charging has advantages in terms of safety, spiritual activity and interoperability. It has vast applications and market space in areas such as smart phones, wearable equipment, auto electronics, home appliances, etc.
Ihs believe that the global wireless charging market will grow from $1.7 billion in 2015 to $15 billion in 2024, with an annual compound growth rate of 27 per cent. In 2019, the global wireless charging rate was 24 per cent, concentrated mainly on high-end flagship models, and is expected to gradually penetrate medium- and low-end mobile phones in the future.
As a new generation of mobile communication technologies, the 5g network can support up to 1 million per square kilometer of connection density, effectively supporting the access of big equipment, which is a set of standards of communication in the age of interconnectivity. The number of electrical devices used in the age of interconnectivity has multiplied several times, with different standards used for different devices.
It is a challenge to charge the devices. Wire-to-use charging is based on a uniform charge standard, with a high degree of ease, safety and space utilization, and the same wireless charge base is capable of charging different equipment at the same time, saving the problems of carrying a variety of charge-wire material; the features of the charge-to-charge are conducive to the fragmentation of the equipment, and the user is able to charge the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office, the office.
Some of McDonald’s and Starbucks are known to have provided wireless charging services, IKEA has begun to install wireless charging furniture, and wireless charging in the public service domain is a promising prospect.
Figure 39: Part of the application site for wireless charging.
Wireless charging applications in hotels Terminal penetration: Wire charged has become a flag ship. Samsung was one of the first cell phone manufacturers to support wireless charging services, starting with the roll-out of the galaxys6 launched in 2015, and subsequently released flag ships,
Note series is marked with wireless charge; apples introduced in 2014 an applewatch using magsafe magnetism for wireless charge, and for the first time at the 2017 launch of three new items iphone x and iphone8/8prus supporting wireless charge, all three mobile phone products carrying wireless charge technology using the qi standard, with a maximum support of 7.5w
Wireless charging caused strong market interest; in 2018, domestic mobile phone manufacturers such as Hua and Mi built wireless charging technology on flag fleets such as maters, mate20pro, mix2s, mix3, and terminals such as Nokia, Sony and lig overseas followed a wireless charging programme, which gradually became flag ship approximation.
Wireless charging has grown more mature and the charge power has increased considerably. Wire charging has many advantages, but it has been stored at the beginning of the roll-out, with problems such as low charge power and high cellular heat, which have been hampered by slow penetration. Since 2019, the wireless charge program introduced by the major mobile phones has increased significantly in the charge capacity, and it has come close.
Pro and p30pro, both released in the first half of 2019, carried the 15w wireless charge programme, while the wireless charge power was raised to 27w in the mate30pro and p40pro mobile phones, exceeding the mainstream cable charge programme; millet applied the 20w wireless charge in the February 2019 release of millet9 and the wireless charge power in the 9pro and 10 series of millet
Up to 30w, with more than 50% in 25 minutes, with 100% in 69 minutes, the wireless charge will be fully functional, while the latest Mi10 to Hmue version released by Mi has been fully optimized for battery programmes, charging strategies, element selection, charging coils and even wireless co-ins, with the first use of multi-level transmission current management techniques and the introduction of 5 layers of nanometers.
Crystals and multi-share wiring technologies, among others, raise the wireless charge to 50w. Moreover, the nine millimeters of millet and the ten series of millimeters also support wireless inverted charge, which can be charged by mobile phones for other electronic products such as mobile phones, headphones, toothbrushes, etc., with some practical value during travel, further widening the application of wireless charge.
With the spread of high-capacity applications such as games, videos, and the advent of the 5g era, new demands have been put on mobile phones to continue their flight and charge. Wireless charging takes full advantage of the time of fragmentation to power the cell phones, to some extent to address the pain of the user's insufficient renewal. Wireless charging technology has now become the focus of competition among major mobile phone manufacturers, and since this year, manufacturers have been able to compete.
There is a clear difference between the rate of partial wireless charging and wire charging. We believe that a breakthrough in wireless charging will accelerate the large-scale application of the technology, and mobile phone manufacturers such as 0pp0 and vivo, which have not yet launched wireless charging, are expected to launch in the future a type of machine to support wireless charging, which will only introduce wireless charging.
In the future, manufacturers are expected to expand wireless charging from the flagship to the lower-middle-end, with further increases in wireless charge penetration expected, and even full replacements for wire charged. According to ihsmarkit, the market is expected to reach $15 billion in 2024, with an average compound growth rate of more than 30 per cent per year.
From an industrial chain perspective, wireless charging is divided into five main links: program design, power chips, magnetic materials, transmission loops, and modular manufacturing. From the value composition of the links, the technical barriers to programme design and power chips are higher and are now dominated by foreign firms, accounting for 30% and 28% of the value of the industrial chain, respectively; magnetic materials are materials.
The largest portion of the cost, 21 per cent of the total wireless charge cost, and more than 50 per cent of the material cost; The transmission loop is a key component in the industrial chain, with high customer customization characteristics, and a small number of companies in the country now have customization capacity; the technical threshold and value of the modular manufacturing link are relatively low, and account for no more than the cost of the industrial chain.
10%, and many more of the country’s producers are currently following up quickly. Figure 40: Wireless charger industry chain benefits have been laid out on wireless charge multiple links, with full control of the wireless charge development wave.
The acquisition of salcomp has been successful in expanding the manufacturing capacity of chargers, power adapters and wireless chargers, and importing the manufacturing capacity of smt and system integration. The salcomp is the leading global manufacturer of smartphones and panels chargers, while also providing power adapters for other electronic applications, such as laptops, network tubes, routers, and so forth, in the area of wireless chargers.
According to the company's annual report, in 2019, the company achieved some breakthroughs in the area of wireless charging modules on client and product lines, and started product development with core customers, large overseas customers, domestic customers, non-cell phone users, vr, ar, smart sound boxes. We believe that the wireless charging products, modules and assembly capabilities granted by Selcon are in the same way as the gyros.
Magnetic materials can create stronger synergies, and companies can move on to a vertically integrated layout of wireless chargers from materials to modules, enabling them to take full advantage of the rapid growth of the wireless recharge market and achieve performance growth.
Intelligible devices continue to penetrate and the market is promising. They are portable devices, including tws headphones, smart watches, smart bracelets, ar/vr, etc., which are performed through a variety of technologies, such as software support and cloud interaction, and are widely applied in areas such as recreation, sports, and health.
There is an increasing demand for portability, intelligence and functional integration of electronics, the rapid development of wireless technology, cloud computing and ai, which is represented by bluetooth 5.0, and the continuous increase in penetration of smart and wearable devices into a high-speed development period.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the global volume of serviceable equipment was 119 million, an increase of 82.3 per cent, and a record high in the first quarter. By sub-product type, the volume of handheld equipment was 170.5 million in 2019, an increase of 25.5 per cent, or 50.7 per cent, and the proportion of serviceable equipment was 92.4 million and 69.4 million, respectively, for smart watches and wristbands.
This compares to 27.5% and 20.6% of Apple's performance, which is characterized by the rapid expansion of the market, which is the driving force behind apple performance growth. The benefits are the rapid expansion of the market, which is represented by airpods, applewatch, and smartphones.
The furniture and accessories business has become the fastest growing part of Apple’s performance, with revenue growing by 26.08 per cent in the fiscal year 2016-2019, up from 6.46 per cent for Apple as a whole. As a result of the epidemic, the growth in wearables has slowed since 2020, but operating revenues of $22.8 billion between the first and third fiscal seasons have been realized, representing an increase of 5.90 per cent, compared with an increase of 5.90 per cent.
The tws are the fastest-growing apparel, with increasing market heat. The tws headphones have the advantages of carrying, connecting, and second-hand software.
By 2018, 46 million deliveries had been made, with an annual compound growth rate of 124 per cent; in the first three quarters of 2019, global tws had 77.5 million headphones delivered, more than all of 2018. According to Canalys, the global tws were expected to deliver more than 200 million in 2020. With the Bluetooth 5.0 breakthrough, transmissions had risen to intact levels.
Airpods are the tws tws current leader, consolidating their advantage. Apple’s first generation of airpods, published in 2016, is the first tws headphone in the world, with ease of transport, speed of connection, stability of calls and long duration of flights.
Speed has become the industry's benchmark, and since its launch has been consistently higher than market expectations, successfully leading the tws tide. After the success of the first generation of airpods, Apple issued the second generation of airpods and the second generation of airpodspro with active noise mitigation functions in 2019, effectively consolidating its dominance in the tws market.
Airpods gained a market share of 26% of the wireless headphone market within a short period of time, rapidly leapping to the top of the wireless headphones; the second year of sale (2017) was 14 million pairs, a 150-35 million increase in 2018, and is expected to reach about 60 million in 2019. In 2018, Appleairpods took over the global Tws headphone market.
Seventy-six per cent of the market share, although in 2019 the market share of Apple 19q3 fell to 45 per cent in Tws as a result of the breakthroughs in key Andres tws technology, was still in the forefront, with sales expected to exceed 50 per cent and receipts over 70 per cent for the entire year 2019. And, according to a survey conducted in September 2019, airpods were still the most popular.
Real Wireless Headphone brands, where about 57% of American consumers use airpods as their first choice for headphone change, highlighting their dominance in tws. Smart watch is an important entry to human health data, the installation of Esim cards is effective in enhancing independence, and end-user follow-up is ongoing.
The smart watch is tight to the skin of the body, allows for the effective collection of vital indicators obtained by the smartphone without the means, and integrates sleep surveillance, sit-in alerts and fall-and-drop tests, which make the application irreplaceable. The implantation of the esim card greatly enhances the independence of the smart watch, making the smart watch independent of the intelligence.
Cell phones have worked, and now mainstream mobile phone manufacturers such as Apple, Samsung, Hua, Mi and others have introduced smart watch products that support esim, which are becoming more powerful and more expensive. In the 5g era, smart watches that support esim cards will become new portals and nodes for the interconnection of everything, leading to an increase in the volume of goods and market size.
Applewatch: Health + physical orientation, with strong leadership. Since September 2014, when Apple launched its first generation of apple watch, apples have released five generations of smart watch products. Despite the increasing functionality of the product, the positioning of health performance remains unchanged, and the healthy ecology of apple leads is being upgraded and improved.
It also takes into account the needs of sports scenes, providing practical functions such as running runs, gps navigation, etc. The global smartwatch market was about 42 million dollars in the first half of the first half of the year, an increase of 20 per cent over the previous year, with the applewatch ranked first by 51.4 per cent of the share received, an increase of 8.2 percentage points over the same period the previous year, with a strong lead position.
In 2019, it entered the Appleairpods supply chain to serve as a core supplier of small pieces of apple metal. The new Airpodspro added active noise reduction and ipx4 level sweatproofing functions, and the fuselage was more complex, bringing with it metal.
The company currently has two to three customers in the off-the-shelf area, besides the airpods, it is also the main supplier of watches, the product covers tws headphones, smart watches, ar, vr, etc., and it participates in products such as slashing, pressurization, cnc, placing, software and chargers.
High-speed development, with the advantage of vertical integration in the field of precision devices, is expected to be demonstrated and will guarantee companies continued access in the future to figure 44: airpodspro demapping investment proposals: companies have the core competencies required for precision modelling and production equipment and build them through multiple M&As
A sophisticated manufacturing platform that integrates vertically from upstream materials, medium-stream structures, downstream modules, and succeeds in downstream customer outreach, product expansion, and increased share of existing products. The trend of light, high-performance intelligent terminals in the 5g era has been further highlighted, leading to an increase in the number of operations as a cutting-edge function and structural backbone in the country.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have either a qualification in portfolio investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.