Events of 15 September 2017: recent Japanese-American groups issued mid-point 2017, generating business revenues of $12.450 billion in January-June 2017, an increase of 60.53 per cent.
The United States group (000333.sz) has achieved high-speed growth in all categories of goods. Air conditioning is growing at the fastest rate: in the first half of 2017, the company continued to insist on three strategic axes: “products lead, efficiency drive, global operations”, with high-speed growth in all product groups, with HAC revenue reaching $50.23 billion, or 41.52%.
In addition, domestic market revenues amounted to $61 billion, or 51.76 per cent, compared to 51.7 per cent; the offshore market benefited from a merger between Kuka and Toshiba, with a marked expansion, with revenue of $55,463 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 77,05 per cent. \triangleright
Over $20 billion, an 80% increase in the same year, continues to be the top of the net, with online revenues accounting for nearly 25% of the internal sales. Companies actively seized the trend of “new retailing” through a set of stocks, a system, a sku, continued implementation of the “t+3” distribution model, consolidation and sharing of inventory resources, and raising the overall price of the research assistant Lee Dan.
The rapid response of the value chain and the efficiency of the pipeline’s inventory, which fell by 27% in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis, and the steady increase in the timeliness of order delivery, which is 98%, truly reflective of the ability of intelligent logistics to deliver under the requirements of smart supply chain management. The Kuka and watch group continues to expand robotic operations with good growth: in the first half of 2017, the Kuka robot business generated $13.6 billion, an increase of 34.9%.
Li Xing’s research assistant and continued to acquire new order resources, which grew by 16%. The number of industrial robots currently in use worldwide is now more than 1.5 million. By 2018, this number is expected to break out of 2.3 million, 1.4 million of which are in Asia, accounting for more than half.
An important force in the steady growth of the global robotics industry.
The corresponding returns are calculated at $2.50, $3.09 and $3.43. Taking into account the good market occupancy and development potential of the United States group, the risk factors for maintaining the company “buying the Sinda Securities Company” are: less efficient logistics and service systems supporting electricity suppliers; less rapid economic development in China than expected; and less than expected consumption escalation trends;
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
The natural gas industry chain, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, and carbon emissions. Toysche, Master of International Trade and Commercial Law, University of McCorrey, formally added to the CSDR Centre in December 2014, in the consumer and energy-chemical industries.
Li Dan, Research Assistant. Research areas cover household electricity, light labour, retail sales, textile clothing, food beverages, etc. Graduated from the London School of Political Economy, obtaining a double master ' s degree in marketing and information systems. Served in Sumsuna group, theeuropeanhouse-ambrosetti, responsible for branding and marketing strategic planning of domestic consumer companies, and strategic planning and implementation of overseas companies ' access to Chinese markets.
Li Xing, Research Assistant. Master of Science, University of Newcastle, United Kingdom. One year of experience in financial accounting.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.