The United States Group (000333), which reports for the year 2017, is a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
In the first half of 2017, firms continued to strengthen technological innovation and product restructuring, and, as a result of favourable factors such as the smooth functioning of domestic macroeconomics, the continued recovery of the world economy, and the steady growth of key performance indicators in the face of pressures such as rising raw material costs and land regulation. In the first half of 2017, operating income was $12.45 billion, an increase of 60.53 per cent over the same period in the previous year;
In the first half of 2017, 14 technologies were identified as “international leaders”; in the area of industrial design, 14 industrial designs were obtained.
Germany F Award 2017; Germany Red Point 2017 award for 16 industrial designs. The United States has now established 17 research and development centres around the world, with technical cooperation agreements with leading national and international scientific institutions, such as mit, ucberkeley, uiuc, skanford, purdueuniversity, Qinghua, and the Chinese Academy, to create a joint laboratory for in-depth technical cooperation to build a global innovation ecosystem.
In the first half of 2017, the electricity vendor, which was retailing more than 20 billion dollars in total, grew by more than 80% compared to the previous year, continued to be a top-notch network player. In addition, the IUPAC Science and Technology Platform, which integrates and shares inventory resources and enhances the responsiveness of the entire value chain.
In the first half of 2017, the planning layout of the Andes National Logistics Centre increased from 78 to 111, with a 27% decline in stock size in the first half of the year and a steady increase in the timely delivery of orders to 98%, reflecting the ability to deliver intelligent logistics under the requirements of smart supply chain management.
In the first half of 2017, sales in the main overseas markets increased at a high rate of more than double-digit sales, while overseas operating capacity and the visibility and operations of overseas brands increased steadily. Products such as washing machines, vacuum cleaners, refrigerators, microwaves and freezers were completed and marketed during the first half of the year, while the Department of Cleaning Electric Energy was set up in 2021.
Realizing 10 billion yuan in vacuum business and leading the global vacuum industry.
Figure 5: Māori sales
The United States operates across consumer appliances, heating air conditioners, robotics and automated systems, smart supply chain systems, offering diversified product types and services, with about 130,000 employees, about 200 subsidiaries and 11 strategic business units, and the leading global robot company, the German Kuka Group, the largest shareholder (about 95 per cent). According to Wealth World’s 500th Top List in 2017, the United States ranked 450th highest and 31st higher than last year.
According to the Forbes top 2000 list of global corporations, the United States ranked 335, an increase of 67 over last year, and the United States, in the special launch of the National Branding Program on central television, chose the first national branding program, Top10.
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the financial and intellectual growth of the East, and the Cheong Gang Award.
In the real estate industry, third place.” The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report on its content in an objective and impartial manner, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies