The American group (0003333.sz)
Wang Wei-chul has performed well, and short-term asset premium amortization has slowed up performance. Company performance: $12.5 billion in operating income for company 2017h1, yoy + 60.2% net gain.
With the realization of 64.98 billion yuan, yoy + 64.9 per cent of net profits recorded, $6.46 billion, yoy + 15.6 per cent, and the growth of pre-existing operations, there has also been a rapid increase: on the one hand, there has been a significant increase in corporate revenue, due to the introduction of new technology to Toshiba and the acquisition of enterprises such as Kuka, among which are Kuka, as compared with the same period last year.
In the first half of the year, 13.5 billion yuan was collected, while yoy+35 per cent was raised again, and 7530 million yuan was collected from Toshiba. In addition, the company’s original business was also achieved through air conditioning and small household electricity. The asset premium amortization performance: Kuka recorded a net gain of 450 million yuan in the first half of the year, and yoy+98 per cent (if not).
After removing the cost implications of the Kuka Inme purchase over the same period last year, which actually increased by 35% over the same period), the Toshiba lost $90 million in electricity, and if we look at the second quarter alone and the Toshiba electricity actually earns $100 million, we expect to lose the year as the ring ratio improves. The company’s performance is significantly lower than the camp’s.
The increase is mainly due to the amortization of the asset premium generated by the acquisition, with 2017h1 confirming the amortization fee of $1.36 billion and expected to be amortized around $2.5 billion in 2017. After not taking into account the amortization and the effects of the Toshiba electricity loss, the company ' s original net profit on its business actually stood at $11.46 billion, an increase of 21 per cent over the previous 21 per cent.
In terms of Māori rates, the company ' s combined Māori rate of 2017h1 is 25.5%, a decrease of 4.1 percentage points from the same period, and we believe that, on the one hand, the nettile ratio of Kuka and Toshiba is lower than the combined Māori rate of the company ' s original business and is also affected by the rise in the price of raw materials.
Also, corporate sales costs have fallen by 0.6 to 9.9 per cent over the same period, management costs have increased by 0.7 to 5.5 per cent over the same period, and interest rates have contributed to a steady increase in corporate financial costs compared to internationalization strategies: companies are moving forward by acquiring enterprises like Toshiba, Clivet, etc.
The acquisition of kuka will further the company’s “brain-brain” strategy (smart home plus smart manufacturing) to increase the efficiency of the company’s production and to upgrade its manufacturing. In addition, we believe that the company can work with the Kuka Group to develop a vast Chinese robot.
Markets, opening up new growth points. Profit forecasting and investment: Looking ahead, we believe that short-term companies will continue to maintain fast growth in white and electricity, and that in the medium and long term, the company's integration of Toshiba, clivet, etc., will increase.
The company’s technological strength and global impact will benefit its long-term development. Integration of the Kuka Group will allow the company to stand directly at the height of smart manufacturing, increase efficiency and expand new growth.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.