The reason for the report is: six-monthly reviews, smart business prospects are good for the company's long-term development.
The company published its semi-annual report for 2017. In the first half of the year, 12,496 million yuan in operating income was realized, up from 13.5 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 35 per cent in the same year, an increase of 16 per cent in the purchase orders, a net gain of 45 million yuan, an increase of 98 per cent in the same year.
As the technology for research and development matures, new business such as industrial robots will become a new profit growth point for companies. The company is committed to an efficient operating system.
The total business cycle has been reduced from 60.3 days to 59 days; and the market value of the share has been accelerated:
The overall asset turnover rate has increased from 0.53 to 0.62. In addition, there has been a marked increase in fixed asset turnover, receivables turnover and operating capital turnover. Underline inventory has decreased by 51 per cent, channel turnover has increased 1.6 times over the same period last year, and order delivery timeliness has risen to 98 per cent.
A well-developed corporate governance mechanism for corporate managers. After many years of development, companies have developed well-established management systems and improved corporate governance. Companies have introduced four equity incentive schemes, one restricted equity incentive scheme and three high-level “partners” to their middle-level and core business cadres.
The plan, which provides incentives for managing management in line with the interests of all shareholders, continues to optimize corporate governance. Profit predictions and investment proposals: a company is a world-renowned household power giant that covers the entire product line of household electricity, and provides product research and development, manufacturing, marketing, and whole-of-business chains.
The future of the home power industry, such as the provision of a master smart power program, the development of smart platforms, and so forth, has a leading role in the future of the home power industry.