United States group (000333.sz) Rapid income growth, improved performance of Kukatungzi Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
Strong sales in air conditioners + higher exports in consumer appliances: 50 billion yuan in heating and air conditioners in the first half of the year, compared to 100 million dollars in the same year. Industry online shows the same volume of air conditioners/ Refrigerators/washers delivered in January-June as compared to the same amount in January-June.
Merger and purchase operations are in good working order: CK$ 201.7h1 million (Yoy+35%), “Old growth of the original plate, ready-to-manufacture of the M&A business, record high, net profit of C$ 450 million (same calibre + 35%), order growth of 16%, business of 16%”
In the first half of the year, the net profit from M&A operations contributed $360 million, with the total impact on the company’s performance after deducting the credit cards from the goodwill amortization of $1.360 billion. With this, the total impact on the company’s performance is -1 billion yuan.
3. The positive impact of overseas acquisitions on performance will gradually be evident in the prospect of a sustained increase in profitability and the effective integration of United States-owned purchases in the second half of the year. The profit margin has declined and the quality of assets remains robust.
This led to an increase of $17.9 billion in short-term borrowing over the same period, but the company was well-run and cash-rich, with the same currency for the first half of the year +12.7 per cent, and net operating cash flows +70 per cent.  The company’s white power tap was strong, operating efficiency and corporate governance were continuously optimized, and internationalization and the war of diversification
A slight opening of the growth space and a long-term positive growth of the United States group. Taking into account the Toshiba and Kuka clusters, the United States group is expected to make a net profit of $171, 199, 22.9 billion in 2017-19 for Weili1@gjzq.com.cn
The performance of M & As is below expectations; the price of raw materials has risen significantly; competition in the market has increased noticeably.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.