On April 30, the company published a quarterly report in 2024 and earned revenue in q1 in 2024.
Billion yuan, +33.77 per cent, ring ratio -44.61 per cent; net profit of $4,272 million for non-mortality deductions, operating income from mobile network equipment/industrial Internet plates, respectively; high demand for arithmetical power to drive the fast growth of the one server, company q1ai server
Income is nearly twice as high as it is. With the speed of upstream computing and downstream ai demand, china galaxy
The speed of growth, the size of the i server market, is still growing at a very high rate. The fire at chhatgpt, where the entreprisselimited is used to focus attention on the generator.
Over 1.25 million, with growth of more than 47% in the same year, grew to 1.94 million in 2024. At the same time, in 2024, the capital spending of cloud service providers will increase significantly.
Businesses such as ai server design and system integration. As global demand for ai server rises, the Division has achieved a significant increase in the market share of aai server, which has effectively contributed to an increase in operating income, profitability and profitability. 2401, corporate cloud computing accounts for nearly 50% of total revenue.
I-server accounts for nearly 40 per cent of the overall server income, I-server income nearly double that of the year, ring ratio near double-digit increase; generator-I-server nearly three times that of the year, ring ratio increase: Universal server achieves a double-digit ratio increase, one-digit increase.
In 2024, the company plans to launch a new generation of generating servers. Looking ahead, the company will continue to focus on the development of ai and cloud computing infrastructure products and technology, improving the global production profile, and actively increasing investment in research and development.
Increased demand for high bandwidth for generation ai, leading to continuous growth of light communication equipment, and rapid growth of company high speed switch and router operations. As data flow increases, high bandwidth operations are carried out and deployed, there are increased demands on network equipment associated with light communications equipment, such as switchboards and routers.
The annual global network market size was $7.142 billion, an increase of 12.8 per cent compared to last year. In China, the network market size was 72.84 billion yuan, an increase of 0.8 per cent compared to last year, with exchange and router markets growing by 0.7 per cent, respectively, 7.2 per cent, and the Idc forecasted in 2024 with data.
There will be an increase in demand for ultra-large networks and an improvement in the economy. China’s demand for switchboards will increase, and there will be an accelerated deployment of medium- and high-end routers.
A double-digit increase in the production of high-speed switches such as 100g, 200g and 400g, of which 200g and 400g have increased significantly, and 800g are in the Npi phase, and are expected to start up and contribute business income this year, contributing to the further optimization of corporate product balances
In 2023, the global economy was depressed, and the market for smart phones and apparel equipment was in decline. Ai's energy and the distribution of innovative products helped boost the demand for consumer electronics. According to digitimesresearch.
Data, the 5g switch and emerging market smart cell needs are expected to boost the 2024 global smart-phone market back to 1.140 billion and are expected to grow by 5.4 per cent the same year.
The company is not only the world's first one server, the Lighthouse Plant, but also the world's first precision metal processing, the Lighthouse Plant. At the same time, the company has added two new facilities to the world's interior, the Lighthouse Plant: the Broad Gas Engel.
By the end of 2023, the company had built nine “lighthouses” and over 30 “intellectual plants.” The company will also be led by lighthouse plants, which will continue to be mentioned by different types of customers, such as small and medium-sized enterprises, parks and industrial clusters.
For digital transformation services across the world, sustained services to manufacturing enterprises using industrial Internet and industrial 4.0 technologies to work with partners to accelerate the intellectual transformation. Macroeconomic recovery is not as expected, downstream demand is not as high as expected, and the i industry is not growing as expected.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.