Significant growth in performance, i.e. doubling of income: 29 April, company report released for the first quarter of 2024, 24q1 achieved operating income of $118,688 million, yoy+12 per cent; net return to mother $4,185 million, yoy+34 per cent; deductions
The \triangleright model triggered aaigc industry change, and the company acted as a core card plant in the arithmetic industry chain in North America.
A new cycle of development. 24q1, inspired by the ai, corporate cloud computing accounts for nearly 50% of the total, the ai server accounts for nearly 40% of the overall server income, nearly double the same year, and the ring ratio shows an increase in the near double-digit ratio.
In addition, in the first quarter, ice points in the universal service provider industry were passed, and the company ' s common server increased its double-digit ratio much longer than in the same period last year, while increasing its single-digit ratio.
The profits added by one are enough to offset the decline in traditional business, and the growth in capital spending by cloud producers is strong in Beta. The profitability of a server product is higher than that of a universal server, the volume of the product is faster, and the company’s performance has increased dramatically.
In the future, we believe that the “arms race” in computing will continue in the longer term, and that the Confederation of Industries, as the server's leader, will still be able to improve itself.
In order to maintain a higher rate of profit, we continue to appreciate the growth potential of the Confederation of Industrial Wealth. \triangleright liquid cooling program has its advantages, and in the data of the Federation of Industrial Wealth
A global leader in the ability to provide integrated care, a trend that shows that clouds are full of potential, that net profits have been on the market, and that growth has been strong.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In November 2022, the group joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc. In preparation, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs.
It is directed towards precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and parts, semiconductor processes, etc., to store chips, simulate chips, etc., servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.