On April 29, 2024, the company released 2024.
\triangleright quarterly report, 24q1 achieved operating income of $118.69 billion, an increase of 12.1 per cent, Māori rate of 7.6 per cent, an increase of 0.28 pct, a net return of $4.19 billion, an increase of 33.8 per cent, and a deduction of a net profit from a non-mother
In the first quarter of 2024, in the context of a complex and volatile macroeconomic \triangleright and industry, companies worked with the world’s top clients to sustain their power at the generation end.
In addition, the generation-ai server has nearly tripled over the same period, and the ring ratio has increased by double digits. The 24q1 utility server has increased in real terms compared to the same period last year.
The current double-digit ratio has increased, while the single-digit ratio has grown. Overseas cloud producers have been changing up and down, and capital spending has shown a renewed upturn in the demand for arithmetic cards.
The demand for ai is greater than that for stocks, and the Arithmetic Card, as a key link in an artificial intelligence infrastructure, will continue to grow, offering further opportunities for development.
The chip industry is booming, and industry is growing at high-end manufacturing support. With the proliferation of semiconductors \triangleright plants around the world in recent years, the semiconductor industry is accelerating the development of mature process techniques and chip production is expanding rapidly.
In the first quarter of 2024, China’s continental chip production increased by 40%. According to the International Association of Semiconductor Industries, China’s share of global semiconductor capacity will continue to be sustained through government financial support and other incentives.
During the wave, high-quality developments have emerged with new dynamic energy of 2024/03/, and companies remain robust in the positive layout of the high-end smartphone market. Based on sound core business development, the Federation of Industries has accelerated the expansion of highly sophisticated and sophisticated business extensions, constantly providing new opportunities for company performance growth.
Review: The sales of ai servers have increased steadily, and the level of profitability has continued to increase dynamic energy. In combination with the continuous increase in the company’s ability to import new products, the speed of mass production climbs, and quality control, it has led to growth in operating income and profits.
\triangleright Review: 23q1 High Quality Increases, Future Quality Servers Releases High, and Corporate Product Structure Optimization is expected to result in overall improvement in the quality and profitability of the main business
The report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not motivated or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.