The new market offers increased performance, and cross-border payments are expected to accelerate growth.
Investment rating: superior to the city (maintenance)
In addition, the company’s global digital trading center (market plate) is continuously engaged, with the fashion jewellery industry having completed its job of recruiting, the infant and young child development industry (the creative toy industry), the skin care and the medical beauty industry being in the process of recruiting. And the company’s intention to set up a Hong Kong subsidiary, applying for a Hong Kong tcsp (trust or company service provider) license, and enhancing its cross-border financial services capacity to pay.
The country’s retail trade perspective: 1) The global digital trading center’s winning bid in the fashion jewellery industry ranged between $111.14 million/m2, with 389 places, attracting more than 4,000 operators to register for attention, with a higher overall heat. The infant and child growth industry, skin care, and medical beauty industry, is currently enrolled, with more than 3,200 households registered in the first five hours of the first five hours, five times the number of first day registered in the jewellery industry, achieving a higher temperature and expected entry.
2) Financial services can be provided in Hong Kong through the acquisition of a tcsp license for Hong Kong's wholly-owned subsidiary to design customized wealth management and financial resolution programmes, which will further enrich the service dimensions of payments and upgrade them from payment instruments to a service platform with a more comprehensive financial function.
In the short term, the Global Digital Trade Centre (GMT) plans to open officially in October of this year, with new area increases, rents, and bid winning costs increasing performance, driving performance into a new expansion phase. In the medium and long term, firms have become global trade service providers, digital trading platforms, and cross-borders.
While emerging business such as payments are expected to inject long-term growth potential into companies, firms are expected to share opportunities for import trade and prosperity as pilot units for import trade innovation development. Considering that the market segment of the company’s global digital trading centre is scheduled to open in October, it is expected that it will contribute to the growth of performance in the fourth quarter.
According to the network of company officials, the global digital trading centre (the market plate) has continued to be offered, with the fashion jewellery industry having completed its recruitment work, with a median price (also known as the “admission fee”) of between $111.14 million/m2, with 389 booths and a single shop space of about 30 m2. The admission fee for the jewellery industry as a whole would amount to $1,284-1447 million.
In addition, the infant and young child development industry (the scope of the creative toy industry), the skin and medical goods industry is in the process of entering the market, with more than 3,200 households registered on the first 5 hours of the first day, five times the number of first-day registrations in the jewellery industry, achieving a higher degree of heat, and is expected to further increase the number of vendors against the company’s global digital trading centre, which is the central logo of the Yeu Sixth Generation market, located east of the market in the 5th district of the U.S. International Trade and Trade.
The market plate is the main engine of the global digital trading center, with 410,000 square metres of construction, more than 5,000 square metres of commercial space, and a standard area of 27-30 m2, which is expected to be operational by October 2025. The global digital trading center, in its industry-specific layout, has identified five main sectoral directions, which will be followed by the start of a business process that will contribute to the growth of its performance.
II. Global Digital Trade Centre (GMTC) specific contribution revenue measurement: estimated at $163,203 million at around 120,000/m2, over 5,000 places, standard area 27-30m2, and once all offers are completed, the amount of the admission fee to contribute will be between $16 billion and $20 billion, with the following sensitivity measurements:
In addition, the merchants are required to pay the costs of the post in accordance with the contract. According to the company’s official announcement of the registration of vendors in the fashion jewellery industry, the price of the place = base price * the floor coefficient* * the area of the place, the base price of which is $2,000/m2, the first to third floor coefficients are 1.2, the second floor, 1.0, and the third floor, 0.8. The same factor is calculated for over 5,000 places, the standard area of 27-30 m2, due to a lack of clarity on the distribution of the specific number of shops in 1 to 3 floors.
After all the offers have been completed, the cost of doing business will be $273-303 million.III. The establishment of the Hong Kong subsidiary to speed up the development of cross-border payments. In recent days, the company announced the following investments to be made in Hong Kong by its fully-owned subsidiary, Zhejiang Qingjiang Digital Technology (the parent company for cross-border payments):
1. The establishment of Quick Hong Kong Limited as a fully-owned offshore subsidiary of Zhejiang Rapid Digital Technology Co. Ltd.;2 and the Quick Hong Kong Eastern Company Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of Quick Hong Kong Limited, as the subject of an application for a Hong Kong tcsp licence (all referred to as a “trust or company service provider licence”).
By joining the tcsp license, the company can provide financial services in Hong Kong to design customised wealth management and financial solutions for its clients, which will further enrich the service dimensions of the payments, upgrade them from payment instruments to a service platform with a more comprehensive financial function, enhance competitiveness, and improve the company's yiwupay payment operations, possess the foreign exchange credentials of the cross-border renminbi settlement and payment agencies, with a total cross-border collection of over 4 billion dollars in 2024.
The dollar, with a net profit of $61.04.4 million, an increase of 274.67 per cent, is expected to benefit from further growth in the future from the internationalization of the renminbi and the development of foreign trade in the U.S.
In the future, companies will actively explore the use of financial science and technology to upgrade trade facilitation, in which innovative payment instruments, such as currency stabilization, have the potential to provide global customers, especially MSMEs, with more efficient and low-cost cross-border payment solutions that match the purpose of trade with corporate service entities. Figure 3: Share of RMB in global payments settlements (%)
In the short term, the Global Digital Trade Centre (GMTC) is scheduled to be officially opened in October this year, with new area increases, rents, and bid winning costs increasing performance and driving performance into a new expansionary cycle. In the medium and long term, firms have become global trade service providers, digital trading platforms and cross-border payments are expected to inject long-term growth potential into companies, while firms, as pilot units for import trade innovation development, are expected to share import trade.
Opportunities for prosperity. Considering that the market segment of the company’s global digital trading centre is scheduled to open in October, it is expected that it will contribute to the growth of performance in the fourth quarter, and that I, U.S. foreign trade exports, have declined, that the global digital trading centre has not been built as expected, that the rental rate of the shop is not as high as expected, and that there is a risk of financial compliance.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject