"ai+foreign trade" is a further step, with a steady increase in the price of the new market, a firm's research, a firm's quick evaluation, a retail trade, a general retail.
Investment rating: superior to the city (maintenance)
In recent days, the company joined Alibaba in launching an internal survey of the World Euai Model (the multi-trade-ai model), which helped MSMEs and their operators to increase their performance in the medium- and long-term by increasing the price of $136.7 to 13.7 million/m2 in the skin care and medical supplies industry, and earlier in the jewellery industry, where prices of $111.24 million/m2 were steadily rising, adding to the company's medium- and long-term performance.
National Retailing Perspectives: 1) As an integrated global foreign trade service provider, companies based on the online trading platform Chinagoods, offer multi-dimensional ai applications for foreign traders, cumulatively over 200,000 users in 2024, 72% growth in private sector traffic activity and more than 20% growth in deep use of subscriptions. This multi-day trade-ai model has been upgraded to continuously optimize application landscapes and service functions and improves the operational effectiveness of foreign traders.
Rates, and further acceleration of the growth in the size of new firms’ emerging operations. (2) A steady increase in the price mark in global digital trading centres (market plates), reflecting a strong demand-side and a further recognition of the company’s market service capacity. New area increases, rents and winning costs will increase performance, driving performance into a new expansion period.
As measured by the increased performance of market vendors and the prospect of accelerated growth of cross-border payments, the global market entry fee from the digital trading centres (market plates) is expected to reach around $20 billion after the completion of all the offers. Overall, firms have become global trade service providers, digital trading platforms, and emerging operations such as cross-border payments are expected to inject into companies long-term growth potential.
At the same time, companies are expected to share the opportunities for a boom in import trade as pilot units for the innovative development of import trade. We maintain the company’s model for the period 2025-2027.
The impact of this in-house survey, which invited more than 300 notional UMTs, included: a photo factory tool, compressing the uploading process of an ai-glass smart product from 2 hours to 12 minutes; and a 45% increase in efficiency in the product selection of the shop by a i-intellectual tool. Corporate ai operations are based mainly on online trade platforms, Chinagoods, which have provided services to businesses since October 2023.
Interlocutory functions include i-translation, i-design, i-selection, and i-Vision, which cover the main processes of foreign trade operations. The cumulative number of users in 2024 was over 200,000, the activity of private sector operators grew by 72%, and the use of deep user orders grew by more than 20%.
The current revenue is $341 million with a net operating profit of $165 million, an increase of 102.5 per cent over the previous year.
On 18 July, the company announced the results of a bidding process in the creative toy, skin and medical goods industries of the Global Digital Centre (the market plate), in which the winning price of the tidal shop was 13.43-1667,000 yuan/m2, and the median price of the parabolic and mercantile shop.
13.67-1376 million yuan/m3. Prices in the fashion jewellery industry of $111.24 million/m3 were steadily higher earlier in the tender, increasing the company’s medium- and long-term performance.
Over 1.25 million square metres, with a total investment of over $8.3 billion. Market plates are the main engine of the Global Digital Trade Centre, with 410,000 square metres of construction, more than 5,000 square metres of commercial space, and a standard area of 27-30 m, which is expected to open by October 2025.
As a whole, firms have become global trade service providers, digital trading platforms and emerging business such as cross-border payments are expected to inject long-term growth potential into companies, while firms, as pilot units for the development of import trade innovation, are expected to share opportunities for a boom in import trade. We maintain the corporate export climate for foreign trade in the period 2025-2027, the growth of global digital trading centres has fallen short of expectations, the rental rate of commercial stores has fallen short of expectations, and the flow of payments has fallen short of expectations.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.