After projects such as high government subsidies, fair value gains and losses, and occupancy fees charged on non-financial enterprises, companies deducted their non-net profits of $1.67 billion, compared with +17.6 per cent, and their returns and net profits were close to six months old.
• Market operations: the market landscape is high, and global MTC recruitment continues to contribute significant cash flows. The market branch of company 2025h1 achieved 2,379 million yuan, i.e. + 5 per cent; the total profit achieved was 1,848 million yuan, i.e. + 3 per cent.
The third batch will cover drones and unmanned equipment, robots and artificial intelligence equipment, ar/vr fittings.
The industry of preparation and fashion clothing, among others, was officially registered on 23 July, and the planned recruitment drive in August has contributed to the company’s cash flow. chinagoods: benefited from a higher performance of the i product.
In October 2023, the platform continued to deepen its technological capabilities, with an intensive launch of the “Small Businessai” series, and on July 24, the Small Commodities City, in partnership with Ali Baba, launched the “World Euai Model” internal measurements.
We believe that the high performance of Chinagoods has benefited in part from the platform's perfect product, more business owners, more senior members, and the upgrading of the platform as a whole. yiwupay pays a steady increase in the flow of water.
+47% of the total profit in the reporting period was over $40 million, or +50% of the total profit. The company pays the entire global number trading centre over expectations.
Co-operative agencies identify, submit customs materials and prepare systems for localization. Small Commodities City (600415).
(b) The long-term and strategic focus of the company remains unchanged, with white-listed enterprises taking the lead in the implementation of 28 consumer goods and 5 parallel imported household electricity innovation pilot projects, covering 193 skus, achieving 2,600 pilot sales and six months ahead of policy targets;
The top-down and sustained focus of support has been to build a “tax-plus” industrial cluster in the region, successfully introducing tax-insurance projects such as makeup, health-care food processing, etc. The expansion of globalization has once again made a breakthrough, with the first overseas sub-market in East Asia, Japan.
The Sakayou market opened on June 26th.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: Small Commodity City has a strategic position as an export hub along the way. There are a number of new market expansions, Chinagoods, payment operations, positive import lists, etc.
We maintain the company’s net return profit forecast for 2025-27, which is expected to be 42.3 per cent of the small commodity city’s three major financial projections.