Ningjong Highway (600377), affected by the epidemic, March 29, 2023, Ningjong Highway.
The company was mainly involved in investing, building, operating and managing the main cause of the decline in the performance of the Sanning Division last year.
Roadbridges, and the development of passenger and other auxiliary services along roads, are among the largest assets in the country's road industry. Toll revenues are $18.2, $151,202 million and $1.79 billion, respectively, with lower incomes of q1, q2 and q4
One of the city companies. In addition to to tollbridge operations, companies are largely affected by the epidemic; a 10% reduction in toll toll on trucks in the fourth quarter has also had an impact on the company’s performance.
In 20-21, the company’s new traffic was frequently made at high speeds, long speeds and three roads on the Mount Five bridge, which were an important component of the main business, and the company’s financial costs increased significantly as the capitalization of the traffic stopped.
With 1,094 million dollars, a 39 per cent increase over the same year, new road traffic operations are stable and are expected to be significantly reduced this year, as well as high-speed, high-speed and mountain peaks. Given the impact of the epidemic last year, the epidemic is expected to cool down this year.
The loss on a new path will be even more pronounced. Largely upped, mainly by: 1. High one-time benefits from the distribution of infrastructure by companies along the river; New energy services continued to grow, and the acquisition company ' s performance increased significantly: the company was able to gain access through the acquisition of Yungi.
New energy generation operations. Electricity sales in 22 million yuan, an increase of about 39.81 per cent in the same year, were mainly carried by affiliates such as the East H5 Sea Wind Project in 2021, q4 full capacity. In 2022, the cloud was able to realize net profits of 222 million yuan, an increase of 54.3 per cent, showing higher growth and stability.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: As the epidemic subsides, we expect that the company's revenue toll will increase significantly this year compared to last year. It will bring a return to profitability. We expect the company's net profits for 23-25 years, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Ning Dynasty (600377): The epidemic has damaged its performance, and it is expected to return significantly this year.
A Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, six years of investment research experience, was employed in 2015-2018 in the Open Securities Development Division’s own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports the Ning Dynasty High Highway (600377), which has lost its performance due to the impact of the epidemic and is expected to recover significantly this year.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.