On July 18, the company issued its semi-annual performance forecast, which is expected to yield a net return on 24h1.
1. Three Rings Corporate Review: Performance meets expectations, performance is high, performance is high, mlcc is high, growth is accelerated. q2 single-quarter profits are equal, ring ratio is high, business is improving, downstream industries such as consumer electronics, light communications, etc.
In order to achieve sustained improvement, the market recognition of companies' mlcc products has been increasing, downstream application areas have become more widespread, sales have increased considerably over the same period, mlcc has accelerated and the product share has increased.
The passive component has a steady and moderate climate, and the price increases are likely to follow. At the demand side, domestic power, ai servers are now more abundant, consumption, security, car regulations, industrial control needs are more stable, q2 manufacturers have a higher crop rate, and industrial chain stocks remain healthy for many quarters.
The monthly ring ratio continues to grow, benefiting from servers, cell phones, pc recovery q2, and the producers expect the crop rate to continue upwards in the subsequent q3 season. Foreign prices are expected to rise, domestic producers are expected to follow the market, or are expected to increase structurally.
Positive layouts are high-capacity, small-sized mlcc, and the area of car regulation is ready. The company’s high-capacity and small-sized mlcc research and development is progressing significantly, and in conjunction with the company’s technological breakthroughs and client openings, we believe that future companies are expected to benefit from vertical integration through the industrial chain.
It is recommended that attention be paid to the elasticity of subsequent expansions + prices, to tracking demand-side warming and sustainability, to the future of the company’s high-conforming national production replacement space and to the application of end-of-ai products.
Global manufacturers have significantly expanded the mlcc market over supply and demand, lower downstream market demand has released less than expected, new products have been released less than expected, and product prices are at risk of falling.