:: Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 24q2 single quarter, with companies achieving revenues of $1,864 million, an increase of 29.42 per cent over the same period, with an increase in the ring ratio
19.20 per cent; net return of 593 million yuan, an increase of 44.07 per cent over the same period, less ring-to-ring • adherence to autonomous innovation, improved downstream demand for benefits, and opportunities for recovery for companies to take advantage of new materials, new functions, new technologies in the direction of “material+structure+functionality”
The sales of products such as ceramic infusion of the company's photocommunications with cores, plate-based electrical resistance to the use of aluminium oxide, semiconductor ceramics, envelopes, etc., are among the highest in the world, with fibre-optic ceramic infusion cores, tablets-based electrical resistance, and ceramic panels rated by the Ministry of Industry and Informationization as “single champions” products.
The continuous improvement in demand in downstream industries such as sub- and photocommunications, and the growing market recognition of corporate mlcc products, the increasing coverage of downstream applications, and the gradual recovery in the production and distribution of company-owned business products are expected to continue to maintain a robust market position.
. ..mlcc business continues to break out, leading to high-speed growth in electronic components and materials business.
Among them, the mlcc product forms a rich product matrix that is widely applied to mobile communications, smart terminals, new energy, etc. During the reporting period, the company ' s super-high-quality mlcc product was awarded the twelfth China Electronic Information Fair.
In addition, the electronics industry has recovered, and demand from the consumer electronics industry has gradually recovered. The company's mlcc product has achieved a technological breakthrough and a full volume of production of more than 1,000 layers of stacked layers, covering between 0201 and 2220 feet.
The market recognition of the company ' s mlcc product has improved significantly with technological breakthroughs and quality upgrades, and the area of downstream applications has become more widespread, contributing positively to the growth of corporate revenue. In the first half of the year, the company generated 1,444 million yuan in electronics and materials, a year-on-year increase.
56.71 per cent of the Māori rate increased by 10.16 pct over the same period. Sub-regulating profit projections, the net return profits of the company in 2024-2026 are expected to be 2.3 ring groups: high tolerance mlcc is going well.
Downstream recovery is expected to lead to growth in performance, new products are not expanding as expected, and downstream demand is not recovering as expected. Using legitimate compliance information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.