Hydraulic systems are continuously deployed, overseas expansion is advancing, in-depth studies/mechanical industry core logic is being developed and developed.
The company’s depreciation costs have largely had a positive impact on profits, and performance has been counter-transactional data (2017-1-20)
Corporate pump valves, hydraulic systems are growing faster, and future national production alternatives are huge. The excavator industry is recovering, and the dedicated oil tank taps benefit significantly.
In the first half of September, the share of company-specific oil tanks in the excavator industry rose from 13.66% to 46.52%, and the position of the national producer was strong. The company was dominated by Trinity, Caterpillar, CIDK, Xu, Willow, etc.
Accompanied by a solid recovery in revenue from the excavator-specific tank business. Seeing the company's offshore market open, it is expected to benefit from the United States capital recovery, which compares with the trend of Deep 300.
Companies have grown rapidly and their share of income abroad in recent years. In the first half of 2016, companies collected 205 million yuan abroad, raising their share of operating income further to 34.68%. Companies have established subsidiaries in the United States, Germany, Japan, etc., and have developed multiple foreign brand clients, and have developed several North American and European countries.
Regional distributors, which provide a solid foundation for growth in the coming year. The US capital acceleration is expected to bring opportunities to its home-grown engineering and machinery manufacturers to see the company expand its overseas operations.
At present, the power of the power component hydraulic pumps and the control of the element hydraulic valve technology is still quite different from that of the outside world. With the exception of some generic valves, the main pump valves are still heavily dependent on imports, and domesticization is still at an early stage. The company acquires the full share of Haweinline and, in collaboration with Hawe’s strategy, promotes the nationalization of the product of the inline hydraulic pump.
New items such as Xerox valves, cylindrical pumps have already achieved a small mass set on some brands and other engineering machinery, with huge future import alternatives. The revival of the engineering and machinery industry is still to be seen, with offshore markets opening below expectations, pump valves, hydraulic systems, etc.
i. Deep-farm hydraulic system operations, solid status of domestic tank taps (i) focused on hydraulic system operations, continuous layout of the industrial chain.
Large, integrated enterprises, such as hydraulic systems, which serve a large number of 500 companies around the world. At present, corporate products cover high-pressure tanks, high-pressure cylindrical pumps, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test stations, high-precision hydraulics, etc., and are sold to more than 20 countries and territories, including engineering vehicles, port ships, energy mining, tunnel machinery, etc.
Industrial manufacturing, etc. The company has now formed a business income component of the high-speed growth of excavators, heavy equipment, non-standard tank revenues, hydraulic pump valves, etc.
In the face of the continuing downturn in the excavator industry in the year, the company has been active in developing non-standard tank products for heavy equipment, making good the shortfall in revenue for the excavator. Meanwhile, there has been progress in substituting the company’s exclusive tank for the excavator, with rising market occupancy rates, keeping the company’s overall harvest stable and recording a good recovery in 2016 in the excavator industry.
In terms of income structure, the share of the oil tanks used for excavators in operating income fell from 78.26% in 2011 to 39.57% in the first half of 2016, while the share of the non-collar tank revenue rose from 20.86% in 2011 to 2016, where depreciation costs largely affected profits and performance reversed.
In addition, the company entered the market with a high input period, expanded capacity, increased construction work and fixed assets, and depreciated.
According to the announcement, between 2011 and 2015, the company ' s depreciation cost increased from $24.32 million to $145 million, representing an increase from 1.3 per cent to 13.3 per cent of its operating income, but overall, the company has passed a high input period, leaving only $216 million in construction work as of the third quarter of 2016.
The company’s Māori rate is largely at the bottom, improving over time. Given the company’s Māori rate, with the engineering and machinery industry at the bottom and recovery, the company’s capacity utilization rate is expected to pick up, depreciation costs are rising at a slower pace, and the company’s overall Māori rate is largely at the bottom in 2016.
The annual sales of excavators are warming, the company’s high Māori rate of dedicated tank revenues is expected to rise, and the overall Māori rate is almost the highest. As companies continue to invest and expand their capacity, the company’s workforce will invest from 2011 to 2015, spending 86.195 million yuan on R&D costs, an increase of 25.48 per cent, representing the company’s operating income.
7.99%. Corporate management costs in 2015 amounted to $195 million. Overall, the company ' s three cost ratios in 2015 reached the Wang Liping family ' s absolute control of the company.
42%), Shino Technologies (Hong Kong) Ltd. (18.75% shareholding), Jiangsu Heungli Investments Ltd. (14.25% shareholding) increased the company ' s stock stock from the secondary market by 856.2 million shares, or 0.13% of the total stock stock, through an asset management plan.
In 2012, the company acquired China ' s first hydraulic components and systems producer: Shanghai New Hydraulics Ltd., entered the field of hydraulic components and systems integration packages, and set up American and Japanese affiliates. In 2013, it invested in the establishment of Jiangsu Hisashi Hydraulic Technology Ltd.
In 2014, the company deployed its overseas production base, successfully acquired the German company WikiLeaks to produce hydraulic tanks. In 2015, the company and the German Hawe entered into strategic cooperation and acquired their own professional production of high-voltage heavy-carb pumps.
In 2016, the company set up the Hydraulic Hydraulic Hydraulics Company Ltd., which is responsible for promoting the production of the Hydraulic Hydraulic Pumps in China. In addition, the company ' s fully-owned subsidiary, Jiangsu Heungryu Hydraulic Technology Co. Ltd., established the Jiangsu Hydraulic Hydraulics Technology Company Ltd.
Research and production of hydraulic components, hydraulic systems, such as aviation, space, navigation, ground and underground equipment, and extensive downstream application of the military engineering (ii) hydraulic systems, tank, pump valve value ratio, hydraulic fluid movement is a liquid medium that transmits energy and controls transmission.
The technique has the advantages of power mass, size, frequency, pressure, flow control, flexible transmission power, elasticity, current straight motion, non-extreme speed, etc. Complete hydraulic systems are basically powered, executed, controlled, auxiliary, work media V.
Hydraulics refer to hydraulic pumps, hydraulic tanks, hydraulic motors, hydraulic valves, boosters, etc.
Tanks, hydraulic motors, convert liquid hydraulics to mechanical energy. Tanks do straight-line movement, motors, all kinds of pressure valves, flow valves and direction valves.
• Controlling pressure, flow and flow of liquids for work in hydraulic systems according to the speed of required, non-polarly regulated liquid motors. Oil tanks, filters, chillers, tubes, tubes, signal converters, etc.
• A component that is supportive of the completion of the main movement, with heavy • hydraulic fluids or emulsifiers for the normal operation of the system, with energy conversion through oil pumps and liquid motives.
In the whole hydraulic system, hydraulic pumps and motors, hydraulic valves and tanks are the most valuable components, accounting for 72% of the total hydraulic system value. Due to the high weight of hydraulic transmission technology, small size, high frequency, good pressure, flow control and softness
Sexually transmitted power, which is easy to achieve straight-line motion, low speed, etc., is widely applied downstream. Areas such as engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, machines, plastics, metallurgical exercise, mining machinery, port equipment, airport equipment, ships, oil and gas mining, industrial robotics, automated production lines, etc.
The company first developed and built hydraulic tanks in 1992 and began to engage in environmental vehicles. In 1999, the excavators successfully developed tanks and began to engage in engineering and mechanical industries. In 2006, the company successfully developed the shield tanks and engaged in the excavation process.
To date, corporate hydraulic tank products have been widely applied to walking machinery, industry, maritime ports and new energy sources. Figure 11: Company hydraulic tank products downstream applications — excavators, auto cranes, high-altitude operating vehicles, scalding
Forklifts, heavy forklifts, dredging rigs, loaders, trucks for mining
• Sterilized grinders, hydraulic presses, testing techniques, emplacing machines, tunnels, drilling platforms, rollers, cranes for ships, wind and earth
Marine ports Load ships, dredging boats, stumping boats, pilers, front gas tanks can be divided into low-pressure, medium-pressure, high-pressure tanks, etc. Engineering machines, such as excavators, are usually used.
With a high-pressure tank, an excavator requires four types of a moving arm tank, a bulldozer tank, a pole tank and a shovel tank, and normally a hydraulic excavator requires four cylinders. Table 2: Different pressure tank applications
The company’s presence in the excavator industry has been rising and the country’s production has been strong. The company’s growth in domestic and foreign customers has been accompanied by a negative decline of 68.79 per cent in the overall sales of excavators between 2011 and 2015, with only 34.20 per cent of the tanks sold, significantly better than the industry’s profile.
Table 3: The stock of hydraulic tanks for the country ' s leading diggers has been increasing through market openings and import substitution. From 2008 to the first half of 2016, the share of companies rose from 13.66% to 46.52%. The companies are Willows, Trinity, Xu, Tamchae, Liskde, ICU, Yama.
Major tanker suppliers, such as the East Ender, the Mountain Rebuilding Unit, and the Fukuda Rayvo branded national excavators, have entered the supply chain system of international manufacturers such as Carter Pyler, Shinzo, Kubota, Yoma, Kato, Yoko Rie and Volvo. (iv) Heavy equipment non-scaling tank operations are growing rapidly.
The company’s heavy equipment is used mainly for large base-building spares, ships, marine engineering equipment and port machinery, and large industrial equipment.
The company’s use of heavy equipment downstream is widespread. The rise of heavy equipment in the low-drilling industry from 2011 to 2015 largely compensates for the downward pressure on corporate revenue and prevents companies from relying too much on a single industry.
(i) Annual sales of excavators since 2012 are being converted for the first time as mechanical equipment with more applications in engineering machinery for land-side operations, which has been considered a downstream start-up scenario
The number of excavators and bulldozers is higher than the number of other engineering machinery. According to the latest figures published by the industry association, 6910 excavators were sold in December, a year-on-year increase.
Monthly sales have increased inversely, up from the one-month increase since 2011; in 2016, the cumulative annual sales volume was 70,320, representing an increase of 24.79 per cent over the previous year ' s 56,349.
The year-on-year decline, based on the high base generated by the high growth of the previous industry, was 35.2 per cent across the year in 2012, followed by only one third of the peak of 11 years, and even lower sales in the year as a whole than in 2007.The cumulative sale of 0-13 tons of small excavators as of November 2016 was 35063 tons in terms of the structure of the interior excavators
Station, 55.30 per cent, an increase of 20.24 per cent in the same year; 13-30 tons of medium-sized excavators, with a cumulative sales of 20907 units, representing the smallest increase of 24.79 per cent over the year as a whole (11.73 per cent), with the highest rate of increase and a larger contribution to the overall rate of increase; the highest number of small digs, with a significant increase; and the bulk of large and small digs constituting the bulk of this round.
The main drivers of the increase are the large-scale excavations, mainly in the energy-mining, water- and infrastructure-building industries, which, since the beginning of the year, have led to a certain recovery in demand in industries such as mining. (ii) The leading firms have led the recovery in the excavator industry, and companies have benefited significantly.
In 2016, the company’s main clients sold more than 40,000 excavators, an increase of 34.77 per cent compared to 34.77 per cent.
Focused businesses performed better than the industry. In terms of priority enterprises, the stock of excavators for the three-timers in 2016 reached 99.28%, 121,93%, 107.02% and 104.08% respectively. Carter Pellet sold 9993 excavators in 2016, an increase of 45.12%.
The recovery rate is better than in the industry, thanks to the three-timers, Caterpillar, Xu, Willow, Shandong Ritter, and other key clients. As the excavator industry has recovered since the last three quarters, and as a result of the boom, the company’s capacity is expected to increase significantly, and it is expected that there will be a substantial increase in the value of the company’s specialized tank operation.
(iii) Looking at the expansion of corporate operations abroad, focussing on the new markets brought about by the United States infrastructure, the company’s share of overseas revenues has been rising. Companies’ income abroad has grown rapidly in recent years, and their share of income has been rising. In 2015, corporate overseas revenues reached $302 million, while overseas revenues reached 27.79 per cent, compared to the first half of 2016.
From the Māori rate, although the company's Māori rate has been under much downward pressure in recent years. The Māori rate for overseas operations is still significantly better than for domestic operations. In 2015, the Māori ratio for corporate operations abroad was 23.01 per cent, which is 3.43 per cent higher than the Māori rate for domestic operations.
Point. As the overall Māori rate of the company rebounds, and as the overseas business ratio rises, the profitability of the company is expected to grow in terms of offshore customers, and the company is now providing products and services to more than 500 companies around the world, such as Caterpillar, Shinzig, Kuboa, Yoki, Tts, McKigar, and the national oil wells.
Large clients, sales revenue in 2015 amounted to $8,696.4 million, or 8% of the company’s operating income. Focus on the incremental market space created by the Trump New Deal.
During the campaign, Trump also said that the United States needed to build a more efficient transport network by launching an investment plan of $550 billion to make production factors easier and safer, and that the American road network was built in the 1950s, when Eisenhower was President and signed the federally funded road bill.
In order to connect urban and rural areas and stimulate economic growth, over the next 30 years, government expenditure on road construction and maintenance was seen as a significant investment, with a share of 1.2 per cent in gdp, but the value continued to decline to 0.53 per cent in 2015. Figure 24: United States road and street investment as a share of gdp is low (in %)
What can be expected is that the acceleration of United States infrastructure will bring in incremental demand for engineering machinery such as excavators, shields, drills, pumps, loaders, high-altitude industrial vehicles, among others, to the benefit of indigenous machine manufacturers, including Caterpillar, Trex, John Dill, jlg, etc.
To date, the company has established subsidiaries in the United States, Germany, Japan, etc., responsible for the production, development, sale and maintenance of hydraulic components such as high-pressure tanks, hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves, hydraulic motors, etc. in overseas markets. In addition, the company has developed special oil tanks for excavators for foreign brands such as Trex, Kubota, Ishikawa and has developed several North American and European sites.
The regional distributors have laid a solid foundation for the next year’s growth. (iv) The rails, capital investments and other non-barrel tanks, such as shield machines, are growing steadily.
National and local governments have traditionally focused on orbital transport as an investment priority for infrastructure development, and a range of industrial planning and support policies have been advanced.
In 2016-2025, the railway network was set at 150,000 kilometres by 2020, of which 30,000 were high-speed railways, covering more than 80 per cent of the major cities. By 2025, the rail network was set at 175,000 kilometres, of which 38,000 were high-speed railways. During the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, the railway network was built at an average annual compound rate of 4.39 per cent, and high-iron miles of business at an average annual rate.
In terms of urban orbital transport, 36.8 billion yuan was invested in urban orbital transport nationwide in 2015, an increase of 27 per cent over the same period. According to data from the Chinese Urban Orbital Transport Association, 44 cities had a total of 4,448 km of line construction as of February 2016.
A total of 2.63 trillion yuan can be reinvested. As most urban planning is currently under way during the 13th Five-Year Plan, we expect that by 2020 the new urban orbital route will be more than 3,000 km, and that the new investment during the 13th Five-Year Plan will exceed figure 26: Strong growth in fixed capital investment in railways, urban or rails (in billions)
The construction of the subway tunnels currently under construction is mostly carried out by shield units, which currently have a service life of about 8-9 km/stage, and it is planned that the majority of the work units in the country's only-trading areas during the “13th Five-Year” period will be driven by hydraulic systems, which can be described as shield units.
Hearts play a very important role. Depending on the nature of the agency’s work, they can be divided into: the shield hydraulic propulsion and duct system, the blade cutting of the rotary hydraulic system, the tube-assembly hydraulic system, the pipe-loading vehicle and the auxiliary hydraulic system, the spiral transporter fluid system, the main hydraulic oil tank and the cooling filter system, the synchronizing pump hydraulic system, the overdone knife hydraulic system.
Depending on the diameter, the shield hydraulic system requires nearly 10 tanks of different sizes, ranging from dozens to hundreds. Currently, the shield engine, the high-end marine industry, and the special vehicle hydraulic tank product have become three of the most important new engines for the company to sell. Of these, the shield tank sales revenue has increased by 55% over the same period, and the maritime tank sales revenue has increased.
From 2005 to the first quarter of 2016, a total of 555 shield tanks have been built up, and at present, shield tanks have more than 70 per cent of the domestic market in China, and products are being exported to the United States, Europe, Japan, Australia, Australia, and the company pump valves and hydraulic systems have contributed to the production process.
(i) Joint Harveyline, watch corporate pump valve operations open up. According to the International Committee on Fluid Dynamics Statistics, the global market for hydraulic products in 2014 is estimated to be approximately Euro26.36 billion. The Asia-Pacific market for hydraulic products is expected to reach Euro10 billion by 2020.
For 8 billion euros, the United States and China are the two largest markets for global hydraulic products. In 2015, China’s hydraulic-scale and above-scale firms completed about $50 billion in production, but our high-end hydraulics remain a long-standing market share for foreign firms, with our imports of high-end liquid and gas-intensive products amounting to $3.14 billion in 2014.
We have become a big hydraulic country, but the industry is not strong. Most hydraulic products are still at the middle and low end of the value chain, with high-end products largely dependent on imports, and hydraulic industries that are unable to adapt to the host equipment requirements have become one of the bottlenecks in the preparation of our manufacturing industry.
Under the breakthrough of the enterprise represented by the constant hydraulic pressure, the hydraulic tank, which is currently an implementing component, is largely nationalized. But the power of power-driven hydraulic pumps and controls the hydraulic valves of the component is still quite different from that of the outside world, with the main pump valve still heavily dependent on imports, except for some generic valves, which are still in the early stages of national production.
On 12 November 2015, Henji and Hawe signed a global strategic cooperation agreement on sales, research and development, procurement and production, and acquired the entire share of the trading price of Euro13.7 million for Haweinlinehydraulik Hawiinline, under the banner of the Hawe Group, with decades of arcade pump design and manufacturing experience, with products that are structurally robust, reloaded and reloaded.
By virtue of its high sex, it is known to be controlled in a variety of ways that meet the needs of various applications. A wide range of applications are applied to walking machines such as industry, marine engineering, engineering machinery, municipal vehicles, and agricultural machinery.
In November 2016, the company issued an announcement establishing a fully-owned subsidiary, the Inline Hydraulics Company Ltd., to speed up the landing of the inline brand in the Chinese market, to introduce German-quality hydraulic pump products into China, using a long-standing hydraulic pressure in China.
In terms of production bases, in 2013 the company invested in the establishment of Jiangsu Heungji Hydraulic Technology Ltd., which mainly produces high-pressure kernel pumps, multi-road valves, motors, industrial valves and hydraulic systems.
Road valves and high-pressure cylindrical pumps, and hydraulic products from hydraulic pumping stations and systems in various industries. In the area of hydraulic pumps, valves, the company’s main competitor is a well-known firm in the Euro-American and Japanese hydraulics industry, such as Bo Shilesla, which earned RMB 40.3 billion in operating revenue, and Eton's hydraulic component income was RMB 16.4 billion.
The amount of income generated by heavy industrial hydraulics in the country is about 8.8 billion yuan. The income from constant hydraulic fluids reached 1,087 million yuan in 2015, a huge market space for hydraulics, and companies are far from reaching the industrial ceiling.
More than 50 per cent of the value, the future of the pump valve business is expected as the company’s pump valve nationalization progresses and customers develop. (ii) The company is now fully equipped with hydraulic cylinders, hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves, cylindrical pumps, high-precision castings, aerodynamic products.
In October 2016, the company’s successful winner, Long Spring orbital passenger vehicle, Inc., was “research and development capability upgrades and national capabilities.”
In February 2016, the company invested in the establishment of Jiangsu-Hin-Shangan Hydraulics Technology Ltd. and obtained a third-level military-industrial insurance policy in August 2016.
Qualitative, which will be directed towards high-end hydraulic components and systems of specialized equipment in the aerospace, space and ship industries, with a view to replacing imports and filling domestic gaps. According to the “135” development plan of the China Association of Hydraulic Seals Industry, our hydraulic components and systems during the 1350s
The average annual growth in system sales is no less than 6 per cent, reaching 66.9 billion yuan by 2020 (up to the size of the hydraulic industry in 2015), according to which, by 2020, more than 60 per cent of the country's high-end hydraulic components and systems are expected to be self-sustaining, subject to a gradual reduction in the human condition, and to the widespread promotion and application of much-needed hydraulic components and systems in the equipment industry.
For the first time, coverage was given a “strongly recommended” rating. The revival of the engineering and machinery industry was to be observed, with overseas markets opening below expectations, pump valves and hydraulic systems opening.
Liu Zhenyu, head of the large mechanical team, expert in machinery, undergraduate and master ' s degree in materials and materials at Beijing University of Science and Technology, undergraduate studies in metal materials, postgraduate studies in the development of a mixed electrical current data collection system.
In the field of mechanical equipment and basic materials, there is a solid theoretical foundation and extensive industrial experience. Lee Yong-hoon, an expert in the mechanical industry, an engineer, an undergraduate and a master's degree from the Faculty of Mechanics of Beijing University of Technology, has worked in the field of aerospace for seven years.
Research in the fields of space robotics, agricultural robots, etc., provides insight into technological trends, policy directions and industry in the aerospace, space and related equipment manufacturing industries. In 2015, he joined the civil securities programme.
The author, with the qualifications and considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.