#City rise # equity incentives #
▪ Global leaders in the construction industry, providing city-building packages: companies are the leading global investment consortium, the largest engineering contractor in the world, the only construction firm in the country directly, and the increase in the Māori rate of operating operations in 2022 has to some extent strained the level of profit from real estate development.
▪ Capital is an important support for “stable growth” and the credit rehabilitation of real estate owners continues to advance: (1) capital: 1 March broad/narrow capital maintained a high growth rate of +10.8 per cent/+8.8 per cent, the Government's report on its work emphasizes steady growth to expand domestic demand, and the country's houses were completed at the same level as +14.7 per cent throughout the year, and it is expected that they will benefit mainly from the “survival building” advancement; new construction started in January/March with the same level
The decline of 19.2 per cent is still in the process of weak recovery; housing accounts for a slight drop in the overall housing stock, with a new form of urbanization expected to return to normal for the first time since February; government reports have weakened the presentation of regulation, financing-end policies have accelerated the introduction of improvements; good-quality housing enterprise asset indebtedness, and the industry is expected to break down.
• The company is the leader of construction integration, with many innovations and innovations: (1) housing construction: the company ' s new contract for housing construction in 2022 was $242.78 billion, the housing-type ratio was reduced to 35 per cent, and the structural transformation was successful; the company ' s project was launched into new construction industrialization and intelligent construction, which contributed to the upgrading of construction production. (2) capital construction: the company ' s height
Focusing on capital development with a five-year compound growth rate of 16.4 per cent/23.8 per cent in turnover and Māori, the ppp project is gradually entering operation, and cash returns are expected to improve; (3) real estate development: Central Haiti ' s output was sold full calibre in 2022.
For the use of brands for real estate development for the Engineering Directorates, the Agency's housing operations have been highly advantageous, and the local governments have encouraged the development of real estate with a negative increase in the size of the Chinese Real Estate in 2022, with sales equal to +18.9 per cent; (4) offshore operations: companies have established branches along the “one-way” route and have been contracted globally for many years by the United Nations.
Top 250; shift of engineering portfolio to high-end housing and infrastructure with consistent high-quality development strategies; and (5) new business: companies actively explore new areas of business, with listed affiliates in the central and western parts of the country leading integrated service providers in the construction industry, and ChinaCoopers are committed to becoming suppliers of advanced environmental technology products and solutions.
The State Enterprise Reform has been a top player, and the equity incentive targets have been successfully met for many years: the company has implemented a 10-year medium- and long-term incentive scheme, which has been unlocked in all instalments 1 to 3 and in the first phase of phase 4; it has also created a variety of incentives for technology-based affiliates to make a real difference, and has introduced a career incentive for the pilot units to share in excess profits.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the capital climate remains high, the real estate landscape is recovering, the company is the largest engineering contractor in the world, the new round of state-owned reforms is driving further business quality improvements, the “one-way” initiative brings new opportunities for overseas development; corporate valuations are lower than the average of comparable companies and are expected to continue to be repaired.
1. Corporate profiles: global leaders in the construction industry, providing a package of urban-building services 1.1. Global leading investment-building groups, with a “national team” background giving companies a unique competitive advantage.
China’s construction is the world’s leading investment group, the world’s largest engineering contractor, and the leader of the construction industry. The company’s predecessor dates back to the creation of the Ministry of National Construction and Engineering in 1952.
The Ministry, the Central Infrastructure Department of Political Affairs have been consolidated and the National Infrastructure Revolutionary Council has been formed. In 1979, the National Directorate of Construction and Engineering, which is directly under the State Council, and the General Directorate of State Urban Construction were dismantled. In 1982, in response to the principle of “separation of State and State enterprises”, the Chinese General Construction and Engineering Corporation was further restructured. In 2007, the China State Company for Construction and Construction was founded in several countries, including China and China.
In 2012 China was listed as a subsidiary of a well-known company; in 2017, a mixed ownership reform, piloting of a capital investment company in the country, and building of a board of directors, among other reform tasks, was launched, and China's parent construction company, China State General, responded to the call from the State to become a fully owned State-owned company, China Construction Group.
According to the company's annual report of 2022, the company is now one of the largest engineering contractors and investment construction groups in the world, ranked ninth in the world of Wealth 500, third in China 500, and first in the “China Contractor 250”, operating in more than 100 countries and territories, both within the country and abroad, covering all areas of urban construction and each of the projects.
The company is the only construction enterprise in the country that is directly owned by the central government, with a “national team” setting in place when the company operates.
Corporate shareholders are the China Group, with 56.35% of the shares as of 2023, and the real owner is the National Investment Commission. The company is one of the 53 key State-owned backbone enterprises directly managed by the central government, and the only major State-owned backbone in the construction sector directly managed by the central government, carrying out national mega-engineering projects and important projects.
Seven of the company’s subsidiaries have been listed, with a clear division of labour between the second-tier companies and multiple subsidiaries leading the line. On the domestic side, the subsidiaries’ construction in the west (002302.sz) and China’s ring power (3004225.sz) are respectively.
China Construction International (0331.hk), a professional Chinese construction industry (00833.hk), China Overseas Development (00688.hk), and China Overseas Lungyang Group (00081.hk), for offshore subsidiaries, mainly operating in construction.
At the end of 2022, the company had 42 high-quality companies with a comprehensive engineering design system.
The company’s main operations can be divided into four main sections: housing construction, infrastructure construction and investment, real estate investment and development, and survey design.
The company also attaches great importance to overseas operations and construction technology, e-commerce, water conservation, financial services, etc., as a “carrier” of the domestic construction industry. 1.2. Performance growth is robust, R & D is strengthened, and operating and financial indicators are highly optimized.
Billion dollars, +8.7 per cent of the year, the company has made steady progress in recent years, earning more than 60 per cent of its revenues in 2022 in a challenging and complex environment, capital construction and real estate, which are important complements, and the increase in the Māori rate of its construction activities, which has in part pushed off the downward trend in the profitability of its real estate development operations.
The share of business income achieved was $12651/4935/282 billion, respectively, and the profit ratio was significantly greater than the income ratio in the company ' s main business. However, after 2020, as a result of tightening policy controls and the industrial landscape, the Māori rate in the company ' s real estate business quickly fell from 31.1 per cent to 19.0 per cent; during this period, however, the company stepped up its work.
Cost control of the sourcing project, promotion of intelligent construction to reduce labour costs, etc., Māori rates for housing construction increased from the current cost level from 2019 to 2022, and the increase in R&D rates contributed mainly to the increase in the cost of research and development (R&D), mainly due to the company's increase in S&T management rates (R & D), slight fluctuations in financial rates, and the annual increase in R&D costs to the company's current cost rates.
The main drivers of the increase are: in recent years, the National Investment Commission has encouraged Chinese companies to invest more in R & D and in 2021 has invested more in R & D, and in 2021, the company has responded positively to the Commission’s call for an in-depth innovation-driven development strategy and for more investment in R & D. The cost of R & D has exceeded the management cost level for two years in a row.
It was reported that, by the end of 2022, the company had one national centre for digital technological innovation, five national centres for enterprise technology (including sub-centres), 75 departmental centres for enterprise technology, 48 departmental platforms for science, technology and innovation, 155 high-technology enterprises, and in 2022 it was evaluated as a SIT outstanding contributor for 2019-2021.
Repositioned to focus on achieving the Quality Development of the China-China Group and the “Fifty-Fifty” strategic objectives, with the launch of the “six Special Initiatives” by the China-building Group in early 2020 and upgraded to the “System of Action 2+6” in 2022; significant results in the clean-up of inefficient and ineffective corporate assets, improved basic management, clear improvements in financial indicators and operational efficiency, and asset structure,
The net cash flow from corporate operations has been positive for three consecutive years, and the net asset rate of return has been better than the rest of construction in recent years, although it has been under pressure. In 2022, the company achieved a net cash flow of $3.83 billion from operating activities, with a separate pay/pay ratio.
1.04/0.94 The net cash flow of the company ' s operations, which has been positive for three consecutive years and has been above the pay-as-you-go ratio for many years, reflects good corporate control over cash; the firm ' s net asset return in 2022 was 14.0 per cent, and the decline in the profit margin level has led to a decline in net asset yields in recent years, but remains the top eight construction firms.
2.1. Construction sector: Capital construction is essential for “stable growth” and credit rehabilitation of property owners: capital construction is essential for “stable growth” and housing structures are expected to benefit from new towns and cities 2.1.1. Capital construction: “stable growth” drives the acceleration of physical capital work and industrial concentration.
The report of the government's work, which emphasizes steady growth and domestic demand, sets a 5% growth target for the year as a whole. The Central Bureau of the Economy agreed to “stable” the idea of greater macroeconomic policy regulation, more effective active fiscal policy and more robust and robust monetary policy; the report of the government's work set a 5% growth target for the year 2023 for the gdp and a 5% policy delay for the macro-level policy.
The overall tone of sustained growth, secure employment, stable prices and confidence, focusing on expanding domestic demand, giving priority to recovery and expansion of consumption, and government investment and policy incentives to effectively leverage social investment; the Ministry of Finance is planning to set up a special local government bond of 3.8 trillion yuan this year.
The achievement of economic growth goals is challenging, and capital construction is expected to remain an important player in this year’s economic growth. The total retail sales of social goods from January to March 2023 to +5.8 per cent, exports to –0.8 per cent, investments in real estate development to promote major projects in various parts of the country after the same period of decline, and the second tranche of projects supported by financial instruments in 2022 has been active since last year’s q4
This year’s in-kind workload will be contributed by successive batches of work; at the end of the fund, $151.81 billion was released in January/March, with a special national debt, which remains essentially the same as last year’s same period. In the context of the ongoing recovery of consumption and export data, we expect that the achievement of the 2023 economic growth target will still need to be underpinned by infrastructure.
Figure 16: Accumulated year-on-year growth in capital investment in the three major categories. The construction industry pmi has been consistently higher than the hub in recent years since the fourth quarter of 2022, with the industry maintaining a high profile. The construction industry business activity index was 63.9 per cent in April, and the ring was 1.7 percentage points lower than in March.
Inter-districts; 64.1 per cent of the expected operational activity, five months in a row, in high-profile areas, reflecting the construction of 2.1.2. Houses by construction enterprises: completion of construction benefits from the accelerated heat-up of the Conservative Building, new construction remains under pressure, non-residential patterns are expected to expand; investment in real estate development has increased at a slower pace than in the year, and according to the National Statistics Office, national investment in real estate development has been achieved throughout 2022
Of the 13.3 trillion yuan, a 10.0 per cent decline over the same period, the construction sub-investment of 7.9 trillion yuan, a 10.8 per cent decline over the same year; and, in terms of industry, the residential development investment of 1.01 billion yuan, a 9.5 per cent decline over the same period, and the completion of 76 per cent of residential development investment remain the main determinants of the growth rate of real estate development investment.
The completion phase benefited from the accelerated warming of the Conservancy Building policy, and the start of new construction continued to be under pressure. The cumulative construction of the country ' s houses in January/February/March of this year was +8.0 per cent/+14.7 per cent, respectively, and was carried out for two months in a row since the transfer in February 2022, mainly expected to benefit from the continued advancement of the “conservancy building” policy; however, the start of new construction was cumulatively down in January/March of this year.
Housing accounts for a slight drop in total housing construction, and new forms of urbanization are expected to contribute to an increase in the demand for non-residential housing. According to the construction industry statistical yearbook, the construction sector in 2021 was 3.77 billion square metres, or 5.7 per cent, of which 2,53 billion square metres, or 4.1 per cent, were completed, and housing construction was completed in 2019.
68.1 per cent fell slightly to 67.3 per cent in 2021; according to the Government's report, the rate of urbanization of the resident population was 65.2 per cent by the end of 2022, and the target of “increasing the rate of urbanization of the resident population to 65 per cent” set out in the 14th Five-Year Plan was set in advance. New urbanization is urgently needed; and in December 2022, the Ministry of Science and Technology and the Ministry of Housing and Construction issued “14-F” Townization and Urbanization.
The Special Plan for Science, Technology and Innovation in Urban Development, which proposes, inter alia, “Strengthening urban development patterns and urban spatial layout research”, “Further improvement of integrated farm-rural structures”, is expected to lead to an increase in the demand for public buildings in the city and to an increase in the number of non-residential housing projects.
2.2. Real estate sector: Demand is in a weak recovery process, supply-side policy support is expected to boost business ownership, and demand-demand pressure has led to an accelerated decline in the landscape since 2021. On the supply side, since the second half of 2020, there have been a series of “triple red lines”, loan concentration management, tighter regulation of pre-sale funds, and “double” land supply.
The tightening of policies has led to a shortage of and even a break in the financial chain for housing enterprises, a rapid decline in land and new construction, and rapid liquidation of large numbers of risky housing enterprises; demand side, influenced by macroeconomic downswings, recurrent epidemics, and insufficient confidence in the industry and the demand of the population due to the default of individual housing firms, the suspension of loans, the expected decline in income, etc.
The housing sector has recovered in a weak state since the beginning of the year, with a convergence of high-energy cities and an acceleration of city-to-city differentiation. The cumulative sales of merchandise houses in January-March this year amounted to 3.1 trillion yuan, compared to 4.1 per cent in January and the first since February 2022.
Next, positive; cumulative sales amounted to 30 million, with a narrow fall of 1.8 per cent compared to the same period; daily high-frequency data from the Housing Authority were developed and streamlined, and the sample for the month-on-month second-line city was sold +33.6 per cent, the sample three-four city + 15.9 per cent, the three-four-line distribution was less than the second-line recovery; and, according to the Statistical Office ' s index of urban-level housing prices in the 70-moderate urban sub-city, the second-line city is the second-line city.
In terms of financing, the industry’s exposure to credit risks and the constraints of the “triple red line” have led to financial constraints.
It is difficult to refinance private enterprises, which, because of their good credit advantages, can maintain the size of their original financing at the lower end of the industry and even achieve countervailing financing; the average interest rate on corporate financing since July 2020 is significantly lower than the average interest rate on private financing, and the overall ceiling on corporate financing rates is lower and access to finance remains open;
On the land side, maintaining an adequate level of funding has further contributed to the build-up of soil reserves in the face of the country’s reversibility, and since the second half of 2021 there has been a phenomenon in the land exchange market, in which private enterprises have generally tended to be cautious, and in which the size of the land has continued to contract.
Credit restoration is a prerequisite for the recovery of the industry, and the latest government work report emphasizes “risk prevention”, weakens the narrative of regulation, speeds up financing policies to improve asset indebtedness for high-quality housing enterprises, and promises to break down the industry’s downward cycle. The latest government work report adds a new “effective protection against high-quality headhold risks” to the real estate industry.
Improved asset-liability situation, and weakened the expression of “residual housing”; since October 2022, State financing support for housing enterprises has shifted from “guaranteed projects” to “secured credit subjects”, “first arrow” bank credit support, “second arrow” debt financing support, “third arrow” equity financing untied, and support for the use of reits for real estate.
The succession of supply-side policies, such as volume assets, has helped to improve the asset liabilities of high-quality housing enterprises, and the supply-side policy is expected to remain relaxed in the context of a recovery in the overall industry landscape.
3.1. Building: To accelerate business transformation against industry risks, to undertake innovative business enabling efficiency improvements 3.1.1. The company is the leader in the housing sector and to accelerate the structural transformation of the business sector. China ' s construction has an absolute advantage in the housing sector, representing the highest level of housing construction in our country and globally.
Building operations are located in mid- and high-end markets, adhering to the marketing strategy of “high-end markets, high-end customers, high-end projects” and the business strategy of “low-cost competition, high-quality management”, with absolute leadership in housing quality and cost control, and working to provide customers with a one-stop mix of high, large, sophisticated, sophisticated, difficult and special construction projects.
Services; the company has built a large number of landmark buildings, representing the country ' s and global leadership in housing construction, including a series of large landmarks such as the new platform, the Shanghai Universal Finance Centre, the g20 Summit site, and Beijing ' s Tokyo Soho, in such areas as super-high, large estates, industrial buildings, offices, hotels, hospitals, schools, etc.
Billion dollars, with a Māori rate of 8.0 per cent; firm operating income maintained a steady upward trend, mainly due to the industry boom until 2020 Most of the inter-cycle projects are in a construction settlement period; Māori rates have been rising steadily since 2019, reflecting high corporate figures 30: corporate house construction profiles and representative projects
China’s construction has an absolute advantage in the area of housing construction, representing China’s highest level of housing construction, and is a leader in housing construction in China and globally. The scope of operations covers all areas of urban construction and every link in the construction of projects.
China's buildings are committed to providing comprehensive one-stop services for high-level, sophisticated and sophisticated construction projects, both inside and outside China, and adhere to the marketing strategy of “large owners, large markets, large projects” and the business strategy of “low-cost competition, high-quality management”, by constantly exploiting their potential, strictly controlling the cost of manufacturing and the quality of their works, and pursuing customer satisfaction measures to provide national and global owners with the quality and completion of international standards of engineering work.
There has been a marked decline in the year as a result of tighter regulation of the real estate sector, with companies actively adjusting the order structure, with residential orders proportional to the share of public building orders, such as commercial writing buildings/education facilities/medical buildings, with a corresponding upward trend, with orders rising at a reverse rate during the accelerated downswing of the industry, respectively, reflecting the restructuring of the company's operations in the lower real estate sector.
On the other hand, the company’s annual rise in market ownership, based on the advantages of mega- and integrated projects, has also contributed to the reversal of the new bill. In the context of slower growth in the construction industry, the company insists on a “large owner” strategy, based on a unique background of State capital, strong business power and a concentration of advantages, to compete in the project’s succession.
3.1.2. Actively promote the industrialization of new buildings, intelligent construction, etc., and efficient construction of enabling houses. Companies actively promote the industrialization of new buildings, represented by assembly buildings, and innovative enabling operations. 2022 New contracts for concrete components of companies amount to $3.98 billion, compared to +0.8 per cent, and new contracts for steel construction amounting to $16.2 billion, compared to 16.2 billion.
In the area of steel structure operations, the subsidiary construction worker established steel structure manufacturing bases in five regions of the country and in North Africa and the Middle East, with an annual capacity of more than 1.2 million tons, and further developed two steel complexes, steel structures plus three-board and modular buildings.
• Establishment of the "National Single-Counselling Company for Manufacturing " , a new construction industrialization manufacturing base and the highest-level production line for modular products in the country; and the construction of six national technology companies under China's international umbrella to build a new construction-wide chain solution to the construction of new forms of construction
The assembly building production base, with an annual capacity of 1.45 million square concrete. Figure 35: Corporate industrialists and product matrices. Figure 36: New contract amounts for corporate steel structures and concrete components
In the area of smart construction, the company actively promotes the standardization of smart sites and the upgrading of construction production. Smart sites are the extension of intelligent cities in building construction, the hotspots for information transformation and innovation in building sites. The parent company, China Construction Group, produced the Standards for the Application of China ' s Smart Construction Sites in 2020 to accelerate progress in standardizing and guiding intelligent sites.
It is of great importance to regulate application practices; the built-in smart site enables the intellectual management of workers, smart video monitoring, large-scale mechanical intelligence management, smart material acceptance, deformational intelligence testing, environmental intelligence management, smart physical measurements, etc., to use the scene to achieve real-time tracking of inspection and maintenance, real-time control of operating risks, double control of receiving and inspection quality, automatic control of energy consumption, etc.
3.2. Capital operations: the company attaches great importance to the development of the building blocks, and the ppp project is entering its operational life period.
The company attaches great importance to capital development and has grown strongly over the last three years. On the basis of engineering and projects, it invests in urban rail transport, high iron, megabridges, highways, city halls, ports and shipping lanes, electricity, mines, metallurgy, petrochemicals, airports, etc.
On the other hand, relying on strong capital power, it has rapidly developed into a top-notch infrastructure developer in China, investing in a large number of national and local priority projects. In 2022, the corporate capital industry achieved business income of 493.5 billion yuan, compared to 20.4 per cent, and Māori 51.6 billion yuan, with a Māori ratio of 10.5 per cent, and nearly five years ago.
In terms of order structure, corporate capital operations are based mainly on urban construction. The annual environmental/energy/water supply and treatment projects in the municipal road/highway sector account for 10.7%/11.1%/3.8% of total orders, respectively; and the railway sector has a history.
Major projects such as the high-speed, the high-speed at the Longsing-King-King border, the Wuhan metropolitan ring line project, and the Lake Water Environmental Governance Demonstration Project in the largest cities in Asia, have helped to partially address the risks of housing construction, over-reliance on the property chain in the real estate development industry and, on the other hand, a positive response to the country's “stable growth” policy.
At the end of the year, the company had 445 hand-ppp projects with an equity investment of $6,59.8 billion, which is already in operation. In terms of project type, the company ' s ppp-type projects were invested in municipal engineering, transport and integrated urban development.
By the end of 2022, municipal engineering/transport/urban integrated development/climatic medicine and safe houses/ecological environment companies have increased their asset quality management efforts in recent years, reducing the size of the receivables, and the project is expected to improve its cash flow during its life cycle.
The Gppp project was carried over by a faster volume of investment before 2019, and the volume of equity investment in hand projects increased rapidly during this period, while at the same time leading to a certain degree of pressure on cash flows; since 2020, companies have strengthened asset quality control, reasonably controlled the size of the Ppp project, and have reduced equity investment in handppp projects to a single-digit level.
The size of the accounts receivable for the ppp project was also rapidly reduced, with a 98.6 per cent compliance rate for the project that completed the annual performance appraisal in 2022; with the gradual transformation of the project to the operational period, the cash return of the company is expected to continue to improve and cash flow into real estate development is 1.3.
The company’s real estate development operations are carried out mainly through two main platforms: Central Haiti, which focuses on high-quality cities, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
In the end, the data from macro-ocean real estate operations do not participate in China’s construction property operations; China’s construction product plate is a unified brand used by China’s construction boards and design institutes to conduct real estate operations. The strategic areas of Central Haiti’s deep-drawn port, the Australasia Bay region, the Long Trinity Cape, and Kyun Jin-Shu, as well as the country’s core high-energy cities, have been in the real estate industry for many years in a row.
Retop10; Central Real Estate Business is located mainly in the middle-end property project of the second-line city and in the third- and fourth-line urban real estate project.
The company’s real estate business outperformed the industry, and China’s real estate sales were reversed. The company’s real estate business achieved $282 billion in 2022, a decline of 14.8 per cent in the same year, a Māori value of $53.5 billion, a Māori rate of 19 per cent in the same year.
With regard to the new contract, the sales of Central Haitian/Chinese properties were equal to $254.147.2 billion, respectively, but the Chinese property business remained resilient, the contract sales were positive, and the new land reserves were for the first time larger than the Central Haitian production, accelerating the country ' s distribution.
Figure 50: Corporate real estate contract sales and year-on-year increases Figure 51: Corporate real estate contract sales area and year-on-year increases Figure 52: New land reserves and year-on-year increases in corporate real estate
Figure 53: Accumulated real estate reserves of companies and the same rate of increase in Central Haitian production: pool of resources to core cities, healthy financial indicators, industry leaders for sound development, professional focus on real estate owners.
The platform, which in recent years has been firmly based on the development goals of the International Group of Eminent Real Estate Development Operators, has been firmly anchored in the development of “mainstream cities, mainstream areas, mainstream products” and consistent with the real estate industry. In 2022, the company performed six consecutive years in the top ten (four industry-wide) of the industry’s sales list, and in 2022 in the sixth place in full-calibre sales.
The company has accelerated the process of gathering in priority cities, mainly with a high level of energy. We have combed the new non-focused cities from 2017 to 2022, with three or more years of unoccupied land, and in 2022, with no additional earth reserves, reflecting the company’s rapid convergence towards concentrated cities, with caution with regard to taking land in new cities and in cities with fewer operations.
By the end of 2022, according to the annual report, companies had a lower weighted average cost of debt financing in first-line cities/bought second-line cities/other cities than they had in the past few years, creating a financial advantage in the corporate context. Companies issued green China in 2022 for the first single-bank market, the country’s largest carbon center and cmbs, and completed the central bank.
Supported initial M&As, etc., with short-term interest-bearing debt balances of $19.7 billion as of the end of 2022, long-term interest-bearing debt, corporate debt financing costs in the context of accelerated exposure to overall credit risk and interest-bearing debt inversely rising levels of interest-bearing debt on the one hand as a result of the increasing maturity of external debt financing with higher interest rates and the decline in new financing on the other hand.
The context also facilitates corporate finance. Domestic and foreign rating agencies have granted the highest investment rating for intra-company housing units for many years, and in 2022 three international rating agencies, Fitch, Moody, Puppeteor to Company credit ratings and rating prospects, respectively, a-/stable, baa1/stable, bbb+/stable.
Companies develop with high quality while ensuring sound financial indicators. While the level of corporate performance and profits is inevitably affected in the industry’s lower run, the company’s cost management capacity is significant, and its rates are prominent in the industry’s lead, from which the firm’s net interest rate on sales is also high among the leading firms; in late 2022, companies cut their advance payments.
The housing sector is among the highest; the company ' s roe is slightly below the average of the first echelons, mainly due to low financial leverage. 3.3.2. Centrally built property: maintaining territorialization, with a strong competitive edge in the industrial chain.
The central estate business and the territorialization of the three-line cities are operated in the first to eighth rounds. The main parts of the property development platform are located in Beijing, Beijing, Wuhan, Guangzhou, Changsha, Tianjin, Chengzhou, Shanghai.
In the new pattern of the real estate industry, the Chinese real estate series has a strong edge in the industrial chain because of the housing background of the Engineering Department’s parent company, and the governments have encouraged the country’s enterprises to develop their properties, with a negative growth in revenue and sales, with a similar income of +15.1% in 2022 and a new contract of +18.9%, and with the exception of China’s construction of East Fook (III).
The Bureau, China Xinjin (five bureaus), China Xianjin (two bureaus) and China Xianjichi (one bureau) have performed prominently in the low-end period of the industry, with sales of Top 100 in 2022.
The tenth anniversary of the One Way initiative was driven by a marked increase in our capital cooperation with countries along the route, with notable results in the focus areas. The year 2023 marked the tenth anniversary of the One Way initiative, with over 200 “One Way” cooperation documents signed with 151 countries and 32 international organizations over the past 10 years, with an average annual increase in exports and imports from countries along the route.
8.6% two-way investment is on the way to a new level. Overall, “one-way” important events can drive our investment in countries along the line, and because of the large number of developing countries along the line, there is a strong demand for housing and infrastructure.
“Building a world-class model business”, committed to taking the lead in innovative capabilities, quality benefits, brand values, governance levels, and international visibility, and to accelerating the construction of a globally competitive world-class business; as China's early “go-out” firm, led by a company that built a “one-way” in ASEAN and beyond, Central Asia, Central and Eastern Europe,
Various branches have been established along the “one-way” route in Latin America, Africa and other regions, expanding market share, building a series of poles, including the project for the Central Business Area in the new capital of Egypt and the new capital, the Moscow China Trade Centre project, the Suwanap Airport project in Bangkok, Thailand, and the Chinese Government Assistance to the Cambodia Stadium project, leading the 250th largest global contractor of the United Nations for many years:
And in recent years, the company has been pushing for business transformation, moving from ordinary to high-end housing and infrastructure domains, and pursuing a high-quality overseas development strategy in the context of engineering commitments.
Figure 62: Māori and Māori rates for corporate operations abroad are expected to improve further as the global macroeconomic environment stabilizes and the impact of the epidemic subsides. In 2022, the company achieved $108 billion in revenue from its main operations outside the company, a 20.9 per cent increase.
On 18 November 2022, Secretary-General Xi Jinping announced at the apec summit that China would consider organizing the third Summit International Cooperation Forum “One Way” in order to give new impetus to development and prosperity in Asia and the Pacific and around the world. In May this year, the Summit of the Heads of State of the five Central Asian countries will be held.
External operations are expected to open up further opportunities for growth. 3.5. Emerging industries: active exploration of eco-environment, new building materials, etc., and fostering new dynamic energy.
New business areas such as water environmental protection, e-commerce, smart operations, environmentally friendly equipment manufacturing, new building materials, etc., deploy innovative chains around industrial chains, nurture new dynamic energy, and multi-subsidiary companies to lead a segmented industry. China Ring Energy (300425.sz) is a company-owned environmentally friendly listed enterprise that strives to become a state-of-the-art environmental technology.
Products and solutions providers. The company, a “new and specialized” small giant company, has established technology and research centres in Chengdu, Beijing and Suzhou, providing technical products and services to clients in the areas of water environmental governance in municipalities, watersheds and towns, industrial water treatment and reuse, such as metallurgy, coal, industrial processes and waste disposal, based on South-West, North-West, East-West and China.
The regional market layout of the centre of South and China is fast-tracked to respond to client demand. The company has developed a well-developed product line and product system, including magnetic separation, magnetic sedimentation, pore grids, magnetic biochemistry, centrifugal dehydration, sludge drying, etc., which is nearly 20 billion yuan, or 6.3 per cent more.
Construction in the west (00202.sz) is the leading national integrated service provider in the construction materials industry, focusing on concrete and related operations, with complete industrial chains of cement, extra agent, commodity sands, sandstones, transport pumps, scientific research and testing.
A strong production supply capacity and a well-developed industrial chain have developed close production and research relationships with recognized institutions of higher learning, such as Qinghua University and Wuhan University, with the only state-recognized technology centre in the pre-mixed concrete industry, the first post-doctoral research station in the country, and autonomously developed super-high pumps to deliver concrete, super-highly clear concrete, fresh water concrete, bubbles.
Products such as molten concrete and radiation-proof concrete have been successfully used in China's first high-rise building — the 117th Building (597 metres) in Tianjin, the third largest mosque in the world — the Garma Mosque in Algeria, etc. — to lead the industry towards high-tech, green and intelligent development.
With the acceleration of a steady recovery in the construction of real estate at the bottom, the demand for the concrete sector will continue to be largely underpinned by infrastructure, and the pull of demand for the industry will gradually emerge in the second half of the year as the policy of housing adjustment moves forward.
In order to further stimulate the core core of productive potential and promote high-quality business development, it is in the context of the policy of the State Finance Committee of the State Council to encourage business pilot equity incentives.
Under the terms of approval, China has implemented a ten-year medium- and long-term incentive scheme for China’s share in the market; in addition to this, the company has introduced a bonus incentive for technology-based subsidiaries, a term-time incentive for China’s first Bureau and other pilot units for over-sharing, and a full-fledged incentive for “business-building, value-sharing, benefit-sharing and risk-sharing”
Since 2013, the company has accumulated four periods of equity incentives covering 7107 persons, ranging from company directors, senior managers, to mid-level managers, top-level project managers, scientific and technological specialists, highly skilled personnel, cadres of key posts, etc., with a precise range of incentives reflecting corporate strategy and business concepts, and a focus on core clusters and cores.
In 2023, the State Finance Committee of the State Council began piloting a system of “one-rate-five” indicators to increase net asset yields and cash flows.
In order to accelerate the achievement of high-quality development by central enterprises, the National Investment Commission has developed a system of central business performance indicators. In 2023, the National Finance Committee, in its assessment of the results of its work in recent years, has made an optimal adjustment to the system of central business performance indicators in the light of the new mission of the new era of State investment.
The “two-sift-for-four” adjustment to “one-for-one-for-five” and the overall objective to be “one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one” is to mean that the overall profit increase is higher than the national economy; the “one-for-one-for-one” adjustment to “assets-debt ratio control below 65 per cent” is to be “stable at about 65 per cent; the next control of the liability ratio by the National Finance Commission will be based on the principle of “tensions, overall stability”, and, on the contrary,
Enterprises that are in a period of strategic input and have low liabilities of their own, risk-controlled enterprises that can allow a reasonable and reasonable increase in debt ratios, but that are above the security and control lines and are not in a position to invest in the business of the industry and have a poor level of investment management, are determined to keep down the debt ratios: "4 up" means the net asset rate of return, the intensity of investment in research and development, and the full size of the staff.
Work productivity and operating cash ratios are expected to increase further. Corporate profitability is stable, net asset yields, full labour productivity, etc. are better than industry averages. With the “one-for-one-five” rate of return on net assets, operating cash ratios, and the weight of the test, the company’s strategy is expected to improve efficiency and the quality and efficiency of its operations further.
5. Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 5.1. Overpayments by construction companies occur in broad-currency to broad-credit periods, and the subject-matter situation is triggered by policy.
The start-up phase is reflected in macro-indicators, where m2-and-a-year growth has been halted, macro-investment (fixed-asset investment/capital investment) has been reversed, and macro-cyclical fluctuations have generally resulted in over-revenues of 1 to 3 Lidus in construction, if the industry’s heavy-pound policy changes or thematic investments have been eliminated.
In addition to the impact of macrocycles on the fundamentals and valuation belts of construction companies, which generate cyclical excess gains, construction companies have also experienced a number of major rises in their history, usually triggered by a combination of macro and market levels or by major industrial policies, such as the “one-way” initiative.
Figure 70: The building conglomerates have excess gains in the broad currency to broad credit phase, and the thematic context is generally triggered by policy (as of 28 April 2023) 5.2. The company's current valuation level is at the heart of history.
As the largest engineering contractor in the world, a new round of state-owned business reforms has led to a further improvement in the quality of business, and the “one-way” initiative has brought about new opportunities for overseas development; company valuations are below the average of comparable companies and are expected to continue to be repaired.
Seven of the remaining eight companies were selected as comparable companies, and the company’s 5 May rate of market gain (ttm) and net rate (lf) was lower than the average of comparable companies. China’s construction was a leading global investment build group, dealing with all areas of urban construction and every link in project construction, with absolute advantages in the area of housing construction in recent years.
Continued capital-related activity; maintenance of high capital-chain conditions, housing-building and housing-development scenario recovery, sustained progress in state-owned business reforms that contribute to continued optimization of corporate performance and financial indicators and that, as the largest engineering contractor in the world, the company will benefit fully from the development opportunities of the tenth anniversary of the One Way initiative, with further valuation levels expected
The housing sector has not recovered as expected. Nearly 80% of corporate housing, real estate development, and orders are closely linked to the housing industry’s state of view; the current housing sector is in a weak recovery phase and, if not, may affect the company’s new position.
(2) Capital investment has not increased as fast as expected. In recent years, the company has focused on capital construction operations, which, if not as fast as expected, could affect the company's overall performance. (3) “Access” boosts overseas operations as expected.
This round of state corporate reform, which proposes a "one-for-five" rate and a "one-for-one-for-one-for-four-for-one-for-one" increase, helps to stimulate corporate business performance indicators to be further optimized, and may have an impact if the pace of government reform is not as high as expected.
China’s three major financial forecasting tables for construction have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and have been equipped with the Securities Investment Advisory Board.