The three major industries grew up in the future with a significant expansion.
The acquisition of 13 potassium fertilizer plants and the Cullum mining industry east of the railway \triangleright rhan, the introduction of potassium fertilizer in 2016, the establishment of the Tibetan lithium industry in 2017, the start of the second major industry, the launch of 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity in 2019
In the same year, 37 per cent of the giant bronze industry was received from major shareholders to inject high-quality copper into the company's assets, which led to the creation of three major titanium lithium industry layouts; in 2021, the purchase of shares in the SWF, with a coded salt lake for lithium, in 2023, the planning of potassium fertilizer expansion in Laos, and in 2023, the planning of the two or three phases of the copper plate dragon, with the company continuing to move forward.
In recent years, the production of potassium chloride has stabilized at around 1 million tons, and in 2023 the company went out to two potassium salt mines in Laos.
Two million tonnes/year of planned capacity, doubling the total postpartum capacity. Global supply of and demand for potassium fertilizer is unevenly distributed, with 80% of the demand for it, through trade regulation, high dependence on imports for domestic potassium fertilizer, and the geopolitical and Red Sea crises have led to international dragons.
The cost of large-scale plants has risen significantly, potassium fertilizer prices are supported by costs and there is limited scope for decline, and potassium fertilizer operations are expected to be research assistant South Snow Source Lithium: The cost of lithium from salt lakes has a significant advantage, with an advanced yield capacity of 89,000 tons.
Itozar Khan Salt Lake, with potassium first followed by lithium carbonate, with 10,000 tons of lithium production capacity, 24 per cent interest in the Tibetan Tamizo Salt Lake through the Tibetan Youth Fund, 100,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity planned for the Memeso project, and 50,000 tons of the first phase of the mining certificate under development, with a tea card, a dragonwood salt lake and a post-partum company through the National Energy Mining Unit
The semi-annual report of the Tibetan Mining (000408.sz) in 2024 assessed that the copper plus potassium fertilizer operations performed beyond expectations, with three-wheel-drive single-ton production costs of 41,000, on the left side of the global lithium industry cost curve, with expansion projects for salt lake lithium.
The cost advantage is evident in the context of the sharp downward movement of lithium prices.
\triangleright Mine Operations Management Capacity, with 81,000 tons of mineral copper produced by the 2024h1 dragon copper industry, net profit of 2.780 billion.
The action programme, which shows confidence in development - 20.4. Tibetan mining (000408.sz) is reported in the third quarter of 2023.
After childbirth, production of copper from dragons will increase to 300,000 to 350,000 tons, annual production of copper from three projects will increase to 600,000 tons, corporate-owned copper production will rise to 185,000 tons, and copper blocks will grow more resiliently. The corporate asset-liability rate will be only 5.2%, and a high-scoring red policy is expected to continue.
Investment proposals: three-wheel-drive titanium copper from the company, with significant growth in all three operations, lower prices for potassium fertilizer \triangleright limited space, significant cost advantages for lithium carbonate operations, the Dragon 2-3 expansion project opening up room for growth, we
\triangleright 1 potassium lithium copper three-wheel drive, three-round simultaneous expansion of three operations, three-wheel-drive potassium lithium copper, three-wheel-drive simultaneous expansion of production aids in three major industries.
In 2012, the company financed the acquisition of 13 potassium fertilizer plants and the mining industry in Kunlon, east of the Tharkhan railway, and integrated into the potassium fertilizer business; in 2016, the company took the shell to market, producing 2 million tons of potassium chloride, becoming the country ' s second largest producer of potassium fertilizer; in 2017, it established the Tibetan lithium industry and began the new energy industry, 2019.
10,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity, receiving 37 per cent of the giant bronze sector from major shareholders in the same year, laying a solid foundation for the future development of the company ' s copper business; the 2021 offer to purchase shares in the youth fund, plus the code-based lithium carbonate industry; the participation in the dragon copper elimination phase, which was scheduled to be completed and the copper plate to begin to make a contribution; and the 2023 trip to the sea.
The company now has three main facilities of potassium lithium copper, which expands simultaneously, enabling the company to grow in the long term. The three branches are more resilient and can grow in the long term. The potassium fertilizer business, which is currently building Salt Lake Charkhan.
With 2 million tons of potassium chloride producing capacity and an actual capacity of about 1 million tons, the future increase is mainly in Laos, with 2 million tons of potassium chloride producing capacity planned, and the postnatal company producing a total equity capacity of 2.4 million tons; and the lithium salt business, which currently has 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate producing capacity in Lake Zahr Khan Salt, with future increases concentrated in Tibet, with planned projects including Mamy
With 100,000 tons of capacity, 60,000 tons of capacity, 60,000 tons of capacity, 70,000 tons of capacity, and post-partum capacity, the company ' s total equity capacity is 89,000 tons; the copper mining business, which currently has a capacity of about 150,000 tons, the company ' s equity capacity is 46,000 tons, and the company ' s equity capacity has increased to 185,000 tons after the completion of the two-stage project.
As of 2024h1, the real controlling person was Mr. Shaw Young-min, and sand and steel held 17.21% as financial investors.
The company holds a full share in the potassium-polymer and Tibetan-carbohydrate industries, each of which is involved in the production and sale of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, with a clear equity structure, while the company has a 30.78% share in the dragon copper industry, which is the second largest shareholder in the dragon-copper industry.
The collapse of potassium lithium prices has led to a decline in corporate performance. Starting in 2021, with the surge in demand for new domestic energy vehicles, the rapid rise in lithium prices, the rapid growth of corporate lithium carbonate operations, the reversal of the supply and demand patterns of major international plants as a result of the build-up of the conflict in the Russian Federation, the rapid fall in lithium prices in 2023, potassium fertilizer, and the disruption of the margins of the conflict in the Russian Federation.
Domestic potassium fat imports recovered rapidly, and the fall in potassium lithium prices led to a 37.0 per cent decline in the company’s revenue of 2024h1 battalion in the same year, and a 36.0 per cent decline in the net return of the company in the same year. Lithium carbonate, potassium fertilizer, formed the core industry, and the fall in prices led to a decline in the gross profit ratio.
For lithium carbonate and potassium chloride, 2024h1 recovered $630 million from lithium carbonate operations due to the fall in the price of lithium potassium, and the fall in the price of potassium 2024h1 resulted in a decline in both major industries. Figure 8: Māori share of corporate potassium operations
Figure 9: The Māori rate for the two products of 2024h1 has fallen, but remains high, with the second largest shareholder in the dragon copper industry and a rapidly growing return on investment. The company is the second largest shareholder in the dragon copper industry, holding 30.78% of the shares, and in 2020, the violet gold industry became the controlling shareholder in the dragon copper industry, and the dragon copper mine was removed in late 2021.
As scheduled, with strong managerial and cost-control capacity, dragon copper production can be released quickly, with 24h1 achieving 810,000 tons of copper, net profit of $2.78 billion, and company investment returns growing rapidly, with 2024h1 billion to 1.02 billion, figure 10: mineral wealth of dragon copper.
The cost rate remains low and high red is expected to continue. For the period 2020-2024h1, the overall cost rate is 2 potassium: the country’s Dragon II, the base price supports potassium fertilizer performance 2.1, using a resource consolidation opportunity, the potassium fertilizer business, and a reserve of expanding resources out of Laos.
In 2002, Mr. Shaw Young-ming, the firm's real control, established potassium composting in Tibetan, began to engage in potassium composting, and the 2007 Qinghai government issued a request for resource consolidation as a result of the chronic and disorderly exploitation of salt lake resources in the area of mining rights in Kunon east of the Tsar Khan railway.
As the only grouping, Tibetan potassium fertilizer began to thrive on upstream potassium fertilizer resources, and in 2012 it completed the integrated acquisition of the Cullum mining industry and 13 potassium fertilizer enterprises, acquiring 724.35 square kilometres of mining rights and 800,000 tons of potassium fertility in Salt Lake Tharkhan.
In 2009, the company developed and patented the solid fluid technology, allowing for the emergence of a large number of low-grade potassium salt mines that would otherwise be unusable under mining rights. The sequestering technology uses tail halogen with fresh water as a soluble agent for refilling low-grade potassium mines.
The success of the sequestering technology has led to a significant increase in the capacity of companies to secure additional solid kci reserves of 62.29 million tons, a steady increase in the stock of resources, and the right to explore three potassium salt mines on the cliffs of the Blue Sea through auctions and mergers.
In 2017, the company competed in auctions for prospecting rights in the Black North Potassium mine at the Grand Beach of the Blue Sea cliffs, covering 492.56 square kilometres of mineral rights, mainly potassium salt, with lithium, magnesium, mannitrium; in December 2021, the company paid $5.49 million to acquire 100 per cent of the Ka Jin Industries stock and to receive a deposit for potassium salt in the Alpine Rock Hills of the Blue Sea cliffs.
(b) In December 2021, the company invested $3.658 million in the acquisition of 100 per cent of the Titanton Source and the acquisition of a detailed survey of the eastern part of the deep-water potassium salt mine in the Siao Liangshan-Great Wind Hill area of the Commission;
In February 2023, the company signed two agreements with the Lao Government for the exploration of potassium salt, located in the Cantons of Setany, Vientiane City, and Bao, with an area of 19897 and 199.28 square kilometres, respectively, and the company plans to work with local Lao enterprises to promote the development of the project.
At the end of 24q2, the Government approved the report on the exploration of potassium salt mines in Bao County, with a total of 970 million tons of resources for chlorinated potassium, which could be studied and re-profiled, and the Setani County project, which is currently under exploration. Lao potassium salt mines are dominated by halolite, with a higher grade than that in the Salt Lake of Zahrkhan.
The types of mines include potassium salt, halolite and potassium halogen, three types: Canada, Belarus, United States potassium mines, which are dominated by potassium salt, with the highest grade of about 25-30 per cent, Lao potassium salt mines, which are predominantly halolite, and potassium chloride, which is about 15-20 per cent below the potassium salt mine, but higher than in the country ' s Zalkhan Salt Lake region.
The Lao potassium salt mining process is different from the beach tanning of the Salt Lake of Charhan, where underground construction and backfilling are the keys. The company ' s potassium salt mining is a solid mine, and the process differs mainly from that of the Salt Lake of Charhan, where the mining process is the first to dissolve the solid potassium mine, and then to produce halogenated raw materials from the salt fields, the older one.
The Lao Potassium Salt mine, which is directly obtained through underground mining, requires the construction and development of underground mines, which are more difficult to develop, as well as backfilling of sub-well areas, where the extraction chain is essentially similar and ultimately produces potassium chloride.
The Lao potassium salt mining project has a well-developed infrastructure and the Central and Central Railway has helped the Lao potassium-feeding country. The Lao potassium salt mining resources are located mainly in Vientiane and Gammon Provinces, with two company-owned potassium chloride projects located in Vientiane City, adjacent to each other's mines, close to the highways, better transport conditions, electricity and water, and the mines adjacent to the Mekong and South Russia rivers, with 115kv nearby.
In December 2021, the old and middle railways officially opened and the company Lao Project produced potassium chloride, which is expected to facilitate counter-feeding in the country. Production capacity continues to expand, growing to become the country’s second largest producer of potassium fertilizer.
The consolidation of 13 potassium fertilizer enterprises in Qinghai, with the production of 800,000 tons of potassium fertilizer, and the success of the development of the solid-transit liquid technology in 2009, led to a significant increase in the company ' s potassium salt reserves and laid the foundation for the expansion of potassium fertilizer. 480,000 tons and 320,000 tons of potassium chloride conversion project were launched in 2012 and the new 400,000 tons of potassium chloride project was launched in 2016, and the company chlorinated.
Potassium production is 2 million tons, making it the country ' s second largest producer of potassium fertilizer. 2) Laos: 2 million tons of potassium chloride production is planned for the first phase and we expect production in 2028. 2.2 Potassium fertilizer in the country is highly import-dependent and industry costs support.
Potassium fertilizer is mainly used in agriculture, and the main product type is potassium chloride, one of the nutrients of which is the metabolite of the participating plants, promoting the synthesis of sugar and starch. Potassium is widely used in both field crops and cash crops and is used as “food for food”. The application of potassium fertilizer can be improved on one hand.
The main varieties of potassium fertilizer include potassium chloride, potassium sulphate, potassium sulphate and potassium nitrate, of which potassium chloride is found in potassium because of resource abundance, high nutrient levels and easy to absorb.
More than 90% of fertilizer products. 3.6 billion tons of potassium oxidation (excluding the Dead Sea) are stored in the world ' s potassium fertilizer resources, with the largest producer of potassium fertilization resources, 1.10 billion tons of potassium oxidation in 2023, or 31% of the world ' s total, Belarus and Russia.
As the world ' s largest agricultural power, China is the largest country in the world. Potassium fertilizer resources are distributed mainly in the Qinghai Zada River Basin and Xinjiang Robpo, with 180 million tons in 2023, representing only 5 per cent of the world ' s reserves.
Strikes, geopolitics, and conflicts have led to a decline in production in major producing countries and a decline in global potassium fertilizer production. The world’s largest producer of potassium fertilizer, Canada, sustained a large-scale strike in the port of Vancouver, reduced production to 13 million tons in 2023 to 3.8 million tons, a 50.2 per cent decrease; Russia’s supply of potassium fertilizer from 2021 to 2021 as a result of economic sanctions.
The decline in production in the major supplier countries resulted in a global supply of potassium fertilizer. Figure 21: The decline in production in the major supplier countries has led to a decline in total global production of potassium fertilizer, which is up to 74 per cent of the global potassium fertilizer capacity, with the top two suppliers in the country being the Salt Lake stock and the Tibetan Mining Company.
The world ' s fifth largest producers of potassium in 2022 were Canada ' s nutrien, Ural potassium fertilizer, Belarus ' s potassium fertilizer, Merseng and icl, with a combined capacity of 74 per cent, with a high concentration of industry, with a national capacity of more than 2 million tons in salt lakes and the Tibetan mining industry, chlorination and chlorination.
According to ARJUS data, global demand for potassium fertilizer in 2023 was about 68.2 million tons, concentrated in Asia and Latin America, where agriculture is more advanced.
In the Americas and North America, demand was 44 per cent, 23 per cent, 16 per cent, respectively; in terms of end-crops, potassium fertilizer was used more widely in agriculture, with a higher demand for vegetables, maize, rice for potassium, 17 per cent, 15 per cent, and 12 per cent, respectively. In terms of demand growth, there was a growing domestic focus on food security, Viet Nam, Indonesia, etc.
Economic growth and population growth in sub-Saharan countries, and Asia will remain the main region for future growth in the demand for potassium fertilizer, which, according to Arjus, is expected to increase to 80 million tons in 2025 and 8.3 per cent in two years of cagr. There is a large gap in demand for potassium fertilizer in the country, with dependence on imports remaining at 50 per cent.
The global demand for potassium fertilizer has been the highest in recent years, at around 16 million tons, with an apparent consumption of 16,72 million tons in 2023, an increase of 12.1 per cent over the previous year, while the country ' s resources for potassium fertilizer are scarce, production capacity is severely inadequate, the domestic capacity for potassium fertilizer remained around 6.8 million tons in 2019-2023, and large supply and demand gaps have been dependent on imports in recent years.
Import dependence has remained at around 50 per cent, international health events have slowed, domestic potassium fertilizer imports have recovered rapidly, and imports of potassium chloride reached an all-time high of 11,570,000 tons in 2023, an increase of 45.9 per cent over the same period, while Canada ' s share has fallen to 20 per cent, while Lao imports have risen to 16 per cent and Israeli imports have decreased.
The cost of major international plants, such as potassium, has risen significantly, and industry costs have become apparent. Multiple factors have led to a significant increase in the cost of potassium fertilizer suppliers, namely, potassium, potassium and potassium salt mines, which started in the 1930s, with a long-term trend in the cost of declining grade levels; and the experience of the United States and Europe with Russia and Belarus.
As a result of sanctions, shipping companies, insurance companies and insurance companies refused to carry orders for potassium, Belarusian potassium fertilizer, some of which could only be sold to distant markets, leading to higher transit costs, while 80 per cent of global demand for potassium fertilizer needed to be met easily through trade, with the Russian-Turkish conflict and the Red Sea crisis causing a significant increase in transport costs.
The cost of nutrien and US$ 1642 per ton of sales increased by 11.7 per cent, 18.8 per cent and the cost of potassium 1858 per ton, an increase of 81.7 per cent, the most significant of which is that the industry is now better supported by costs, with limited scope for price decline.
With the improvement of domestic demand, the port stock has been rapidly digested. By the end of August 2024, the stock of the national port of potassium fertilizer had fallen from a high of 4085,000 tons in February 2024 to 31.39 million tons, although still above the 2021-2022 level.
On July 9, 2024, China’s Potassium Fertilizers Negotiating Group (CMC, China, China China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
The agreement on a fertilizer import contract, which is set at US$ 273, a decrease of US$ 34/tonne from the same year, is in line with market expectations. The potassium fertilizer contract price has been providing a price base for the domestic market, and the landing of the major contract price in 2024 is expected to support domestic price stability.
The Russian-Russian conflict in 2022 led to a reduction in production and a sharp increase in the price of potassium fertilizer, which led to a rise in the company's potassium-plate harvest of between +44.1 and 3.81 billion yuan, gross.
There has been a significant recovery, the domestic price of potassium chloride has been depressed, and the high price of potassium fertilizer has led to a decline in the resource end mass of 2024h1 potassium. The company Charhan Salt Lake has a capacity of 2 million tons of potassium chloride, but sales have remained at around 1 million tons in the last five years, of which 1.31 million tons were produced in 2022, mainly due to Russia.
The conflict resulted in a shortage of potassium in the country, increased production by companies, and a 50 per cent increase in capacity utilization, mainly due to the reduction in mineral resources as the number of years of exploitation increased, assuming that the remaining mine could be mined on a full yield basis for about 30 years starting in 2017, while the level of potassium chloride in the mine area was reduced and dissolved during potassium fertilizer production.
The mining time has been extended accordingly to ensure long-term development and has not been able to reach full production. In 2024, the company’s production target was slightly higher than the cost of materials by $59 per year, and we expect that the cost of halogenated raw materials will increase, the cost of transport will increase slightly from the same time, and the other costs will be more or less equal.
Increased, industry-based cost supports, potassium fertilizer prices are stable and potassium fertilizer operations are expected to contribute to steady performance. Figure 37: Cost components of corporate production of potassium chloride (RM/t) Figure 36: Production costs of potassium 2020-2024h1 are stable
Figure 38: The company ' s calcium chloride Māori rate remains high 3 lithium: Lithium from Tibetan Salt Lake plus code, with a cost advantage of 3.1 in Qinghai, Tibet plus yards, sword to low-cost salt lake tiles 1
In 2017, in order to make full use of the resources of the Salt Lake, the company set up the Tibetan lithium industry, which is planned to produce 20,000 tons per year of lithium carbonate, after one and a half years of process optimization and construction, with 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year produced in January 2019.
The project was launched (with a 20,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate project phase per year), the product met battery-grade standards, the company ' s lithium carbonate business optimized the adsorption membrane process and addressed the problems of the ultra low concentration of lithium halogenated. The core disadvantage, though abundant, was low grade, and the company owned only lithium ion concentrations in the salt lake area east of the Charkhan railway.
About 50 ppm, well below South America’s high-quality salt lake resources. In 2018, the company introduced the industry leader, Mr. Zhang Seong-soon, and in 2019, it developed a self-styled process of “simulating continuous adsorption-resistance, constriction of sundry-mvr enrichment- sodium carbonate deposition” that addressed the world’s difficulties of ultra low concentrations of halogenated lithium.
On the other hand, a subsidiary, the Tibetan lithium industry, with 10,000 tons of electricity and carbon lines, is now fully operational, exceeding 2,000 tons in 2023, with a fraction that demonstrates the maturity of the technology.
The multi-billion dollar purchase of the 47.08% share of the Jiangsu Soo Qing Xin Energy Industry Development Fund (Yingsa Foundation) became the first partner in the Qingjin Foundation, which acquired 51% of the share in the mahmazzo mine from natural persons for the same month. The company is currently penetrating 24.01% of the Qin Foundation's possession of mahmsa salt lake through the Qin Foundation.
Equity, under a strategic agreement with the SWF, the Mámico project was put into the post-natal phase, where the company raised the share ratio to 51% and above to achieve control. Mámítsa Salt Lake is located in the Tibetan region of Arichan and is located in a remote location and requires accompanying electricity projects.
Mamy saline lake is located in the town of Mami, in the territory of Ali, Tibet, 30 km from the commune of Mami, 110 km from the commune of Sumi, where the mine is connected to the main urban and rural roads in the district, 920 km from the subdistrict to the east, 390 km to the city of Lhasa, and 790 km to the north from the subdistrict to the city of Lhasa.
At the end of the grid, the area is not capable of meeting the project’s production needs and needs to be accompanied by construction projects.
In 2009, the Memico mine acquired the right of prospecting for the Memico Lake, which covers an area of 115.43 square kilometres. According to the detailed survey adopted in June 2011, the amount of solid bollium ore in the Memico Salt Lake was 36.8608 million tons, with an average grade of 8.81 per cent for b2o3 and resource volume.
An average grade of 1865.71 mg/l, a resource of 82.10 million tonnes, an average of 13684.40 mg/l in kcl, a source of 606.69 million tonnes, accompanied by a small amount of resources for the development of lithium in liquid mines, blubium in liquid mines, and potassium in solid bollium in liquid mines are currently not available.
In terms of economic development, the relatively remote location of the lake, the distance from which it is sold, the low level of potassium, caesium and caesium in liquid mines themselves, the low economic efficiency of the current development of potassium resources in solid boron and liquid mines, the poor state of the hydropower infrastructure in the mines, and the need for the development of potassium titanium.
As a result of the large-scale salt fields, which require extraction techniques that may affect the local ecological environment, Phase I plans to exploit lithium and boron resources in liquid mines, the technology has matured for use in the company’s Salt Lake project using adsorption techniques. Qinghai, Tibet
Salt lakes, because of their halogen properties, have produced various lithium processes such as adsorption, electro-filtration/filtration, extraction, electrochemical de-ing, salinization, etc., which rely mainly on adsorption with specific adsorbent to lithium ion. Lithium ion is separated and the lithium ion is then dissipated with de-sapt to form a lithium ion solution and then added to sodium carbonate sedimentation.
Lithium carbonate. The process has a short production cycle, a high recovery rate, no need to build large areas of salt fields, no contamination by adsorption, and has matured for use in the Renko lithium industry, the company Charkhan Salt Lake 10,000 tons project. The concentration of lithium ion in the MIT Lake is high, the local environmental requirements are stringent, and there are no conditions for the construction of large-scale salt fields, so the company plans to adopt adsorption.
Unlike the production process for Salt Lake Tharkhan, the process is already fully tested in the Lithium Tibetan industry by pre-treatment of halogenated water.
Before attachment, filtration is required to remove the root ion of sulphate, and then to send halogen water to the pure water system, to produce pure water as plant water, to the sorbent, to process the enriched halogen to the hot water, to parsing the parsed qualified liquid to the filtration counterpermeasurance, and then to remove the concentration through the filtration/electric permeability, interlocking, mvr evaporation.
In the process of diaphragm separation, resin removal, electro-septic enrichment, the by-product waste water contains a higher volume of boron, the use of membrane separation evaporation, crystallization, the production of high-quality beryllium sand products, and the recovery of large quantities of fresh water.
The company has tested the production chain in the Tibetan lithium industry, with a recovery rate of 91 per cent for the sediment process and 99 per cent for the integrated recovery of the minerals, while a phase of 50,000 tons of capacity is expected to be operational by the end of the 25th year.
By the end of 2024h1, the project had completed the selection of the site of the production workshop, the clean-up of the prior period and the partial mining road.
With regard to energy security, the company has signed an energy supply agreement with Nakahiro, who is responsible for the construction of a photovoltaic + electro-electric storage + molten salt heat storage power station, providing electricity and steam, and has now completed its internal project.
The cost of production is 31,000 yuan per ton, at a total cost of 35,000 yuan. In the remote location of the lake, and in the composition of the cost of lithium carbonate, we expect that the cost of transportation for the future sale of lithium carbonate will be higher than that of Lake Zalkane, while, in the case of electricity, steam energy security, the company will purchase the same amount of nuclear energy.
In Lake Tsharhan, but the lithium resources of Lake Tamitha are much higher than Lake Tshar, with only 988.2 cubic metres of water per ton of lithium carbonate consumed, and 1.6 tons per ton of sodium carbonate. According to company data, the cost of the first phase of the project is $31,000 per ton of lithium carbonate produced, at a total cost of $35,000, which is lower than Lake Tsharkhana, with significant cost advantages.
In March 2023, the company's participation fund, the Tibetan Youth Fund, planned to buy 40.8 million yuan and 600 million yuan, respectively, 34 per cent and 5 per cent of the country's share in mining. The country has the right to mining in the Tibetan Yujika Salt Lake and the Dragonwood Salt Lake.
After the completion of the acquisition of the SWF, which will be carried out through the Tibetan Youth Fund, the company will have a 21.09 per cent stake through Lake Tea Card Salt, and Lake Dragonwood Tsalt Lake, which will be owned by the future country.
In April 2021, the country was able to complete the renewal of mining rights in two salt lakes, with tea cards valid for 10 years.
In April 2024, the country completed the renewal of the mining rights of the lake, with a capacity of 10 million tons. According to the plan of the two lakes, lithium salt production exceeded the current size of the mining certificate, and the subsequent exchange of certificates still needed to be completed.
Yujika Salt Lake, Ryugi Salt Lake, is located in Tibet Ali, in a remote location. Yujika Salt Lake, Yong Yutsu Salt Lake, is located in Japan County in the Ari region of Tibet. Ryujitsu is north-west of Yujika, two salt lakes are close to the new hideaway road, g219 is easier to transport, and can be moved north to Xinjiang Kashi, but two salt lakes are at the base.
On the westernmost side of Tibet, the future production of lithium salt products is planned to transport cars from the factory area to Lhasa, approximately 2,000 km from the train, and then to the sales site.
Verification reports that the total volume of halogen on the surface of Lake Teaka Salt is 1,966 million m3, icl. 230.69 million tonnes, with an average grade of 1173.38 mg/i, with a high grade of 97.994 million tonnes, Kci with a grade of 4984.44 mg/i, b2o3 with an average grade of 820.95 mg/i, and with Dragonwood Tsaw.
The sum of lithium resources for two salt lakes is about 3.9 million tonnes of lce, and the last is a project for the construction of Lake Teaka Salt, which was discontinued due to, inter alia, ecological red lines. The end is the first issue of Lake Teaka Salt, which was established in June 2010, was adopted by the CEP in April 2013 and the first phase of the project was built as a whole in 2015.
The construction was completed, but at that time the Tsaka Salt Lake was still within the natural reserve of the Pond State, and the layout of the project was inconsistent with the environmental assessment report. The September 2017 phase of the project was ordered to stop the construction of production. The scope of the Tsang State Protected Natural Reserve was adjusted by the State Council and the Tibet Autonomous Region from 2018 to 2020, and the Tsaka Salt Lake was transferred to nature.
Protected area, April 2021, with the completion of the completion of the final tea card mining certificate and the resumption of the first phase of the project. The first phase of the project, using the method of lithium salt fields, produced less than expected. The first phase of the tea card salt lake project, with a total investment of $371 million, planned to produce 0.74 million tons of lithium carbonate, 0.75 million tons of magnesium alkali carbonate, 0.2 million tons of magnesium carbonate per year.
Tons of bologna, using the salt field-based lithium process, with 11.5 square kilometres of salt field constructed, but subject to climate due to the lithium lifting process, Table 17: Status of the teaca salt lake phase I project, Figure 50: Flowchart of the halogen evaporation salt field process for the first phase of the project
In addition to the first phase of the project, Yuzhmorgeologika planned an expansion of 60,000 tons of lithium salt and 30,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production capacity. In addition to the first phase of the project, Yuzhmorgeologiya Lake planned an expansion of 60,000 tons of lithium salt, with two production options, one for the construction of 30,000 tons of lithium hydroxide and the other for the construction of 30,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate.
Yes, out of which 30,000 tons of lithium hydroxide were planned to be invested for a total of $6,299 million, with a construction cycle of about 1.5 years, which was approved by the Environment Review in July of 23rd year.
The plan is to use resin adsorption + bipolar lithium membrane. The condensed tea-cara salt lake is carbonate-type and cannot use adsorption + na membrane as compared to the Qinghai. The resin adsorption is one of the adsorption methods.
The acid solution flows through lithium adsorbent material and the captured lithium is deconstructed. The company plans to use the resin adsorption + bipolar membrane process to extract lithium.
The project plans to use blue-dry technology to produce sodium sodium adsorbent resins, with high recovery rates, no contamination of the environment, no more than 10% annual replenishments, and to produce acids and alkaline supplements from the interpolar membrane electrolysis device, which is more cost-effective than outsourcing.
Process electricity consumption is high, lithium hydroxide electricity is 2461.3kwh, the company plans to purchase from a third party photovoltaic power station, we expect high electricity costs for lithium salt per ton, and according to the company's plan, the cost of production of lithium hydroxide per ton is around 70,000 tons of lithium carbonate in the Yongwood missalt Lake, and the development programme was evaluated by experts in December 23rd.
In December 2023, the Dragonwood Oscillated Salt Lake Development Programme, through an evaluation process, identified the mining species as lithium and boron, using open-air mining, with an annual yield of 70,000 tons of lithium carbonate, 25,000 tons of boron sand and 26 years of service in the mines, with the lithium withdrawal process being mainly adsorbent, membrane/lipid, mvr evaporation of concentrated halogen, and the removal of impurity ion, joining.
Lithium carbonate is saturated, lithium carbonate is produced, and blubber concentrate is used as a feedstock in the membrane sector and in the exterior of the resin section, which is counter-permeable and mvr concentrated, and the cooling crystal is glucated to beryllium sand products. 3.2 The pressure on the supply of additional production concentration has been highlighted, and the clean-up has not yet started.
As lithium prices fall rapidly, some Australian mines, African mines, and salt lake expansion projects in South America are less advanced than expected in terms of cost pressures, or have taken the initiative to reduce their capacity to use tons of lce to 1.41 million tons of lce, an increase of 35.9 per cent.
Despite the decline in industry supply, the global lithium surplus pattern has been determined to be the South American Salt Lake from 2024 to 2026: with the release of new capacity, Argentina will see the increase. With sqm, Yapo under the tacama Salt Lake, the arcadium under the hombremuerto Salt Lake, the laroz Salt Lake, and the Nave Lith industry,
The 3q Salt Lake under the flag of the C-o Salt Lake and the Purple Gold Minerals Project, which are expected to increase production capacity, continues to climb, with 33.4 per cent/30.1 per cent and 19.9 per cent projected. In the subregion, Chile continues to dominate the supply of Salt Lakes in South America.
Australia ' s mines: Two small mines have been cut off, which does not affect the continued growth of their supply. 2024q1finniss and cattlin have announced a cutback due to cost pressures, but two mines have a relatively small capacity, while 2023q4bald hill is back in production, mtholland is back in production, and greenbuses and pls are under the Tyllison flag.
Pilgangoora Mine Expansion Project, luontown ' s new kathleenvalley project, as planned, will continue to grow and Australia ' s supply will continue to grow. In 2024/2025/2026, we expect to reach Africa ' s mine: lithium supplies to new stars, facing cost pressures.
In Zimbabwe, the source bikita, the Chinese cobalt industry arcadia, the New Lithium Energy Sabi Star, and the Yamativi group, we expect Africa ' s mineral volume to reach 11.1.18.0.2225 million metric tons in 2024/2026, an increase of up to the higher cost of transport of concentrates and a significant cost pressure as lithium prices fall sharply.
Weak demand for and supply of new energy vehicles have become relatively high, demand has slowed down, the policy-affected electricization process in overseas cars has slowed down, and pre-inflow capital spending has begun to release capacity, and the supply and demand patterns in the lithium industry have moved from scarcity to excess, spurred by high lithium prices in 2021-2022.
Based on our collating of global projects, we expect a significant drop in lithium supply of 3.3 lithium in 2024-2026, with salt lake lithium cost advantages highlighted by the rapid decline in lithium prices and a significant decline in lithium carbonate plate performance. As the additional capacity is released, the lithium industry will be supplied.
In 2023, the price of lithium fell rapidly. According to smm data, the price of lithium carbonate at the domestic battery level fell from 51 million yuan/tonne at the beginning of 2023 to 76,000 yuan/tonne at the end of September 2024, with a drop to the point where it was fully productive, and the cost of lithium from salt lakes was significant.
In 2019, it was made, in 2022, and in 2023, the company produced 12,000 tons of lithium carbonate at its full capacity, and sold 10 million tons, which is almost equal to the same amount. 2024h1 yields 0.58 million tons, basically completed production targets. The cost of halogenated raw materials increased. According to our 2024 global lithium industry cost curve, the company ' s carbonate lithium.
Cost is on the left side of the global cost curve, with a significant cost advantage against the backdrop of a sharp decline in lithium prices.
4.1 Treasures on the high plateau, low-grade but resource-intensive, second-largest shareholder in the giant dragon copper industry, whose controlling shareholder is currently in the purple gold mining industry.
13 per cent shares, 9 per cent share in the Tibetan masonry, 9 per cent share in the industrial trade, and Mr. Shaw Yong Ming, the current shareholder of the company, was the early owner; in 2012, Tibetan potassium fertilizer transferred the shares in the giant bronze industry to the company ' s current major shareholder, the Tibetan conglomerates, which transferred 37 per cent of the Great Dragon Copper sector to listed companies at a price of 2,590 million dollars in 2012 to resolve financial problems.
To date, the company holds a 30.78% share in the dragon copper industry, and is the second largest shareholder in the dragon copper industry. The dragon copper industry has three major copper mines, and the dragon copper mine has been merged with the Yonggitstola.
The giant bronze industry has three mines for the removal of dragon copper ore, the Ryogi ore, and the knowledge of the copper ore. 1) The dragon copper ore: in July 2002 - 2006 the prospecting rights were assigned to the Tibetan Geological Brigade II, in 2007 the dragon copper industry acquired the right to prospecting from the Tibetan Geological Team II, and in 2016 the transfer was completed; 2) the bronze ore is known to the bronze ore: in 2011 the giant bronze industry recovered.
Acquisition of 100 per cent of the share of the Tibetan Sanhai mining industry and acquisition of mining rights in the knowledge of the copper mine; 3) Emeritus Tsola copper mine: 2007 Treasure Dragon copper industry acquired prospecting rights from the 6th Geological Team of Tibet, and in 2016, the Treasure Dragon copper industry won a detailed search for prospecting rights in the Broken Copper mine, which will be removed from the dragon mine and the Yonggi by 2020 when the purple gold is acquired from the dragons.
The wealth of copper on the highlands is rich but low in grade. The wealth of copper in the three main mines under the giant bronze industry is most abundant, but generally low in grade. When the violet mine acquired the dragon copper industry in 2020, the dragon copper mine was filed.
While the amount of copper resources is 7.19 million tons, with an average grade of 0.383 per cent, and the amount of molybdenum-bearing resources is 356,000 tons, with an average grade of 0.46 per cent and 1.50 per cent respectively, there is a significant amount of low-grade copper molybdenum resources in the mines, which, according to assessments made at the time of the purchase of purple gold, are expected to reach 20 million tons in the future.
The increase in reserves has been sustained, with a significant increase in the amount of copper in the Great Dragons area to 2,588,000 tons. Following the production of the Purple Gold Holding Dragons, the increase in mineral prospecting has been sustained, and according to the most recent storage report issued in June 2024, the volume of copper in the Great Dragons has increased to 258.8 million tons of copper, with an average grade of 0.29% compared to 2022.
The volume of recorded resources increased by 1,426 million tons of copper, the largest copper mine currently recorded in the country, accompanied by an increase in molten resources to 1,672 million tons, with an average grade of 0.019 per cent, silver resources to 15,000 tons, an average grade of 4.2 purple gold to take over, and an excellent mountain management capacity to take over.
The mines are located in the Tibetan district of Takepaka, where water, electricity, and transport infrastructure are complete but high above sea level. Kilometres of dragon copper industry, access to traffic, mine site on the southern shore of the Lhasa River, a tributary in the Yaru Tibetan River, water resources rich, 110kv, Figure 67: Geographical location of the dragon copper mining area
High-altitude, low-grade development, and the difficulty of developing it. The low grade of high-altitude stacking, which makes mining difficult, and the investment huge. According to the 2015 plan to remove 100,000 tons of copper from the mine, the total investment in the project is expected to be 15.1 billion, and by the end of 2019, the removal of the dragon copper mine (Hungrywood) had been invested.
In the second half of 2019, the copper mining project began to stop, the original operator had to take over the purple gold, and the production of copper was on schedule at the end of the year 2021. In July 2020, the production of copper rose rapidly.
(a) Exploiting dragon copper: open-air mining, one phase of expansion from 100,000 to 150,000 tons per day, with a total investment of 14.6 billion yuan (prior to the purchase of violet gold, $7.4 billion), up to 1.65 million tons of copper in the post-natal year and 0.62 million tons per year; (b) knowledge of the copper mine:
Lewce + Underground mining, 600 tonnes/day during the postnatal period, in the first eight years, 235,000 tonnes of copper per year and 3000t/d in the lower zone, with 9-15 years of service; LNKK in October 2020; LNZLO in October 2020, with the scheduled launch of the first phase of the LNX system at the end of 2021, with a rapid increase in copper production in the giant bronze industry.
In 2023, 154,000 tons of copper were produced and 166,000 tons of copper are expected to be produced in 2024. Second phase of the expansion project was approved, with a capacity of 600,000 tons in three post-partum stages. In February 2024, the second phase of the expansion of 200,000 tons per day was approved, with a total investment of $17,460 million, mainly in existing mining.
4.3 Prospective copper production capacity of 185,000 tons and significant plate elasticity The cost of single ton production in the removal of dragon copper mine is approximately 20.5 million yuan/ton copper at a full cost of 21,300 yuan/ton copper.
Modality/tonne. Assuming a range of 0.385% for copper, a recovery rate of 85% for copper, measured production costs of 20.5 million yuan/tonne for single-ton copper mining, and 828 yuan/tonne for single-ton copper, with a total cost of only 213,000 yuan/tonne copper.
The total unit costs for the detection and underground selection of copper mines are 184,000 yuan, 323,000 yuan, or tons of copper, respectively. According to the 2019 research report, the total costs for the open and underground selection of copper mines are 272.57 yuan, 329.64 yuan, and the full cost after consideration of the three fees is 287.23 tons, respectively.
345.35 ton; assuming 1.89 per cent and 1.32 per cent of open and underground intakes, 8 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively, and a recovery rate of 90 per cent, the units measured for open and underground selections were 17.4 million ton and 30.8 million ton, respectively, plus a total unit cost of 18.4 million ton, plus three ton.
The copper molybdenum price center is up + excellent control capacity, and the giant dragons have made a profit. Due to the mine stress, the copper molten price center has been up overall since 2022.
Net profits are growing rapidly. In terms of selling prices, the average price of dragons has been higher than the market price of untaxed copper since 2023, and we expect the real cost to be higher than the researchable cost of mines designed in 2019, mainly because of the combing of molten, gold, silver products; the full cost of 2024h1 tons is about $38,000, and the net cost of single tons due to the rise in copper prices.
The profits are raised to about $34,000, and are very profitable for high-altitude, low-grade mines. Figure 71: The copper price center concussions up (in yuan/tons) with purple gold on their backs, and phase two or three expansion projects open up the space for growth. As the second largest shareholder in the dragon copper industry, with one.
With the release of project capacity and the rapid growth of investment returns from dragon contributions, in 2023 and 2024h1 tons of copper, it is assumed that after three periods of post-partum company investment gains will increase to $6.28 billion, assuming a net gain of $34,000 in the 2024h1 dragon copper industry, and significant elasticity in the copper plate.
4.4 The Juno copper mine plans for 99,000 tons of copper capacity, with the possibility of asset injection
With ownership of the future development of the Juno copper mine, the company ' s controlling shareholder, Gengjio, still retains 18% of the right to the Juno copper mine, which is located in the Tibetan area of Japan, with a relatively complete infrastructure. The Juno copper mine is located in the north-east of the city of Anjin, in the Tibetan region of Japan, and is connected by an improvised road, with a total mileage of about 170 kilometres.
The railways between the city of Shikka and the city of Lazar are operational. The Lajing highway is under construction. It is easier to transport, has a rich water system and is full of food and water for the production of mines, and the districts of Lazi and Anjin, which are closer to the mine, are located between Ali and the Tibetan electricity grid.
In April 2024, mining was completed with an area of 5.52 square kilometres, using open-air mining.
In this way, the depth of mining is 5866-4720 metres high and the annual size of mining is 18 million tons. In terms of resources, the Juno copper mine is a large tile-type copper mine, with a current copper resource of 2.94 million tons, with an average grade of 0.48 per cent, while the mineral body is buried shallowly, not completely closed, with large copper polymetallic anomalies and high storage potential in the outer week.
Planning for 99,000 tons of copper mineral energy, with the possibility of asset injection. Juno copper mining is complete, purple gold is fully advanced, mines are planned for 99,000 tons of copper mineral energy, and we expect to be operational by the end of 2025, thanks to the excellent high-altitude mining experience of purple gold. The shareholders in the company hold 18% of Juno mineral equity and exist.
The possibility of an asset being injected into a listed company will further enhance the company ' s copper mine equity capability.5 Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 5.1 are split between profit forecasting and business
The company’s main business consists of potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate, while participating in the dragon copper industry has earned investment returns. (1) Potassium: The company, Itozar Khan Salt Lake, has been selling potassium fertilizer at around 1 million tons in recent years, the Lao potassium fertilizer business was unable to contribute to the increase until 2026, and the cost of the international dragon factory has increased significantly, and the price of potassium fertilizer is available.
The high cost supports the high dependence on imports for domestic potassium fertilizer, the limited scope for further declines in domestic potassium fertilizer prices, the tons of productive capacity, the expected increase in post-partum delivery, the sharp drop in lithium prices, and the company lithium projects, all of which are salt lakes, have a significant cost advantage, assuming that the average cost of lithium carbonate in 2024-2026 is 9.0, 7.5, 80.000 yen per ton.
The company's three main industries are potassium lithium copper, and we've selected salt lakes shares similar to the company's business, eternal materials, and Chinese mineral resources as comparable companies, calculated at a collection price on 11 October. The average of 2024-2026 comparable companies was 20/18/13 times higher than the company's valuation, and the centre of lithium prices has now been substantially moved down, with the company's salt lakes lifting lithium.
The project has a cost advantage, the company's participation in the Bronze 2nd and 3rd phase of the Bronze Production Project is more productive, public interest production in the postnatal sector has increased significantly, the company's copper block is highly profitable, and we believe that the company's current valuation level is low, the company's potassium lithium has been driven by three wheels of copper, the three major business growth is significant, the price of potassium fertilizer has limited scope for decline, carbon is limited.
Acid lithium operations have significant cost advantages, with the Dragon II-3 expansion project opening up room for growth, and we expect the company 2024-1 lithium prices to fall faster than expected. The lithium industry has reversed supply and demand patterns, and the expansion project has gradually released production capacity if the industry’s supply increases faster than expected and the demand for new downstream energy vehicles slows down significantly, leading to the expected decline in lithium prices.
As a result, the company’s lithium salt business performance was not released as expected. (2) The project is not as advanced as expected.
2) Downstream demand is not as high as expected. Three of the company’s main industries include potassium lithium copper, which, if less than expected, would lead to lower prices for products, would result in less than expected company performance. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.