In the aftermath of the epidemic, repairs will be carried out at a very high price, with a steady increase in cost, a high quality of core assets and a leading profit-making capability.
Market value (RMK): $4.76 Gold access to the Beijing-Shanghai transport hub, along which cities are economically well developed and densely populated, and where passenger transport is much more intense than the national average.
Passenger transport revenues, of which 64.4 per cent were received by road network services in 2021, high-speed passenger flows will increase steadily and the pattern of competition will stabilize. In the short term, the policy of control of the epidemic will quickly pick up passenger traffic. In the medium and long term, economic growth along the route will continue to support the high-speed iron.
The increase in passenger traffic and the expected increase in the cross-line revenues of railway asset companies as new lines become operational. The advantage of high iron in the medium- and long-distance passenger transport market of 100 to 1,000 km is evident, with the number of iron passengers in 2020 accounting for 71% of railway passenger traffic.
After the epidemic, the cost is stable and cost-effective. (1) The population’s willingness to travel after the epidemic has increased, short-term passenger traffic has been restored, and the single-day passenger flow of the spring railway has returned to its peak.
98 per cent in 2019; medium- and long-term Kyogi High Iron can also support further price increases by reducing tracking intervals, changing the car's finals, and increasing the price of second-class tickets by 19.7 per cent, or 6 per cent, above the 2019 fixed fare.
Many of the costs are fixed costs, with income growing with a greater profitability. (4) Subsistence Kyo Fou An's line position is strong, with a well-developed network, the scale effect is released, and profits are expected to continue to improve, with net profits projected at -2.1 billion yuan for 2022-2024, $790 million for 790 million for 2022-2024.
Billion dollars. As the epidemic is relaxed, passenger traffic will resume to increase, and medium- and long-term companies are expected to repair passenger traffic below expectations, price policy change risks, security risks, high cost volatility risks, shareholder risk reduction.
I. Kyogi High Steel: China’s high-quality asset 1.1 China’s high-iron first share connects to the gold channel at the Kyong-jun hub, the core high-iron main line at the domestic level, and the gold channel at the Kyong-hyun-hu main.
One of the routes of the line is the gold link linking the two major economic zones of Kyouta and Long Triangle to the busiest high-iron main line in the country. This line runs 1318 km across Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shandong, Anhui, Jiangsu, Shanghai, and 24 major stations such as Beijing South Station, Nanking South Station, Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Station, etc.
In January of the same year, the company was officially listed at the drop-off office and acquired 65% of JFK's shares in the same year.
The company’s equity structure is stable, with the top ten shareholders following their listing in 2020 using a commissioned transport management model, with “head fees” coexisting with the “road-over” business.
Under the commissioning model, the Beijing Bureau Group, the Jinan Bureau Group, and the Shanghai Bureau Group are entrusted with the transport management of the Jinjong High Iron and with the management of the China-Electrification Agency Group for the operation and maintenance of the towed power supply and power facilities. Under this model, companies do not own transport equipment, much like transport infrastructure companies.
From the balance sheet, the company is a typical heavy asset company. By the end of 3q2022, its fixed assets amounted to $227,761 million and its fixed assets amounted to 77.5 per cent of total assets.
The company’s core assets are high-iron lines, and 1h 2022 high-iron lines account for the final fixed-assets bill.
The Grand Deep Railroad, the Golden Tower, the Ning Dynasty Highway.
Core assets are of high quality, with significant regional advantages. Kyoto-Tai is connected to the two main economic zones of Kyojin, the Long Triangle, along which cities are economically developed and densely populated, providing an engine of growth for high-iron demand. The major cities along the high-iron line in 2021 were mostly more than 1 trillion gdp, and the 4 gdp through the high-iron route ranked among the top 10 cities in the country: those along which there are over-residents.
There are 20 million cities in Beijing, Shanghai, and cities with a permanent population of more than 10 million in Beijing, Tianjin, Suzhou, and Shanghai. Cities with a well-developed economy and a densely populated range can provide passenger flow guarantees, and the Kyogi railway region has a significant advantage.
In 2019, 215 million people/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/h/km/h/km/h/km/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/h/
In business, the occupancy rate of 209q1-q3 was slightly lower than in 2018, with 77.5% on the company's whole line and 1.2 on the home line, which had a reduced impact on the impact of the epidemic. Profitability was better than comparable companies, with the company collecting 7.9% cagr and the parent net profit cagr 14.7% and the company collected 32.9 billion yuan in 2019.
In contrast to the industry, the company has a higher income than the railway passenger company, which has a large and deep railway, which is lower than the railway cargo company, the Qin railway. As the company operates the railway passenger business, and the disease is more severe in Kyoto, 2020.
In 2021 and the first three quarters of 2022, corporate revenue fell by 23.4%, 11.0%, and 53.8%, respectively, compared to 2019, and one of the railway companies is expected to recover. Companies have good assets and are more profitable than comparable companies.
In 2019, the net interest rate for companies was 36.2% higher than for the Qin Railway, and 19.1 pct higher than the 32.7 pct for the Grand Deep Railway. The impact of the epidemic and the increase in depreciation brought about by the Jingfuan emblem led to a decline in the public and net interest rates since 2020, with the Māori rate for the 2022q1-q3 company being 18.0% and the net interest rate for the parent being 1.0%.
The high Māori ratio has benefited from locational advantages and the existence of a cross-line business model. Figure 16: The Māori ratio in 2016-2021 was higher than that of comparable companies, with long-term short-term borrowings, while the interest on borrowing by subsidiary JFK Bank was incorporated into the company, and the financial cost rate of the company increased significantly.
Up to 11.7 per cent, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period, in addition to the increase in the cost of amortization of company land use rights after the acquisition, and the cost of management rates
High iron passenger traffic has continued to increase at a faster rate than railway passenger traffic. The epidemic affected 34 to 1.56 billion people across the country in 2020, as compared to the same time. The pre-epidemiological high iron passenger traffic has continued to grow at a high rate of 30 per cent in 2011-2019, which is 3.4 times higher than the country ' s railway passenger traffic.
Figure 20: Railway passenger traffic in the period 2011 - 2011 was 8.8% prior to the outbreak, driving a steady increase in demand. Economic development along these lines supports growth in demand for business trips.
The market for pre-epidemiological commercial travel has grown steadily, from 18.1% in 2016-2019 to 18.1% in 2016-2019, and the demand for short-term commercial travel has recovered as the epidemic is liberalized.
In 2021, we launched 2,168 km of high iron lines, accounting for 52% of the new railway lines. In 2020, we had 379,000 km of high iron lines, accounting for 26% of the railways, and the proportion of high iron miles continued to rise. In 2023, the National Railway was expected to open more than 3,000 km of new lines, including high iron lines.
2500 km. With the continued increase in the mileage of the high iron core line in the future, the advantages of the long-distance railway 2.2 are evident for the railway asset company and the limited split of the two-way stream is clear (1) for the long-distance-high-trip.
Competing with complementarities, there is a strong iron advantage. Within 100 km of the short-distance passenger transport market, road transport equipment has the advantage of being semi-density, short waiting time, self-driving, etc., with a greater competitive advantage; in 100 km to 1,000 km of the medium- and long-distance passenger transport market, high irons are spot-rate, high passenger loads, economic comfort, weathered by natural climates.
In the long-distance passenger market of 1,000 to 1,500 kilometres, high iron and civilian navigation compete with their respective advantages: in the long-distance passenger market of more than 1,500 kilometres, civil aviation has the advantage of speed, which allows for rapid growth in the initial and subsequent growth in the volume of high-iron traffic.
While the initial movement of passengers is mainly due to a shift from short-distance civil air routes, plain iron, and road passenger flows, the increase in later passenger traffic is mainly due to an in-house increase in passenger travel demand. High iron is a diversion for mid- and short-distance routes, with a particular impact on the average distance of 655 km.
At the same distance, most of the passenger groups are complementary to the two flights. The advantage of the flights is that they run for a minimum of one hour and 55 minutes, and are 2 hours and 23 minutes faster than the trains, which are more time-sensitive for passengers.
The highest fare is only $662 (South Beijing-Shanghai Rainbow Bridge), about one-two percent of the average fare on the Jingjong route, which is more price-sensitive for passengers.
The two-line separation is limited. The two-way line is part of the “eight-to-eight-way” planning for the heavy-season route, which coincides with the first tail of the high-speed railway line, which consists of the inter-Kingjin railway, the Tianjin high-speed railway, which is about 1,200 kilometres long.
In accordance with the notification issued by the City of Sunshine on the publication of the Urban Planning and Management Plan 2023, the expected completion date of the high-speed 2-line railway project is June 2028.
We believe that the role of the two lines is limited for the two-line branch: (1) for the Beijing-Shanghai passenger, the two-line operation is about five hours long, while the two-line operation takes eight hours. In the event of a small difference in fares, the two-line operation will be the preferred option for the passengers;
(2) Most of the passengers on the 2nd line are destined for cities along the intermediate route, different from or taking the lead in the diversion of the railway stream, with limited diversions to the railway. (3) Opinions on Further Railway Planning, published by the National Development Commission, for the construction of the new parallel high iron.
Lines are restricted, requiring new parallel high-iron lines to meet the 80 per cent or more of their original capacity, so that there will be no significant diversion of the company.
Beijing-Tianjin Inter-Kingjin Railway designed 350 km/hour
3. Post-disease repairs or surges in prices, cost stabilization and profitability, 3.1 short- and long-term passenger traffic to be repaired, and medium- and long-term passenger traffic to increase space. The outbreak affected the company ' s passenger flow.
In the first half of the year, the capture of areas such as Shanghai along the Kyawang railway led to a significant drop in passenger flows, a 66.7 per cent decline in the number of passengers on the same line, and a rapid recovery in passenger traffic in 2022, as a result of the outbreak’s recurrence. In December 2022, the Commission issued the General Programme on the Implementation of Class B for New Cyclops.
With the liberalization of the policy, railway passenger traffic has recovered rapidly, with the cumulative passenger traffic to date (35 days before the spring) returning to 83 per cent in 2019 and 98 per cent in 2019 at high points.
Chart 36: The trend of recovery of single-day passenger dispatches has risen to 98%, with fewer tracking intervals, and the number of traffic is expected to increase. The ability of the train to transport is limited by the logarithm of the train, i.e. the maximum number of trains that the train can pass within a day. According to the formula, "Ring logarithm = operational time/trailer tracking interval " , the capacity of the train is limited by the logarithm of the train.
To increase the number of passengers in the medium to long term by increasing operating hours or by reducing tracking intervals. Compared to the new trunk line in Tokyo and East China Road in Japan, the tracking interval is 5min, while the tracking interval in the new trunk line can be reduced to less than 3min.