The industry line is multi-dimensional, and chip technology innovation is out of the lead.
The main business of Baoyc@cfsc.com.cn is the development, design and sale of artificial intelligence core chips in various cloud servers, peripheral computing equipment, terminal equipment, and the provision of rich chips to clients.
At present, the company’s main product lines include cloud-end product lines, edge product lines, and ip-based smart computing cluster system operations that combine the company’s self-researched acceleration card or training of whole machine products with the service provider of the partner.
The Division’s cluster management software cluster of data centres provides an integrated solution to the deployment of technology for artificial intelligence applications and relatively weak clients. The cloud-side product lines now include cloud-end smart chips, acceleration cards, and training of whole machines.
Core devices for artificial intelligence processing, such as servers, data centres, etc. The margin calculation in the company’s edge product lines is a new computational paradigm that has emerged in recent years, with a moderate computing capability on the equipment between the end and the cloud end.
On July 18, 2024, the chairman of the company, Chen Tianse, offered to use the company’s own funds to repurchase the company’s shares for employee holding schemes or equity incentives, and to buy back tens of thousands of yuan, not more than 40 million yuan. This will motivate management and employees, and one more.
Since its inception in March 2016, the company has rapidly industrialized its technology and has introduced a product system that covers cloud and edge smart chips and their accelerator cards and terminals.
Capable of processor ip, which meets the needs of cloud, edge, and end-scale AI computing. The company has launched the cold martial arts series 1a for terminal scenes, the cold martial arts series 1h, the cold martial arts series 1m intelligence processors; clouds based on the 100th, 270th, the thought pieces 290 and 370th.
Smart Accelerator Series: Edge Smart Accelerometer based on the 220 chip. In this case, cold martial arts smart processor ip products have been integrated into more than 100 million smartphones and other smart end-of-life devices, and Sinetroll Series products have been applied to a number of server manufacturers, such as waves, associations, etc.
The company’s core product processor and chip have been the world’s first commercial terminal, the smart processor ip product, and the first 100 (mlu100) chip.
Smart chips. The TNT290 (mlu290) is the first cloud of cold martial arts training smart chips, using the 7nm process, with theoretical peaks of up to 1024 tops and 512 tops, respectively, at 4 and 8 points. The TNT370 (mlu370) is the first of cold martial arts.
The artificial intelligence chip of the chipplet technology is twice the weight of the second-generation cloud reasoning product of the Cold War. The company smart computing cluster system has been growing steadily, and in August 2023, the company moved with China.
A consortium of Zhejiang Ltd., Taizhou Branch, Zhejiang Province Public Information Industries Ltd., participated in the tender for the “Digital Infrastructure Upgrading Project for the Southeast Asian Digital Economy Park” (phase one) for $753.0818 million under contract for the company as a consortium.
On the front, the company was responsible for the supply, installation and follow-up of the intellectual hardware component, amounting to $528.923 million, and the contract was completed. In the area of the large visual model, the company worked with the Image to achieve future computing products and visualization.
In the area of language models, the company ' s products have been adapted to top customers, such as Begawa ' s intelligence, and have been certified for product compatibility, and the product ' s performance has reached the international mainstream.
Level. In the area of finance, companies have tested large language models with a number of large banks and are pushing for financial applications to land. Transport banks have now chosen the gpu server embedded in the company's smart acceleration card as the specified option.
▪ Market size is growing rapidly, and the report of Gartner, a new capital of domestic productivity, is projected to reach a global market size of $53 billion in 2023, and is expected to grow to $67.1 billion in 2024. By 2027, the city will be in a state of emergency.
2023-2024 China Report on the Assessment of the Development of Artificial Intelligent Computers, 2022. China ' s smart computing capacity reached 259.9 billion floats (eflops) per second, and will reach 33.9 per cent in 2023. The growth of the global marginal AI infrastructure processors and accelerators will be expected to occur.
In 2022, $1.1 billion increased to $9.4 billion in 2027, with an annual compound growth rate of 2023, and the Action Plan for Quality Development of Arithmetic Infrastructure, issued jointly by six departments, including the Ministry of Information and Communications, states that “by 2025, the computing power is greater than the computing power”
300eflops, 35% smart numeracy ratio.” In July 2024, the Circular on the Implementation of a Special Guarantee Scheme for Science, Technology and Innovation proposed increased risk sharing and compensation for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) such as science, technology and innovation.