Ongoing research and development to lay the foundation for development, ecological improvement and accelerated growth
Sustained R & D investment provides an important basis for long-term development. Companies have not yet made a profit and have accumulated \triangleright to cover their losses.
In the first half of 2024, the company developed, but in the medium and long term, the company's chip product has developed a cooperative approach with leading companies in various sectors of industry.
To date, the branding effect of the company, based on the past generation of hard-testing indicators and good service labels, has increasingly highlighted the Division's growth in the Internet-based business, which has advanced in depth the development of autonomous products, industry solutions and service practices centred on the Internet-based business.
The basic system software platform continues to be well developed, and the growing ecological strength will also support long-term corporate development. 1) Training software platform: The corporate training software store has been able to fully support mainstream model-based training needs.
The support of the components has been improved to shorten the adaptation cycle of the new industry model to the company ' s products. On the ecological side, the company training software platform has been updated with support from pytorch2.1/2.2, supporting several training and promotion business scenes and achieving long-term mechanisms for quick follow-up of community versions.
The training software platform has increased its support for mainstream networks such as the llama3 series, the qwen series, and has focused on optimizing parallel training functions. 2) The reasoning software platform: In terms of aigc business fit-out, the company's reasoning software platform follows industry needs and developments closely and supports and optimizes the llama series, the qwen series, etc.
Reveen textual models, as well as several mainstream multi-model models, such as stablediffusion3, have achieved coverage of the mainstream aigc business scenes, such as literature, Kwok Xinwoo, video and multi-models.
The development of a pytorch third-party accelerator bank has resulted in a special acceleration of key calculations for large models, bringing the Department’s reasoning platform computing efficiency to industry leadership levels. Investment advice: companies are the backbone of a national chip, actively developing a new generation of smart processor microstructures and
1. Qin Wuqi-u (688256.sh) first-time coverage report: pre-command set, continuous optimization and iterative reasoning and training of software platforms, promotion of smart chips and acceleration cards in a number of key industries such as networking, operators, finance, energy, etc.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.