Civil aviation as a whole recovered and suffered significant losses throughout the year. South Air Disclosure, 2023. South Air, 2023, $159.93 billion in corporate revenue, 2023.
The same-year increase of 83.7 per cent, resulting in a significant decrease in the net return to the mother-to-child profit of $4.21 billion, and a significant decrease in the fourth-billion dollar, the same-year decline.
In 2023, the civil aviation industry gradually recovered from the valley of the epidemic, the domestic market began its second quarter of the year, international routes were re-established steadily and resumed at the end of the year to about 70 per cent of the number of flights during the same period in 2019, leading to a significant increase in the number of major airlines.
In 2023, the company ' s passenger capacity increased significantly in the same year, ask at $316.2 billion, compared with prices for international routes, which, despite falling prices, remained significantly higher than in the same period in 2019, when domestic demand recovered and prices rose.
The revenue from the distance is 0.549 yuan, a decrease of 6.3 per cent over the same period, with domestic, international and regional routes, the price hub in 2023 being significantly higher than in 2019, despite the marked fall in international shipping prices, and China's Southern Air Group being limited.
The company's operating costs in 2023 reached $147.58 billion, but the company's operating capacity increased significantly, with the cost of aviation oil increasing by $52.05 billion a year.
59.3% and the cost per unit of ask amounted to $0.1646, a 22.5% decrease in the same year. Non-oil cost side, full recovery of the domestic market in 2023, sustained growth in international long-routine shipments, significant efficiency gains for the company fleet, 95.53 billion yuan in 2023.
4q confirms the loss of investment in Kawakawa, with performance falling close to the forecast median. In 2023, the company resumed normality, significant recovery of revenue, a synchronized recovery of sales costs, management, basic stability of R & D costs, and reduced financial costs due to reduced exchange losses.
As a result of a significant increase in income, there has been a marked decline in the cost rates, with sales, management, R & D, financial costs of 4.14 per cent, 2.19 per cent, 0.32 per cent, 4.00 per cent, respectively, for the year as a whole, and a one-time investment loss of $2.34 billion due to the four-quarter replenishment of Sichuan Aviation,
The result is a total investment return of $1.69 billion a year, a decrease of $2.24 billion a year. Losses on routes subsidies and other temporary creditable differences have declined, but income tax accruals have increased even more, with the public tax charge of $1.44 billion a year, plus deductions for minority shareholder interests of $1.13 billion a year.
In 2024, our civil aviation sector is expected to recover further, with the company's annual report stating that our international passenger passenger market will recover faster, with a projected weekly rate of about 6,000 shifts by the end of 2024, restoring supply and demand patterns. In addition, as the largest airline in the country, the company's fleet has been introduced.
In the light of the current number of hand-held aircraft orders issued by the Department of Air Affairs and the capacity of Boeing and Airfarers to pay, we believe that the pressure on industry supply digestion is gradually decreasing over the next three years. As domestic routes return to normality and market patterns improve, the industry is expected to continue to improve.
Macroeconomic downturn, sharp fluctuations in the exchange rate of oil prices, security incidents.
Southern Air disclosed annual reports for 2023, annual corporate revenues of $159.93 billion in 2023, representing an increase of 83.7 per cent in the same year, resulting in a significant decrease in the return to the mother ' s net profit of $4.21 billion, and operating income of $40.444 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of 139.3 per cent in the same year, resulting in a significant decrease in the return to the mother ' s net profit of $5.53 billion.
Figure 1: Southern aviation revenues and the same rate of growth2 recovered as the main year-round, with a sharp increase in revenue. In 2023, our civil aviation sector recovered from the valley of the epidemic, with the domestic market largely back on track in the second quarter of the year and international routes.
Steady repairs, which resumed at the end of the year to about 70% of the number of flights during the same period in 2019, led to a significant increase in the revenue of major airlines. In terms of freight prices, international supply has been phased out and prices, although falling, are still significantly higher than during the same period in 2019, and prices for international shipping have dropped significantly, while the price hub in 2023 remained significantly higher than in 2019, with corporate mail operations earning $15.28 billion.
Figure 3: South Air ask and same-year acceleration Chart 4: South Air arpk and same-year growth Chart 5: South Air passenger rate and change in the same-year ratio
3 Operational warming, fleet efficiency improvements, boosting non-oil costs, full recovery of the domestic market in 2023, sustained growth in international long-range shipping and a 36.5 per cent decline in the efficiency of the corporate fleet.
Figure 7: Southern aviation costs and the same rate of increase
In 2023, the company returned to normal business, its revenue was significantly restored, its sales costs were synchronized and its management and R & D costs were largely stable, while its financial costs were reduced by a reduction in exchange losses. As a result of a significant increase in revenue, the cost rates fell markedly, with sales, management, R & D, financial costs falling by 4.14 per cent, 2.19 per cent, 0.32 per cent, 4.00 per cent, respectively, throughout the year.
The four-quarter replenishment of Sichuan Airlines resulted in a one-time investment loss of $2.34 billion, resulting in an investment return of $1.690 billion for the year as a whole, a decrease of $2.24 billion for the year. The decrease in airline subsidies and airline subsidies resulted in $3.78 billion in other lines of revenue for the company, and $870 million in 2023 in fair value change gains and losses for the company as a result of swaps.
One hundred and sixty million yuan dollars: reduced creditable losses and other temporary creditable differences due to the non-recognition of deferred tax assets, but higher income tax accruals, corporate income tax charges of $1.44 billion for the year, offset by a minority shareholder interest of $1,130 million, and significant corporate performance. The civil aviation industry is expected to recover further in 2024, with the company's annual report suggesting that the international passenger transport market for our civil aviation will accelerate recovery.
In addition, as the largest airline in the country, plans have been introduced from the company fleet, and in the light of the current number of aircraft orders in hand and the capacity of Boeing and Airfarers to deliver, we believe that the next three years will be successful.
As domestic routes return to normality, market patterns improve, the industry climate is expected to hold, macroeconomic downturns, civil aviation demand recovers less than expected, oil prices remain high, exchange rates depreciate, and security incidents occur. The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available, and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.