The recovery of the Māori recovery rate and the elasticity of profits are gaining prominence: Southern Airlines issued a performance report for 2023. Companies realized business income throughout 2023 Southern Air (600029)
Total revenue has largely recovered to 2019 levels, while international and regional line revenue has yet to be repaired. At the revenue end, the company’s unit fuel cost has increased more, but the non-oil cost has been properly regulated, as a result of the oil price.
During the same period in 2019 +32.3 per cent, the corresponding unit ask non-oil costs + 11.9 per cent. The Division experienced a significant loss in performance throughout the year due to a combination of factors such as uneven supply and demand, high oil prices and the absorption of the Sichuan aviation campaign.
In 2019, domestic power and turnover exceeded the 2019 level, the international line was restored to about 40%, and there was room for repair of all passengers. In 2023, the company was able to use a kilometre ask, passenger turnover amounted to 91.9% and 86.7%, respectively, of the same period in 2019.
South Air (600029.sh) depth report: Air giants are renovated, profit elasticity is improved, fleet size is in the forefront of the industry, and the utilization rate is still high.
By the end of December 2023, the company ' s fleet had reached 908 aircraft, of which passenger and cargo aircraft were respectively based on the Sinda Securities Company.
In 2024-2026, the company planned a net increase of 40, 18, and 10 aircraft to cover the cost of transportation.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect companies to achieve a net return on their own by 2024-2026 The company’s future profits will continue to improve, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of the company. Risk factors: demand for travel is not as high as expected, international routes are not returning as expected, and oil prices are rising significantly
He's a doctor at the Chinese University of Mines, a registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy Director-General of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, a member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, a member of the expert bank of China’s International Engineering Consulting Corporation, and a member of the Chinese Price Association.
Member of the Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for more than 10 years in research and advisory work in coal, charcoal and energy-related fields.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.