002230.sh. The harvest continues to grow, and the technocrats fly for the first time.
In the reporting period, the largest share of income in the education sector was generated at $1.39 billion, an increase of 52.61 per cent.
We believe that building on strong technological and channel capabilities, companies can continue to lead the way in education that is less concentrated and more than 10 billion people in market space.
The operation generated $560 million, an increase of 112.3 per cent over the same period, and the intelligent courts were built in 31 provinces and 1,500 courts, successfully piloting the first case of intellectually assisted personal industrial intelligence criminal cases in Shanghai. The company is expected to be able to rely on fast-track standardized products and supreme laws, the Supreme Court, the Public Prosecutor's Office.
As a strategic business, medical care does not generate large-scale income, but its “intelligent medical assistant” is highly above the medical examination, and the establishment of the ai paramedical centre has been connected to more than 50 hospitals, highlighting the company’s super-previous layout.
Ariui's open platform developers grew by 102%, amounting to $5.18 million. With voice recognition and matching technology, aiui can still maintain a market share in the face of competition from Internet giants.
The first is that the future will generate more advertising revenue by enabling users to develop applications to build eco-closing rings. As industries expand vertically and platforms support horizontally, companies will maintain a technological and product lead, and incomes will grow rapidly.
During the reporting period, corporate costs increased considerably. Sales cost increased by 71.31 per cent to $1,111 billion over the same period, mainly because companies increased market access.
1.2018 Computer Investment Strategy Report: The Top of the Wave, 18 years after continuing to look at artificial intelligence, billions of dollars of high R & D investment, companies continue to make breakthroughs in speech recognition, image recognition, etc.
2. The Galaxy Securities and Computer Industry weekly reports: ai innovation, high input, barrier-building techniques, paving the way for high growth rates at the future end of income, and growth.
The company is concerned that the cloud blends with new artificial intelligence investment proposals: the company will also maintain high levels of investment in the future, and profits will grow less quickly than revenues in the short term.