Over-expected growth, prospects for the ai+ industry.
1. The net profit of the division’s shareholders, net of non-recurring gains and losses, is $361 million, an increase over the same period in the previous year.
41.32 per cent. Companies have achieved a significant increase in excess expectations in terms of revenue collection, Māori and net non-repatriation profits, mainly as a result of the company ' s continued investment in expanding operations and expanding sales, with the growth of such businesses as education, smart cities, consumers, etc. making a significant contribution.
The purchase of security badges is a result of the non-recurring gains and losses of Information Technology Ltd. And the large cost inputs at new business lines such as Human Intelligence + Tracks have also affected overall profit growth, the number of platform users has grown at a high rate, and the focus on track missions has yielded good results.
The strategic results of the company ' s i platform + track were very encouraging. Of these, the open platform covered more than 60% of the country ' s ai developers ' team, with partners amounting to 518,000 (102% increase in the same year), with a total of 400,000 applications (88% increase in the same year), and the total number of platform users (end of year)
1. Three-quarterly review of the report of the High Court of Science (002230) in 2017: end-of-life equipment amounted to 1.76 billion (a 93 per cent increase over the same period); the rate of increase in education, justice, medical care, revenue collection and Maori continued to rise, and the i platform plus track results continued to rise.
The total net profits realized by companies in key industries such as smart cities increased by over 60 per cent over the same period from 2017 to 10-20, resulting in a real, perceived use of artificial intelligence by a wide range of users.
Rapid growth of harvests and Maori, the “ai+industry” strategy results in 2017-08-10.3, maintaining core technological leadership and upgrading industry leaders
The company continued to be a leader in technology in 2017, with a steady growth in business income, and multi-area applications worth a while.
Seven international leaders have been selected in the field, raising their position as industry leaders. Sustained sales. 2017-03-22 and the lead in R & D plus technology have enabled companies to achieve this in the window of the artificial intelligence industry.
4. The performance report for 2016 was fast-tracked and solidly assessed for the long-term profitability and sustainable development of companies: a strong investment in the field of education, i.e., voice dragons.
Head Accelerating the Landing of Applications 2017-03-02 The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery (002230): Over-expected growth in revenue and prospects for the ai+ industry
Keep an eye on the high growth that the company brings with its core technological leadership and strong input; keep an eye on the sustainable development of its platform + track. Technology research and development is not expected to be as high as expected; business development is not as high as expected.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Science and Technology (002230): Over-expected growth in revenue, ai+prospectable industry, research assistant profile
Xia Qingjin, financial technology, sub-units, etc.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.