Core one technology continues to take the lead, major track, major flight, major flight.
Non-recurrent gains and losses affect net profits attributable to the parent, and overall financial data improves. The company achieved net profits off the parent in 2017, which increased by 40.72% over the same period the previous year, and the decline in net profits due to the non-recurrent gains and losses on the firm ' s acquisitions in 2016.
The maintenance of large sales and R & D inputs has affected the performance of net profits to some extent, but the overall cost-rate level has stabilized and will decrease at a later stage as the volume of receipts increases further. Second, the turnover of corporate receivables has declined by about 15 per cent over the previous year, and net operating cash flows have increased by 21.19 per cent over the previous year, suggesting that companies are also effectively addressing market concerns in the course of their development.
In 2017, the company continued to invest heavily in research and development, taking out seven international firsts in key technologies in artificial intelligence. In addition to the first-ever speech recognition in previous years, machine translation, two global firsts and a new world record in the field of medical and intelligent driving, such as recognition, further enhanced the company’s global reach in the area of artificial intelligence.
On December 13, our Ministry of Science and Technology officially backstopped Etoko's national priority laboratory, which is a state-of-the-art stage of artificial intelligence.
The first key country-level laboratory in the field of intelligence, once again, has proven the leading role of companies in artificial intelligence technology in the country, with a strong expansion of marketing channels, each of which is well developed. The company has continued to expand its marketing channels, creating marketing channels that cover the entire country.
The company’s operations in major venues such as education, justice, medical care, automobiles, smart cities, etc. are in a period of rapid development, with a significant increase in income compared to the previous year. Of these, the company’s intellectual education products in the field of education cover more than 15,000 countries.
Schools, with more than 15 million deep users; the construction of intelligent courts in the field of justice, covering 31 provinces and 1,500 courts. Smart voice courts have had practical effect, resulting in an average reduction of 30 per cent in the length of court hearings, an increase of 25 per cent in the efficiency of collegiate proceedings and a significant improvement in the effectiveness of judges; smart hospital products in the medical domain have been found in 84 hospitals, including Beijing Concord, 301 hospitals, Shanghai Riggin, Shanghai 9 houses, etc.
Hospitals such as 301, Reginan and Guangzhou Military Region General Hospitals, with an average of 1,100 visits per day per robot; 2.6 million vehicles per year loaded in front of smart driving, with a cumulative load of 10 million vehicles, with the highest rate of ownership in the autonomous branding market; 30 municipalities in 10 provinces covered in the smart city area and dominated as the only smart city company.
The number of users of the platform has grown rapidly, laying a solid customer base for each track operation.
Up to 518,000, an increase of 102% over the same period; the total number of applications amounted to 400,000, an increase of 88% over the previous five years; the number of users (end-of-end equipment) amounted to 1.76 billion, an increase of 93% over the previous year, and the number of services provided amounted to 4 billion per day, a high rate of growth compared to the previous indicators.
We appreciate the company’s global leadership in the core technologies of artificial intelligence; the progress of the company’s track operations into the harvest period; the continued growth of the platform’s users; and the improvement in performance as a result of the multiplicity of track operations. Companies are expected to earn their own operating revenues between 2018 and 2020.
The marketing channels have not expanded as expected; the main track industry has not developed as expected.
Research assistant brief on research areas such as Xia Qingjin Eng, financial science and technology, and sub-units.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.