Hu Jia-Jing has increased profit by 40%, and the main track area is growing rapidly.
The company continued to increase its input into the development of the iR & D and the i Open platform ' s eco-system, as well as into the market layout and delivery of service systems of the priority races of education, law, medicine, smart cities, etc., to build the i net profit of 609 million yuan and 889 million yuan a year, 40 per cent and 46 per cent for yoy and 0.44 per share per ps.
Sixty-four per cent of the net return to the mother is 435 million yuan, while yoy is 10.3 per cent less, as expected. Deduction of non-net profits. Rapid growth in key track markets: rapid growth in 2017 in a number of key track markets. Income from education products and services was 1.39 billion yuan, while yoy increased by 52.6 per cent, and the company was formed.
1+n product system, smart examination products, intellectual networks, intelligent classrooms, etc., have been used in a wide range of schools across the country; 557 million yuan has been generated in the political and legal business, with an increase of 113.3 per cent in yoy, intelligence, intelligence and intelligence.
Products such as the Hui Court have been extended to most provinces of the country, intelligence police and intelligence aids in criminal cases, and the case-handling system has begun to be piloted at the grass-roots level; the consumer business earns $1,377 million, yoy increases by 91.1 per cent, the translator sells nearly 200,000 machines, in addition to the roll-out of dingboxes, magic smart wheat.
Smart hardware products such as Queens, Mobys smart earphones. Companies actively deploy smart medicine. Institutional investors account for the share of circulation a. Smart voice, medical images and paramedical treatments are three main areas, building systems of intelligent medical products.
In the area of automobiles, $249 million was generated, yoy was up 113%, company smart voice products were widely recognized in the market, 2.6 million were installed in the market by 2017, and the cumulative load of vehicles was over 10 million. In addition, corporate smart city revenues were raised.
Increased R & D, channels and industry layout, with a slight increase in cost: company R & D, pipeline construction and industry layout of core technology in priority application areas, with a combined cost of R & D of the same BT$ billion in 2017; company investment in related areas will remain in place for the next two years and projected cost rates will continue to be maintained
Continuous construction of ani-industry ecology: the company is the leading global voice intelligence and leader of the ai-industry, the core technology is the leading global player, the user needs to be applied to fast growth, and the source-driven strategy is gradually emerging. By the end of 2017, the number of developers of the open platform had reached 5.18 million, yoy up.
102%; total applications of 400,000, 88% increase in yoy; total open platform connectivity disruptions of 1,760 million and 93% increase in yoy. Companies continue to increase their investment in the development of aai and the development of an ecosystem for an open platform, as well as market layout and handover of key tracks such as education, justice, medical care, smart cities, etc.
Inputs from the service delivery system to build the ani industry ecology to enhance corporate sustainable development and long-term profitability of the company