Revenue growth is faster than expected, and the investment period is expected to end with the expectation that 11.6 per cent of net profits will fall in line with the company’s annual performance forecast given in the three-quarterly report. From an income perspective, revenue will be 2,071 million yuan in the first quarter of the fourth quarter and 61 per cent in the ring ratio.
They believe that the company's platform + track strategy is gradually entering the harvest period, and that the pre-routing of the channel has already yielded initial results. The company's achievement of $2.81 billion, with a Māori ratio of 51.50%, is a steady increase compared to the same period last year.
Business profits, compared to $383 million in the same period last year, increased by 53.87%. In terms of net profits, the decline in net return profits was mainly due to the prospect of the end of the non-origin period of $147 million in 2016 as a result of all acquisitions, and the risk of a performance cut-off: companies remained firm throughout 2017.
The Platform+Trail strategy, and as long-term investments in education come to an end, the Division is expected to reach a fast harvest. The current acceleration of revenue growth and the withholding of net profits of more than 40% are clear signals. From an operational point of view, on the platform, the number of platform partners is high.
By 518,000, the year-on-year increase was 102%, the total number of applications amounted to 400,000, a year-on-year increase of 88%, and the total number of platform users amounted to 1.76 billion, a 93% increase. With regard to the track, the total net profit achieved by the Quest in key sectors such as education, justice, health care, and intelligent cities exceeded the same year-on-year increase.
The company has almost completed the initial application of artificial intelligence, with business income and Māori growing rapidly as the investment period comes to an end.
We expect a steady downward trend in the cost side of the company after a sustained high-speed increase in revenue. It is expected that the company will become head of the company in 2018, and the incentive mechanisms will continue to improve.
In the year of the harvest of the artificial intelligence layout, the news company is expected to pick up the harvest in tandem with the net profit boom, and we judge the potential for a cut-off point in the company’s performance.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, there is an investment advisory committee on securities.