Revenue growth is high, R & D inputs are expected to enter the harvest period, and financial indicators are improving. Companies achieved operating revenues of $5.445 billion in 2017, an increase of 63.97 per cent compared to the corresponding increase of $435 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, compared to the same increase.
In terms of revenue, the fourth quarter saw revenue of 2,058 million yuan, a significant 60.16 per cent increase in the ring, and a 74.52 per cent increase in the same year. The gross rate of 21.61 per cent was a 0.36 pt decrease in the same year, with a significant increase in the level of corporate cost control and operational efficiency.
At that time, in terms of accounts receivable and operating cash flows, the company ' s year-end accounts receivable amounted to $2,552 million, representing 46.88 per cent of sales income, a decrease of 7.26 pct and a significant improvement in the company ' s repayment status.
21.19 per cent. According to the company's main operating data and financial indicators, the company's revenues, net profits and costs and cash flows are currently growing at a high rate, and we believe that the company's “platform + track” strategy is gradually entering the harvest period, with the initial results of pre-routing.
In 2017, the company’s R & D investment was still high, and the period of investment was expected to come to an end--
The company's research and development has been growing, for example, in high-level global competitions in speech synthesis, where profits are expected to materialize -- the world's number one, where speech recognition is the only transliteration that reaches the practical threshold in a complex setting.
The company’s image recognition is world-class in terms of education, justice, and medical imagery. Long, the incentive system continues to improve.
At the same time, the company's technical indicators in the fields of machine translation, cognitive intelligence, machine reading, deciphering the world's record, becoming the first machine to pass a medical practitioner's qualification.
People, which provide a core technological reserve for the development of medical cognitive technologies and operations. In the area of research and development, industry leads the way - and continues to invest in the creation of higher technical barriers and deeper moats for companies.
Science and Technology: Centrally reported performances match expectations, artificial intelligence layouts continue to deepen, input periods are expected to end, and performance turning points are likely to arrive. Companies remained committed to the Platform Plus track strategy throughout 2017 and were teaching over the long term.
In the field of reproductive health, the company is expected to reach a fast harvest. The current acceleration of income growth and the recovery of non-net profits by more than 40% are more than 10,000, an increase of 88%, the total number of platform users amounted to 1.76 billion, an increase of 93%, and the number of daily services amounted to 4 billion. With regard to the track, the total net profit achieved at various tracks in key sectors such as education, justice, medical care, smart cities is more than 60% higher than the same time, and the application of artificial intelligence is fast-paced.
In particular, with the best development in the education sector, corporate smart education products have reached more than 15,000 schools across the country, reaching more than 100 million yuan per year. In terms of split-track revenues, the company platforms and paths have grown significantly, reaching 1,510 million yuan, or 47 per cent, in education; 1,486 million yuan, or 19 per cent, in smart cities; and 557 million yuan, or 112 per cent, in law and order.
The initial application of artificial intelligence results has been largely completed, and with the end of the input period and rapid growth in both business earnings and Maori, we expect that corporate fees will continue to decline. The year 2018 is expected to be a harvest year for corporate artificial intelligence, and a quarterly news company is expected to catch up with a rapid increase in revenue and net profits, and we judge that corporate performance is likely to be at a turning point.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board