Unrecurring gains and losses arising mainly from company acquisitions in 2016; net gains achieved
□ Performance exceeded expectations, four quarters continued to accelerate, and performance improved significantly. On a one-quarter basis, 4q17 battalion and net profit increased by 75.61 per cent and 25.92 per cent, respectively, and the rate of increase was significantly higher than in the previous three quarters, with net profit increasing at a faster rate than in the previous three quarters.
In a small drop, the company's investment in source technology development and track development is expected to continue in the fourth quarter □ the open platform continues to grow at a rapid pace.
The platform continues to have the advantage of data size, and the artificial intelligent biosphere, with science and technology flying at its core, has been formed. At the same time, companies have made a breakthrough in commercialization exploration on open platforms, and advertising precision has risen dramatically.
In the first three quarters, the open platform’s revenue from big data advertising increased by 241 per cent over the same period. □ The track was spread in size, making a significant contribution to the profits of the company in 2017 on various tracks in key sectors such as education, justice, health, smart cities, etc.
The total net profit is more than 60% higher than in the same period in the previous year, creating a perceived artificial intelligence application for a wide range of users.
With the growing number of users of product-based systems and brands, the suboptimal advantages of corporate educational products will continue to be highlighted. Medical operations are well advanced and are now pre-eminent in terms of artificial intelligence technology and medical resources.
The firm is at a critical stage of platform accumulation, track position, and is therefore more profitable than profit.
The market should focus more on the current harvest and the high growth of Māori, and we look forward to the focus, accumulation, and transformation of the news in the ai domain. The company’s long-term performance trap has been formed, and next year’s tracks have accelerated, using as a standard the increase and decline of the securities (or industry index) relative to the depth 300 index over a period of 12 months from the date of this report, as defined below:
The market benchmark index is 300 indexes. I am qualified to practice portfolio investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, have a hard-working professional attitude, have a professional prudential research methodology, and use legal matches.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.