High-speed growth, the platform plus track strategy continues to advance.
The performance of companies has grown rapidly throughout the year, with all major “tracks” achieving performance improvements. It has laid the foundation for a better performance in terms of educational products and services, smart city information engineering, telecommunications value-added product operations, and the ratio of government to total revenue.
These increases show a parallel development in the various tracks. In 2017, the net return profit fell, partly as a result of previous acquisitions, resulting in higher non-recurring gains and losses. After deducting non-recurring gains and losses, the company ' s net return profit in 2017 increased by 40.72% on a year-on-year basis, also achieving rapid growth.
From a technical point of view, the company took seven international firsts in 2017 in the core technology of artificial intelligence, and \triangleright made breakthroughs in a number of technological areas such as speech recognition, speech synthesis, image recognition, machine translation, cognitive intelligence. For example, in the area of speech synthesis, companies have made international breakthroughs.
The highest-level speech-synthetic competition has once again won the championship and has performed well in terms of the naturality of the core indicators, paragraph effects, similarities, etc. The company has a strong position as an artificial intelligence leader in the country. The artificial intelligence open platform, based on artificial intelligence technology, serves entrepreneurs and sea users in the field of mobile Internet, smart hardware. By the end of 2017, the number of developers of the T-shirt open platform had reached 5.18 million (an increase of 102 per cent over the same period), with a total of 400,000 applications (an increase of 88 per cent over the same period).
The total number of platform connectivity terminals has accumulated at 1.76 billion (93% more than in the same year), with a daily service of 4 billion. The Open Platform is a leader in the country in terms of the coverage of domestic artificial intelligence developers. In the commercialization of the Open Platform, the data size of the Open Platform and the size of the developers are strong.
In 2017, the Open Platform generated $305 million, a significant increase of 243.95 per cent over the previous year, the Open Platform is in its rapid development phase, and the continued growth in user growth and liquidity in the future is a cause for concern.
By the end of 2017, the company had a total of 8,659 employees, a 45.8% increase in per capita income, and an increase in per capita income. As the company matures in areas such as education, the expansion of its operations is expected to lead the company’s business.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: Business expansion is less than expected; profitability is less than expected; valuation levels are too high; \triangleright, Master of Business Administration, has been in software development, pc product management, etc., eight years of experience in the industry.
In 2016, he joined the Shuda Institute of Physics and Masters in Condensed Physics, Beijing University.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.