idc+Industrial Internet development, demand plus policy driven by both Treasure Software (600845.sh) • First Line Idc Operator + Steel Information Lead Enterprise, benefiting from “New Capital” + “Industrial 4.0”
Thanks to shareholders' land, financial resources and their own technological advantages, the Treasurehouse software will continue to benefit from “new infrastructure” on the one hand, and the company will continue to benefit from industrial upgrading needs such as Industrial 4.0 and Smart Manufacturing on the other, as well as from years of in-depth iron and steel intelification, so that we will continue to benefit in the future from the release of industrial information upgrading needs such as Industrial 4.0 and Smart Manufacturing.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating was given, taking into account the company’s future business growth and the scarcity of the first-line Idc cabinets.
1) Potential demand is greater than supply: due to user needs and network delays, big cloud computing, Internet companies are required to install idc in frontline or core business areas, but the large idc in core areas is a scarce resource for long periods of time due to land stress and energy consumption targets in first-line areas.
2) Policy gains in industrial development: New infrastructure and reits drive rapid industrial development. (a) In 2020, the Central Standing Committee listed idc as one of seven new infrastructure types with the intention of creating a resonance with new technologies such as 5g, artificial intelligence, etc.; (b) in April 2020, the China CVM and the National Development and Revision Commission released the Reits pilot, and the idc enterprise is expected to pass through reits
• Self-researching the Xin3plat industrial Internet platform, enabling enterprises to “new four-fold” transformation. Treasure software uses big data, artificial intelligence, smart equipment, pooling, industrial network security, mobile networks,
The seven core technologies, such as virtual simulations, self-researching the Xin3plat industrial Internet platform, which helps enterprises to “new four-fold” transformation of the intelligent business intelligence age by providing an iplat and an eplat platform that meets intellectual and intellectual applications landscapes.
Upgrading the informative capacity of downstream clients.1 Keeping performance steady and gross/net interest rates on the upward trend 2020h1, keeping company revenue and net return profits high. In the first half of 2020, companies achieved business growth.
3.42 billion yuan, an increase of 21.2 per cent over the same period (after adjustment); net return to the mother of 659 million yuan, an increase of 67.7 per cent over the same year (after adjustment). Performance was impressive and benefited mainly from the delivery of most of the engine rooms in the company's Treasure Treasure 4 building No. 3.
51.31% contributed to higher corporate income and profits. 2020 h1 m/net interest rate remained up and cost control level increased. Companies achieved gross growth in the first half of 2020, mainly due to higher rates of Maori software development and outsourcing of engineering services and services
The increase in revenue, the decline in revenue from systems-integrated operations with lower Māori rates, and the optimization of business structures have led to increases in gross/net interest rates. In addition, corporate business development has continued to expand, with significant scale-driven cost-control effects, resulting in a decrease of sales costs of 2020h1, management costs and financial costs of 0.78, 0.28, 0.56 pct, respectively.
While the company optimizes its business structure, it increases by 18.26% (after adjustment), and the R&D cost rate is 9.01%, helping to consolidate the firm’s core competition.
The rate of return on human inputs reached 164.28 per cent, reflecting the increasing capacity of companies to input output and the continuing level of staff operations Sub-operations, where the share of revenue from software development and outsourcing of engineering services and systems integration income decreased by 2020 h1 and corporate software development and engineering services earned 2.208 billion in the first half of 2020
The increase of 1.33 pct (unadjusted) reflects the high demand for corporate idc and steel information. 2020h1, the first line of idc is a scarce resource, smart manufacturing drives the demand for iron and steel Internet, 2.1, idc benefits cloud computing development, and the first line of large idc resources are scarce
On the demand side, policies such as market development and new infrastructure development are favourable for the beneficiary cloud, with high downstream demand for the Idc sector; on the supply side, the Idc sector is geographically diverse: more on the east coast, more on the core cities and less on the centre-west.
idc carries the demand for big data transmission, storage, and calculation, with cloud computing firms being the main driving force behind the growth of the idc market. According to the China Data Centre Industrial Development Association, cloud computing producers accounted for the highest share of the demand structure in the idc market in 2018, reaching 37%, and Internet enterprises combined, 62%.
According to the Universal Data Client structure of the largest enterprise, the ratio of income from cloud computing clients in 2017-2019 was 57.9 per cent, 71.3 per cent and 72.6 per cent, respectively, and the procurement needs of cloud computing firms remained the main engine of growth for idc. Figure 9: idc demand from cloud computing firms in 2018 was 37 per cent.
Domestic public and private cloud markets are growing rapidly, with a surge in data flows and a intellectual transformation of enterprises expected to grow by 57.6 per cent over the long term, and private cloud markets of 64.5 billion yuan over the same period, or 22.8 per cent over the short term, accelerating the development of cloud computing under the driving force of the epidemic, reflected in the upward migration of business across industries, and a massive influx of data to make the cloud fit.
The pressure on server storage calculations has increased dramatically, and the demand for bottom infrastructure expansion from cloud service providers has increased rapidly. 2020q1 and q2 cloud computing firms have turned back on their capital expenditures to calculate their market climate; long-term 5g large-scale commercial support; data flows have re-emerged; and the need for companies to use cloud computing to achieve a digitally intelligent transformation is growing, hopefully in terms of vindicating.
The size of cloud-based markets continued to expand, driving demand growth in idc. Figure 11: Rapid growth in the size of public cloud markets in 2019 Figure 12: Rapid growth in the size of private cloud markets in 2019
On the one hand, the March meeting of the Central Political Standing Committee confirmed that it had proposed to accelerate progress in the construction of new infrastructure on seven panels, including the data centre, which was first re-established.
New infrastructure. The data centre, as a core computing infrastructure, is expected to be resonant with the construction of new building blocks, such as 5g infrastructure, artificial intelligence, which will result in a rapid increase in the demand for idc. idc projects a 100 billion yuan investment in new infrastructure by 2020 for the Big Data Centre; on the other hand, in April, the China CSRC and the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) jointly issued the project.
B. Circular on the Promotion of Work Related to the Real Estate Investment Trust (REITs) Pilots in Infrastructure, which encourages reits pilot work in priority sectors such as new infrastructure such as information networks, with the idc sector ranked among them. Based on the experience of idc companies in the United States with corporate reits, businesses can significantly improve asset liquidity,
Financial capacity, valuation levels, and effective tax avoidance. This pilot will facilitate domestic idc enterprises to explore the feasibility of adopting the reits model, to break through the financing problems of idc ' s heavy assets, to achieve rapid expansion and higher profitability.
Infrastructure 5g of inter-city high-speed railways and new-energy auto charge stations Urban orbital transport
The idc construction and operation has implications for land and energy power consumption, and the superstructure focuses on one-line cities with high demand, resulting in an imbalance in the geographical distribution of supply and demand and a scarcity of large-scale idc cities. The idc resource bandwidth has a direct impact on client structure and cost control.
The main reason for capacity differentiation is that first-line cities usually have more stringent energy consumption targets and land resources constraints, while, because first-line cities gather cloud computing, the Internet, finance, etc., the primary downstream industry of idc, the idc service needs to take into account business visit delays, safety reliability, ease of movement, etc., and both sides tend to have the shortest network.
Distance, highest client density, and two-way choice of the largest core node of the backbone network. Under a multi-faceted game, the largest number of remote, high-demand, first-line urban data centres are still overstretched. 2.2. Industrial 4.0+ intelligence is being created, and the information needs of the steel industry are escalating.
Policies promote rapid industrial growth of 4.0+intelligent manufacturing, and demand for information is being promoted both within and outside the steel industry. From an industry-wide perspective, through documents such as China Manufacturing 2025 issued by the State Council and the Guidance for Deepening the “Internet + Advanced Manufacturing” for the Development of Industrial Internet, manufacturing has emphasized the integration of information technology,
The development of automation will also be upgraded to an eco-intelligent manufacturing model that connects the various production units, of which the industrial Internet, based on industrial software, is an important catcher. In the steel industry, policies will guide the steel industry in the long term to address excess capacity, implement a reduction in output, and promote the elimination of backward capacity and an increase in industrial concentration; in addition, policies will continue to encourage it.
The iron and steel industry is two-fold integrated, and the iron and steel industry is already at the forefront of the manufacturing industry. In 2019, the steel and steel industry was 53.6 per cent, with a rate of 70.9 per cent for key process numbers and 49.8 per cent for the digitalization of production equipment.
The demand for information generated by the development process, combined with the general trend of external industry of 4.0 + smart manufacturing, has been growing rapidly for the application of industrial software. Figure 18: Iron and steel dualization levels reached 53.6 in 2019, ahead of food and services
Industrial software optimizes in-house production processes, improves production efficiency and empowers steel enterprises to upgrade. Different processes, processes and stages of industrial production are interwoven and interrelated, and the application of industrial software not only increases the level of automation of individual production units, but also supervises, directs multiple production units or production plans.
Co-operation helps enterprises to develop a holistic view that reduces costs, reduces production process deviations and promotes process standardization; for example, according to the International Association of Manufacturing Implementation Systems (IAPES) (Messa), they are able to help enterprises reduce their average product deficiency by 18 per cent, manufacturing cycle time by 45 per cent, data entry time by 75 per cent, paper work and blueprint loss by 56 per cent,
In addition, by the end of 2018, 305 pilot projects in smart manufacturing in China had improved their productivity and energy efficiency significantly, while operating costs, product development weeks, and poor product rates had been reduced.
The level of inter-firm intellectual manufacturing is uneven between levels 1.8 and 3.5, and the reorganization of the merger requires the filling of low levels of informatization and the formation of a coherent overall production pace.
Industry 4.0 aims to transform the manufacturing industry into an intelligent one, requiring companies to have the same level of information and industrial softness throughout the process by integrating the information physics system (cps), building a combination of personalized and digitized products and services production model.
Sexually tailored needs, where production instructions pass through the cps system, vertically through the commercial processes of the plant, horizontally, connecting to the derivative value system that can be managed in real time; intelligent production involves the production logistics management of the enterprise as a whole, human interaction and the application of 3d technologies in industrial production.
Sexual manufacturing systems and connectivity, so industry 4.0 construction requires, first and foremost, independent modules that can feed into and be broadly linked, while industrial software, as a hub for interactive data, runs through the process. 3 and idc projects have sufficient reserves and shareholders have an advantage in contributing to business development.
The company is actively promoting the expansion of the idc business, with the first line of the idc project.
idc, which is active in setting up the country’s first-line/ring-line cities. According to the current plan, the company will be built and shipped by the end of 2020 by about 20%. The future frontline city remains a new hot zone under the idc supply gap and is expected to release more of the idc growth space, encouraged by the new capital policy.
It is proposed that the target for consumption will be tilted towards the idc project, and that the number of additional Internet data centre hangars will continue to be created, with the company providing resilience to the size of the idc in Shanghai, with surplus land available at the Itoro base. In addition, Bivao invested in the Too-Kook Clean Energy Digital Industrial Park in July and August 2020, and signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with Shanxi to accelerate public action.
At the revenue end, the Idc project uses orders before construction, resulting in a higher utilization rate of 100% of the Shanghai Treasure Cloud I through four phases.
The contract period is 10 years or more, with pre-positioned Internet mega-clients such as Alibaba, Tenteng, 360, with a high level of certainty of return; cost-side, rental + self-construction to set up the idc project. Under the self-constructing model, it is largely based on idle remodelling of steel plants, which not only saves capital costs, shortens delivery cycles, but also produces steel plants.
The supply of uninterruptible power facilities can save significantly on the construction and operation of the idc project.
Compared to the company ' s 2019 idc business Māori ratio, the company ' s Māori ratio is at a preponderant level. 3.2. Sustained beneficial shareholder advantage, based on steel radiation in the rest of the industry. Integration of shareholders in the steel industry. Continued supply reforms in the steel industry are expected to drive steel information.
The company’s physical control of the human weapon group is focused on raising the overall level of informationization, constantly integrating the production and operation of its subordinate enterprises into the Integrated Information Management System (IIMS), generating a large number of information-based business orders for the company each year, leading to steady growth in revenues from the company’s int-related trade in goods and services.
In line with the objectives of the Guidance on Merging and Reorganizing the Steel Industry and Dealing with Zombie Enterprises, by 2025, China ' s steel industry ' s group merger of 60% of its production, including the iron and steel industry, will continue to accelerate, and the situation will release more information-based transformation needs.
The software business has expanded from steel to non-iron industries, and the in3plat industrial Internet platform is expected to benefit from multi-practice intellectual transformational needs. The company uses the accumulated experience of automation and computerization in the steel industry to develop software.
Capabilities are brought to transport, finance, chemicals, water, colour, pharmaceuticals, etc. In the direction of industrial development, 4.0+ intelligence, companies collect big data, artificial intelligence, smart equipment, cluster control, industrial network security, mobile interconnection, virtual manufacturing, and seven core technologies launch self-researched xin3plat industrial Internet platforms, including iplat and pelat.
Two sets of platforms, with iplat supporting industrial big data, digital intelligence plants, real-time production, process pooling, integration of new and other intelligent manufacturing applications, and eplat supporting the construction of industrial biosphere, inter-industry and cross-cutting connectivity, business agility, and data intelligence. Thus, the in3plat industrial Internet platform is expected to be the next step in the transformation of multiple industries.
Based on the current high level of dualization of the steel industry, it is expected to lead the way in building an industrial Internet platform ecology. Core assumption 1: With downstream demand booming, idc operations are growing in size and single-source profitability.
Power enhancement, with revenue from future outsourcing of services remaining high; beneficial group merger consolidation and information-based needs released by industries towards industrial development of 4.0+smart manufacturing, and robust software development business orders; core assumption 2: continued optimization of corporate business structures, with a low Māori ratio of income from integrated systems operations
We expect the company’s Māori ratio to be rising gradually. Core scenario 3: As corporate business continues to expand, the scale effect continues to rise in terms of per capita profitability, and we believe that the overall cost of the company will decrease.
By relying on shareholders' land, money and their own technical advantages, the BoS software will continue to increase the number of under-country hangars and the scope of the machine room, benefiting from the “new infrastructure”, and the company will continue to benefit for years from the release of industrial information upgrading needs such as Industrial 4.0 and Smart Manufacturing, which we believe will be the future of the company.
Business development paths are clear and performance is certain. The company's net return profit for 2020-2022 is expected to be 12.10, future business growth and the scarcity of front-line Idc cabinets, with the first “buy-in” rating to be covered. 1) idc’s business expansion is less than expected. The idc construction and energy consumption targets are becoming more stringent, making the idc project impossible.
2) The need for information in the steel industry is not as high as expected.