For the first time, I bought a rating of Buy, Li Tianfan, industrial informatization and idc two-wheel drive, achieving steady growth in performance.
Treasure letter software is the leading industrial software industry application solution and service provider in the country, expanding the two main business directions of the industrial Internet platform and the new generation of information infrastructure. It benefits from the telecommunications of the industry, such as steel, the upscaling of conversions and the explosion of data flows, corporate software development and engineering services and outsourcing services.
Together, two operations develop robust growth, and we believe that corporate performance will be released gradually. Industrial informatization and idc work together to drive robust growth: corporate focus on the two core business lines of steel industry information and idc services, with increased investment in “Internet+Advanced Manufacturing” in recent years.
Strategy. Over the period 2015-2019, corporate business income increased at a compound rate of 14.84 per cent; net profits increased from compounding, demand for iron and steel information continued to be released, and corporate leadership consolidated: companies provided the parent company ' s Treasure Group and companies under their banner with a full set of information solutions. Supply side reforms continued to help.
Steel companies have recovered their profits and increased their information spending; BMW groups have been buying and buying, accelerating industrial concentration in recent years, leading to a significant expansion of their downstream customers; and, in order to reduce efficiency, industrial Internet support for the upgrading of traditional industries such as iron and steel. Companies have integrated production and marketing with mes products at their core.
Solutions, which have been ranked first in the steel industry year after year, have a strong leader. idc operates in Shanghai, with significant regional advantages, and expands the country’s layout: companies take advantage of the idle institutional investors of steel as a share of the circulation a.
Resources such as land, manufacturers, electricity, etc., idc has had a remarkable birthright, and in recent years it has been able to build a second growth point quickly and successfully. The company, based in Shanghai, now owns about 30,000 cabinets in the core region and has long-term contracts with large clients such as Shanghai Telecom, Shanghai Movement, etc. for the future.
Performance growth provides a reliable guarantee. Starting in 2019, the company accelerated its deployment in Wuhan, Nanjing, Taikura, etc., gradually moving from the Shanghai regional idc manufacturer to the national idc manufacturer, and the company is expected to continue to benefit from the high growth in demand for the data centre.
Shanghai Bosin Software Inc., formerly Shanghai Bosin Steel Automation Department, established in 1978, Shanghai Bostal Software Ltd., established in 1996 and Shanghai Steel Information Industries Ltd., marketed in 2001 through the replacement of total assets, was renamed Shanghai Bosin Software Ltd. In 2013, the company used Bosan Steel to finance the Shanghai Roma area.
Starting with the Idc operation, the Shanghai Treasure News Centre was established in 2014 with the creation of the Treasure Treasure Cloud Phase I project, followed by the roll-out of the Treasure Cloud II, III and IV Idc projects, and the rapid development of the data centre operations.
The Bosin software is China’s leading industrial software industry application solution and service provider, with companies focusing on two core business lines, i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e.e., i.e.e., i., i., i., i., i., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e.e., i., i., i., i.e.e.e.e.e.e.e., i.e., i., i., i., i., i., i., i.e.i., i.e.e.e., i.i.e.e., i.i.e.e.i., i., i.e., i. i.i.)))))))))))))) i.i.
The main business of Treasure Software includes software development and engineering services (information, automation, intelligence services), outsourcing of services (Internet data centre idc, cloud services), systems integration and other operations. In recent years, companies have increased their investment in industrial Internet platforms, leading manufacturing to digitalization, networking, and intelligent transformation.
Level: A strategy to promote “Internet+Advanced Manufacturing” is also being implemented through business model innovation to provide a new generation of related products and services, such as information infrastructure, big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence. 1 Integrated solutions for manufacturing to provide mes, rp, big data-related solutions based on industrial Internet platforms to build “process control +”
Wirtschaftsprüfer's smart manufacturing application, which creates a platform for management of intellectual operations across geography and business. 2 Internet platform solutions and products for clients in modern services, non-banking finance, urban environmental protection, etc.; promotion of advanced itt is a holding subsidiary under the flag of China: company-owned shareholders are Bosan Steel Co. Ltd., up to 20 years old
At the end of the second quarter, they held 50.14% of the shares. The real owner of the shares was China's Treasure Steel Group, Ltd., a State-owned sole-account company established to invest in the State Treasury of the State Council, which was reorganized by the former Treasure Steel Group and the Wu Steel Group and unveiled on 1 December 2016.
In 2019, China achieved 954.6 million tons of steel production, exceeding Anselematar, making it the world’s first largest; total operating income of 552.2 billion yuan, total profits of 34.5 billion yuan, and assets of over 860 billion yuan. The stock of Bo-Wu is China’s most modern super-steel joint venture, with ownership of Shanghai Boshan, Wuhan Qingshan, and Zhangjiang.
Manufacturing bases such as Dongshan and Nankingmeyama are one of the world’s largest carbon- and steel-species steel companies. The downstream sector’s demand has grown, and its performance has grown rapidly: in recent years, it has benefited from information-building in the steel industry, the upgrading of traditional industries to smart manufacturing, and the rapid growth of demand for idc and cloud services, and the rapid growth of corporate operations.
In the context of the new infrastructure, it is expected that corporate iron and steel information development and idc operations will synergize and maintain the growth trend.
Software development and outsourcing of engineering and services have developed in tandem: from 2015 to 2020h1, the share of companies in software development and engineering services declined from 75.89 per cent to 64.67 per cent, with a sustained expansion in the size of the business and an upswing rate; systems integration and other operations accounted for 1.06 per cent, a small proportion.
At present, companies have developed a two-tier pattern of co-development of software development and engineering and service outsourcing. In the context of the flow surge, it is expected that high downstream demand growth will lead to a higher share of idc-based services outsourcing, which will continue to improve the corporate revenue structure.
1.73 percentage points to 27.83 per cent; Māori rate of outsourcing of services increased by 4.45 percentage points to 49.97 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in the number of Māori on the 4th Phase of Treasure Cloud; Māori rate of system integration fell by 3.94 percentage points to 10.04 per cent over the same period. Māori rate is increasing, reflecting the growing profitability of companies.
Due to the low operating and sales costs of idc, the overall cost rate is expected to decline as the share of idc operations increases. Corporate cost control capacity is enhanced. Increased R & D inputs support business upgrading: companies have been maintaining high R & D inputs, with total R & D costs from 17 years.
The company strengthens the top-level design of the Bosin Industry Internet platform xin3plat, and continuously improves the industrial interconnection platform iplat and the industrial eco-platat to further consolidate its competitive advantage in the area of industrial software. At the same time, the company adds business inputs, such as large idc and cloud services, to push forward the national layout of the “new infrastructure” business and create new profit growth.
Idc ' s operating cash flow has improved significantly: since 2013, the net operating cash flow of companies has experienced two rounds of rapid growth, and in 2013 there was a marked increase in the cash flow of the company ' s new Idc operations; and in 2016, the company ' s Treasure Cloudidc project was dominated by large clients, such as telecommunications operators, with nearly 100 per cent roll-out in three years.
Large clients and long-term contracts guarantee that companies will maintain a high level of net cash flow. Multiple fund-raising for the development of the idc operation has shown confidence that since the establishment of the Shanghai Treasure and Information Centre in 2014, the Division has raised funds for the Treasure Cloud project to build the data centre, through various means, including increases and debt payments.
The huge investment shows that the company looks very well at the development prospects of idc’s business, and that the company’s forward-looking layout makes idc and cloud services a new growth point. Second, the industry of idc is on the verge of rapid growth, and the company has the natural advantage of its own resources.
The Internet data centre (internetdatacenter, idc) is a place to provide centralized storage computing, storage, and network equipment.
idc assumes the key role of a data flow centre. The typical idc service consists of basic services and value-added services, which refer to the hosting of data centres for clients, including standardized cabinets, stabilization of high-speed broadband and ip addresses; the idc value-added business is based on basic operations, providing various types of network security, data applications, flows to clients
The size of a data centre can be divided into small, medium-sized, large, and super-large.
Idc Industrial Chain Analysis: The Idc Industrial Chain can be divided into upper-middle-down, upstream, infrastructure and conditions necessary for the construction of the Idc Machine Room, including land housing, power supply equipment, networks, IT equipment, refrigeration equipment, surveillance equipment, etc.
Resources are consolidated to provide a stable and efficient Idc service and an overall end-out programme.
Figure 10: Idc Industrial Chain Diagram Analysis Midstream: professional idc services and solutions Demand-side surge growth supporting industry highs: benefiting from short videos, online shopping, network games,
The high demand for downstream applications, such as live webcasting, mobile payments, and a sharp drop in the average cost of super-flowing traffic, has led to an explosion in the flow of data in our country.
The news occupied the top two, while other applications, such as online video, cell phone games, integrated news, were ranked ahead. Figure 11: Mobile Internet users per capita app-timed in the second quarter of 20 years compared with 2013-2019, with a combined growth rate of 113 per cent in mobile Internet data flows in 2013-2019.
About 122 billion gb, an increase of 71.83% over the same period. It is expected that the rapid growth in terminal applications from 2020 onwards, with commercial size of 5g, will lead to a re-elevation of data flows to support the high profile of the idc industry.
Models have been growing at a positive rate and at an average annual rate of around 20 per cent, with the global idc industry reaching nearly $80 billion in 2019. In 2019, China ' s idc business market reached $15.250 billion, an increase of 27.2 per cent over the previous year.
It is expected that in 2022, the market size of China’s idc operations will be dominated by cloud producers and large Internet companies: the current domestic demand for the idc sector will be driven mainly by cloud producers and customers of large Internet enterprises.
The total annual capital expenditure of $122.9 billion, a 3.9% decline in comparison, is mainly related to the fact that new applications have not yet emerged, and that the rate of movement data flows has declined significantly. For two years in a row, the country’s major cloud producers have invested more than $120 billion, and the absolute value of the investment remains enormous, indicating the confidence of the cloud producers in the future prospects of the industry.
In 2019, the total market size of the country ' s cloud was 133.4 billion yuan, an increase of 38.6 per cent over the previous year, of which 68.9 billion yuan, or 57.6 per cent, was for the public cloud market, which is expected to exceed 23 billion yuan by 2023.
With a cloud market of 64.5 billion yuan, an increase of 22.8% over the same year, the market is expected to be close to 150 billion yuan by 2023. Data centres provide the infrastructure for cloud computing.
In the developed provinces, where the population and Internet user density are far ahead of the mid-western region, the country’s data centre has the highest operational needs. At the national level, the first-line urban data centres, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and others, have the largest concentration of resources.
The “New Capital” policy strongly supports the development of the idc industry: macro-policy aspects. In March 2020, the Central Political Bureau meeting explicitly proposed “accelerating progress in the construction of new infrastructure such as the 5g network, data centres, etc..” Digital infrastructure such as 5g, data centres, etc. are at the heart of the new infrastructure.
On September 29, 2020, investment in the data centre grew steadily: as the data grew explosively, the data centre construction became a major trend.
The world’s leading countries and enterprises have embarked on a digital transition, with global data centre investments showing a rapid and long-term trend. Global data centre investments amounted to $267.5 billion in 2019, an increase of 7.1 per cent over the same period; and China, a growth of 13.5 per cent over the same period, according to the central investment of $3.698 billion, a growth rate that exceeded the growth rate of gdp (2.3 per cent and 6.1 per cent).
The number of supply-side data centre hangars has risen steadily: since 2016, the number of Chinese data centre hangars has increased year by year, reaching 2 million in 2018, followed by slower growth, reaching 2.27 million in 2019, and is expected to reach 2.39 million in 2020. The overall occupancy rate of data centres in first-line cities, such as Shanghai, is mostly 70% in Beijing.
Classification of domestic idc service providers: Currently, domestic idc service providers can be divided into base telecommunications operators, cloud computing firms and third-party idc service providers.1 Basic telecommunications operators: China Mobile, China Telecom and China Connect. Three major operators occupy the network
Resource advantages, early development of idc operations, large-scale construction of data centre engine rooms, a supplier of resources such as upstream broadband cabinets, and direct participants in the idc service market, telecommunication operations, idc operations, cloud service providers: many large, well-funded Internet companies, in support of their own branded clothes
The demand for operations is low for self-constructed data centres, which are often not competitive in the market. Taking into account the large demand of first-line cities, third-party idc services are usually leased, mainly cooperative relationships.3 Third-party idc service providers: there are a large number of highly competitive manufacturers and most private companies have a regional competitive advantage.
It provides customized services with advantages in energy consumption control, maintenance of operations, etc. The concentration of the industry is gradually increasing as we move towards scale. The bargaining power is weak. The three main players in the idc market are in the main: basic telecommunications operators, with strong resource advantages and priorities.
In 2019, basic telecommunications operators accounted for more than 60% of the market. The housing stock in the country, but the Idc resources in the core cities, are poorly configured and the customers are more fragmented.
The country’s third-party idc enterprises, represented by data from all countries, new Halonet, and Treasure Letter software, have expanded rapidly in recent years, thanks to dedicated support capabilities and customized services. The third-party idc market is now highly competitive, with major customers dominated by cloud computing firms, Internet enterprises, and large customers in the financial sector.
Data centre cost analysis: Low cost is key to establishing a competitive advantage for data centre operators. Data centre costs comprise construction costs (capex) and operating costs (opex). 1 Construction costs: data centre construction costs typically include capital costs such as electrical equipment, civil renovations, air conditioning systems, etc.
Of this total, the highest cost of electrical equipment was 55.6%, while the share of heat-dispersing equipment (for servers, network equipment and electrical equipment, for which air conditioning was provided) was the third, at 16.7%, with the core equipment generally replaced for 5 years.
The cost of operating the data centre usually includes expenses such as electricity, depreciation of equipment, rental of equipment, rental of equipment, etc. The highest share of electricity expenditure, 56%.
Both electrical equipment and electricity costs are high costs for data centres. Therefore, reducing the cost of purchasing electricity infrastructure and improving the efficiency of power use are key tools for reducing the cost of data centres. Figure 22: Analysis of the cost of data centre construction
Figure 23: Analysis of the operating costs of the data centre, restricted supply of first-line city idc: supply of first-line urban resources is tight, owing to the fact that idc occupies a large number of land plants and consumes large amounts of electricity, and in recent years policies have been introduced to limit the construction and expansion of idc in the first-line cities, leading to the creation of one.
The supply of idc resources is limited. Puue (poweruseeffefection, power efficiency) is the indicator for evaluating the energy efficiency of the data centres, and the closer the data centre ' s total equipment consumption/it equipment energy consumption, the higher the energy efficiency level.
First-line urban supply is limited and cost advantages are added, and future data centres will continue to migrate to the periphery of the ring and second- and third-line cities in the central and western parts of the country. Relying on major shareholders, they have a natural resource advantage: in 2013, the Treasure and Steel Unit was affected by national policies and industry developments.
In Shanghai, the iron and steel plant has been shut down, and Bosin software and shares have signed agreements for the rental of space and other resources for the development of the idc business. The Shanghai plant has an area of 28,000 square kilometres, and has a large number of resources, such as industrial plants, support houses, electricity distribution, and drainage, with the advantage of expansionary expansionary development.
By relying on the natural resource advantage of the stockholding of the major shareholder, the company can shorten the construction cycle of the idc project, for profit owning 28,000 square kilometres of land and ancillary houses in the Luang factory area, with an advantage in geographical location and sufficient land space.
The full power network and infrastructure of the steel plant have saved the cost of electricity construction in the idc engine room.
There is a long-standing collaboration with telecommunications operators, with a clear client advantage: Treasure letter software as a third-party idc service provider, the main customer base telecommunications operator and the Internet provider, of which Treasure Clouds signed a contract with the operator from phase I to three, with the company
By the first half of the 2000s, four issues of the Idc project had been delivered in order to complete their delivery, mainly to the Taiping Company, with long-term contracts with telecommunications operators, with a high rate of contracting, and ultimately with large Internet or financial companies.
According to the company announcement, the number of participants in the Idc project will be close to 100% within three years of its completion.
The company is expected to be able to support the number of about 50,000 containers in the Luang factory area, together with the company’s ownership of 12,000 containers near the U Xiao Bridge in Shanghai, and the company’s projected operational space of nearly 60,000 containers in the Shanghai area. In addition to overseas, the company also planned the national layout of the Treasure Cloud data centre project, which will launch the Bo Yun Wuhan Qingshan base II.
The project is now under way, and the project to build a base in Bo's Nanjingmei Hills will enable the project to be launched. The project will include the construction of a platform for the Wuhan Data Park (Boon's first phase) and a plan to build 16,000 new ones in 2020-2023.
By the first half of 2020, the company had nearly 30,000 hangars, with more than 100,000 hangars still in construction. It is expected that in the next three years, all of the company’s construction and planned Idc projects will be completed, with a total of over 150,000 cabinets, with great potential for development.
The Idc business profitability industry is leading and has a significant cost advantage: we compare the idc-related Māori rate of the leading third-party producer in the country in 2019, and the BTW outsourcing (mainly the idc business) rate of 44.68 per cent, after the HYNE idc and its value-added services rate of 54.46 per cent, is at a high level.
Given the cost advantage of the company’s natural resources, such as land, electricity, etc., the company’s four-quarters of the company’s irv 18.54% in the same frontline cities as Beijing and Shanghai, according to the current Idc project’s Irrr (intra-project rate of return).
The company relies on steel and steel plants to renovate its data centres, and the demand for iron and steel information continues to be released, and the company’s leading position in China’s industrial software market continues to grow: industrial software is used exclusively or mainly in the industrial field.
Industrial informatization is the necessary direction for future manufacturing development. With the modernization of our industry, the size of the industrial software market, driven by policies, is growing and prospects for future development are wide.
In 2019, we earned $172 billion in industrial software products, an increase of 16.45 per cent over 2018, and we will earn more than $200 billion in industrial software products. The benefits of the supply side reforms have led to a significant recovery in the profitability of the steel sector: structural reforms on the supply side have been advanced since 2016.
Since then, it has benefited from a recovery in production capacity and downstream demand, a significant increase in capacity utilization in the steel industry, and an increase in the average annual profit in the industry to $294.6 billion, with a doubling of profits. The iron and steel industry’s profitability has clearly recovered, allowing steel companies to invest more in information-based construction.
Iron and steel informatics is an important application of industrial software: it has become an important safeguard for the sustainable development of the steel industry and for improving market competitiveness. Iron and steel enterprise information systems are structured and generally divided into five layers.
Systems, including srm (supplier relationship management), scm (supply chain management) and crm (customer relationship management); Level 4 systems are erp systems for enterprise-wide internal management and planning (enterprise resource plan), Level 3 systems are mes systems for production and implementation (plant manufacturing implementation system) and Level 2 systems are life-oriented
Production processes and controlled pcs systems (process control systems), the lowest layer being systems for the control of production equipment. Subsistence efficiency drives the building of iron and steel information: the steel industry is fully competitive because of the high homogenization of products, and cost control is a key capacity for inter-firm competition, with increasing demand for production efficiency and management.
Iron informatization, on the one hand, creates reliable, safe, efficient production and manufacturing synergies for enterprises through the Mes system Implementation platform: and, on the other hand, the erp system provides a management platform for business staff and decision-making levels. The steel industry will continue to increase its competitiveness and information-building needs in order to reduce efficiency gains.
The iron and steel information system is perfect, and the mes are the leading players in competitiveness: the steel industry is the main industry, mes, erp, logistics management, smart equipment, and related services for the development of corporate software, covering the entire chain of the steel manufacturing industry.
The share of the field is ranked first on a yearly basis and is widely applied throughout the steel line in iron zones, steel, heat rolls, medium plate, bar line, steel type, cold roll, steel pipe, and super-steel. The market rate is rising from year to year. The company is also horizontal in a number of industrial manufacturing areas, such as chemicals, pharmaceuticals, transportation, etc., by virtue of its leading edge in iron and steel information and advanced technology.
The company actively upgraded its technology to become the first 23 smart manufacturing system solutions selected by the Ministry of Trade and Finance.
The main participants in the mes suppliers are international manufacturers, represented by siemens, Xifanuc, and domestic software firms, represented by Treasure and Control software. While foreign manufacturers are more powerful in terms of product technology, size, and experience, some domestic manufacturers are more familiar with local markets and a quick response to customer demand.
The software is competitive in the fields of iron, chemical and mechanical information. Table 10: Major mes suppliers in various industries, ongoing mergers and acquisitions by the Treasure Group, release of information-building needs: Ministry of Industry and Communications publication of Iron and Steel Industry Adjustment in 2015
It was suggested that “by 2025, the top 10 steel companies will have produced at least 60 per cent of the country's crude steel production, forming three or five mega-firm groups that are globally more competitive, as well as leading firms in regional and segmented markets.”
In June 2019, the State Finance Committee of Anhui Province transferred 51% of the Ma Steel stock to China without compensation; in August 2020, the Shanxi State Capital Operations Company Ltd. transferred 51% of the Tai Gang stock to China without compensation; and on September 16, 2020, Chongqing Iron and Steel issued a communiqué, China Po
The iron and steel industry has accelerated the consolidation of mergers and acquisitions, built information systems, and overhauls have been significantly expanded. Treasure software is backed by the Treasure Group, and internal information orders are well secured.
Industrial M & As restructuring will result in a significant increase in corporate informatization. Figure 30: China's concentration in the steel industry Building an Internet platform for the steel industry: the State proposes a “new capital” strategy, and the industrial Internet is a new infrastructure.
Industrial Internet is a basic network for connecting machines, materials, people, and data information. Corporations are autonomously developing Xin3plat industrial Internet platforms that rely on core technologies such as big data, artificial intelligence, industrial network security, creating intelligent factories, smart operations, and eco-systems to continuously promote the fulfilment of intelligent services.
The application of the industrial eco-platat and the industrial interconnection platform iiplat to accommodate the intelligent manufacturing of applications, the completion of the design development of the big data platform and the deployment of the industrial Paas platform, industrial app development and testing, and the acceleration of the location and dissemination of relevant demonstration projects.
The company, as the leading industrial software industry application solution and service provider in the country, has benefited in recent years from the upgrading of industrial information adaptations, such as steel, and the expansion of data flow surges, software development and engineering services and outsourcing services.
Businesses are growing faster, and we believe that future downstream demand growth will lead to a gradual release of corporate performance. Compared to third-party idc companies such as Data Harbour, New Halo Network, Ophelia Data, the company owns the natural resources of precious steel.
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificate (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may use or make any action based on information or research prior to receipt of the report. A group voucher (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
This report is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in the report.