Long-power technology (600584.sh) The previous business growth was robust, with S.S. Kimbon integration expected to yield operating revenues of $5.87 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of 38.0 per cent, attributable to the net benefit of shareholders in listed companies.
Profit 0.15 (including taxes), no red shares, no capital pool transfer to equity. Long-power technology upfront index, significant increase in revenue in 2016, and steady growth in income from its own business: from 2016 to 2016
In terms of the net profits of shareholders belonging to the parent company, the net profits of the company increased by 6.0% to $430 million on a comparable caliber basis, and the profitability gained in the context of the expansion of income size.
With a significant increase, the effect of the future integration phase after the completion of the S.C.G.P.A. would be to influence the company, and to show that the M.P.M. rate was significantly lower and that the management costs were gradually manageable: the M.I.R. was 11.8 per cent for the whole year 2016, a 6.0 percentage point decline in the same year, and the M.P.R. was slightly lower than in the same caliber.
With a 0.5 percentage point rate of 17.1%, it has remained largely stable, and the cost of human capital and depreciation in the process of integration has been higher, thus affecting the overall Māori rate.
The decline of 3.8, 0.2, and 0.5 percentage points, respectively, in both rates and financial costs, shows that companies have achieved the desired results in terms of management effectiveness as production scale continues to grow. In the billions of yuan, the core measure is “satisfied to client satisfaction, consolidated China’s market dominance, and kept sealed.”
Measuring technological excellence, creating niche plants, optimizing the debt structure to reduce financial costs, focusing on corporate culture Long power technology: three-quarterly integration of starring Kim-bon, looking forward to building, giving high priority to the safe production of enterprises and environmental protection, and making long power technology a world-class competition
In the case of semiconductor sealing companies, there is a need to focus on: 1) the integration of long-term electro-technology in S.S. Kimpun: medium-term performance shows business improvements, investment increases enhance cross-selling, and the introduction of high-end sealers in the domestic market, while in the case of priority customers abroad
Continuous import of long power lines; 2) continuous advancement including sip sealing, fan-outewlb project, long power technology: priority projects such as semi-annual company performance announcements, profit ecp operations; 3) mastering auto electronics, network infrastructure, flash storage and
Volatility affects overall market demand in the industry; market competitive demand for e-consumptions, dominated by telecommunications and consumer electronics, has led to a significant increase in sales earnings of 77.2 per cent to $19.15 billion in 2016 and Māori to 11.8 per cent in the same year.
The increase in revenue generated by the acquisition of Starcomb still requires control over costs and costs to achieve profit growth. (i) The increase in revenues from the previous business profits in 2016, which was increased by RMB 19.15 billion in sales earnings for the whole of 2016, an increase of 77.2 per cent over the same period, was added to the list for 2016.
The income size of Starcomb increased significantly, with 14.6% of the same income size as $12.28 billion in 2016, according to the company ' s comparative caliber for 2015. The same figure rises by 100%. According to the information disclosed by the company, the net profit from the former long-power operation was not taken into account.
At $430 million, an increase of 60.0 per cent in the same year, and a significant increase in the profitability of the increase in the capacity utilization rate, the company ' s rate of Māori in 2016 was 11.8 per cent, a decrease of 6.0 percentage points in the same year, a significant decline in gross interest rates as a result of the consolidation of stellenoms and a 0.5 percentage point decrease in Māori by 17.1 per cent in comparable calibres.
The sales and financial rates decreased by 3.8, 0.2 and 0.5 percentage points, respectively, for the same year, and by 30 days, a small decrease in the same year. As Starcombing’s losses in 2016 were still large, the overall net profit decreased by 0.5 percentage points to -1.1 per cent, as a result of negative values, while the net profit attributable to the parent company’s shareholders increased, pushing the net profit of the company’s owner.
In terms of short-term solvency capacity, the liquidity ratios for 2016 were 0.68 and 0.52 respectively, with a net liability equity ratio of 70.5 per cent and a persistently high corporate liability rate, with associated liabilities incurred after the acquisition of Starcomb.
Assets are still far below current liabilities, with the company ' s interest guarantee multiplier of 0.53 in 2016, and despite increased profitability, financial costs are still high for the company and short-term solvency requires continued attention to risk. (ii) Effective roll-out of operations in the fourth quarter of 2016, with a single-quarter reversal of losses
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the company achieved an operating income of $5.87 billion, an increase of 38.0 per cent, and a net gain of $46.62 million attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, which was reversed in the fourth quarter. From August 2015 onwards and on the same scale. So, the fourth quarter's performance was the same, and it can be seen that the increase in capacity utilization was the driving force behind the growth in the size of the company's revenue, while the cost was effectively controlled.
It is a matter of concern that, starting in the third quarter of 2016, there was also a significant decline in operating profits, as well as a reversal in the fourth quarter of the overall net profit taking into account the interests of minority shareholders. Figure 9: Business income and growth rates over the past 12 quarters
In terms of net profits and growth rates over the past 12 quarters, the company's main product remains a semiconductor encapsulation test, with the company's main business further expanded after the acquisition of Starcombing, with the integrated circuit sealing increasing by 38.4 per cent over the same period, and the distribution of separate devices.
The increase of 9.3% resulted in a decrease in the level of hand interest rates for products, as the Māori rate in overseas markets was also affected by the sale of regional branches, owing to the fact that the Māori rate in overseas markets was reduced by the sale of regional branches, mainly as a result of technology such as transistor fan-out, system level sip, ecp technology, hb-pop, mems, high-frequency large-power semiconductors and car electronics.
(i) The traditional business has remained stable, and the consolidation of HQP to reduce the overall Māori ratio The main business of the company is a semiconductor encapsulation test, followed by a further expansion of the company ' s main business code following the acquisition of HSKP, with a corresponding increase of 38.4 per cent to 208.4 per cent in the volume of chips measured in 2016 from sales data disclosed by the company
One hundred million, with sales of separate devices increasing by 9.3 per cent to 22,550 million on a year-on-year basis. It is a matter of concern that, upon completion of the acquisition, companies have been able to improve effectively in the area of pre-enactment, including high-end system level Sip containment technology, crystal circle fan-out, ecp technology, hb-pop, mems, high-frequency large power semiconductors and auto electrons.
In terms of product breakdowns, the Māori rate has fallen significantly in the same year because of the marked differences in the Māori ratio between Starring Pin and the company itself. In terms of comparable caliber Māori rates disclosed by companies, the Māori rate for the company ' s chip sealing and chip sales in 2016 decreased by 0.5 per cent and increased by 0.6 percentage points to 16.8 per cent and 32.7 per cent respectively.
In terms of cost composition, there has been a significant increase in the ratio of labour and equipment depreciation amortization costs as a result of the consolidation of Starcomb, which has led to a decrease in the Māori rate due to the size of the inputs in the geographic area and in the state-of-the-art containment equipment. (ii) The Māori ratio has declined as a result of the increase in the overseas market revenue from Starcomb.
In 2016, the company ' s overseas market generated 15.74 billion yuan, compared to 82.7 per cent of total revenue, an increase of 6.4 percentage points in the same year, mainly because the company ' s main clients, both from overseas markets and from the SAP project in Korea, were also leading overseas firms, and thus the share of overseas market revenue continued to rise.
Three hundred and eighty million yuan, or 17.3 per cent of total sales revenue, and a 29.1 per cent increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis, have maintained a steady growth momentum, and the company's leading position in the sealing industry has enabled it to obtain reliable order support for the expansion of the industry.
Decreases of 2.1 and 6.4 percentage points. As noted earlier, significant growth in the overseas market was mainly due to the co-benefits of Starling Gold Pon, whose product structure and level of Māori are significantly lower than the company's own business, and hence the decline in the Māori rate in the overseas market.
To consolidate China's market dominance, maintain its technological dominance, create niche factories, optimize its debt structure and reduce its financial costs, focus on business culture, attach great importance to the safe production of enterprises and environmental protection, and establish long-power technologies as semiconductor seals with the highest international competitive power”, in particular:
China’s market dominance should be consolidated. To serve Chinese clients in a more focused manner, the corresponding service model should be established and refined, including the development, operation, technology and quality of the interface of services systems; and to actively take over the supply chain from the international front line of large customers to China, accelerating the formation of a one-stop service operation model for jsc+jcap/middle core long power.
Enhance cross-sales to ensure the smooth import of priority customers, pool advantage resources, and expand more high-quality customers. Continue to support priority project development and promote diversification of the jsksip client group and end markets; maintain the long power technology sip preponderant position in the Chinese market and service the transfer of Chinese and international customers; and continue to support the scsfan-out
The ewlb project builds, enlists the support of government departments; it also supports the development of jcapep operations; it expands the product lines to include short product lines; it takes advantage of opportunities in areas such as automobile electronics, network infrastructure, flash storage and mems; it actively seeks out potential clients and increases the share of these operations.
iii. Profit forecasting and investment proposals. After the acquisition of Starcomb, the integration phase was less effective than expected; global and Chinese macroeconomic fluctuations affected overall market demand in the industry; and there were market competitive pressures on capture demand, dominated by telecommunications and consumer electronics.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data