The company was set up in 2015 to cover the three main categories of cloud computing, communications and mobile network equipment, industrial Internet coverage.
The company adheres to the business model of “Deep Far China, Global” and integrates the resource advantages of globalization, driving the digital transformation of the ict (information and communication technology) industrial chain to help the global s098052108001.
The global cloud computing server lead provider, benefiting from the rise of a wave and a blow-out of arithmetic demand. s0980522100003chatgpt leads the wave of a global big model, and the training and reasoning of a large language model leads to a demand for arithmetic.
Index-level growth. According to idc, global data aggregates will increase from 87.08zb in 2022 to 291.112zb in 2027 (cagr: 22.4%); global i server market size will continue to be the world ' s number one in 2022, with major clients including Weida, Amazon, Microsoft, etc.
The core provider of the British Weilda H100ai server will benefit fully from the aigc arithmetic blowout needs. 5g infrastructure development continues, and intelligent family applications accelerates the spread of the landscape.
We look forward to a sustained growth in corporate revenue, based on: 1) the continued growth in the size of the world’s 5g infrastructure market.
The number of users of the 5g personal market continues to grow; 2) high-end smartphones, smart watch appearances and structures are switched to titanium alloys, stimulating user demand for machine change; 3) household digitization is widespread, and the demand for smart home equipment is increasing. Global digital economy leading companies continue to push forward the Lighthouse Leadrs program.
One of the central growth poles of the economy, the size of our digital economy in 2022 was 50.2 trillion yuan, or 41.5 per cent of the gdp ratio. According to idc, the country’s digital transition expenditure is projected to be $321.8 billion in 2022. In the area of the industrial Internet, the company has six lights based on its intellectual power and data base.
In the future, the company will continue to drive the industrial Internet to its depth and contribute to digital economic development.
The global leader in high-end smart manufacturing and industrial Internet resolution program service provider set up the high-end smart manufacturing plus industrial Internet to lead the digital transformation of lighthouses.
Industry is a leading global service provider of high-end smart manufacturing and industrial Internet solutions, with major packages of cloud computing, communications and mobile network equipment, industrial Internet. The Division, benefiting from the boom in the digital economy, adheres to the strategic direction of “data-driven, green development” and has achieved five categories of business for the digital economy.
- Cloud and edge computing, industrial Internet, smart households, 5g and network communication equipment, smart phones, and intellectuals, with full coverage, have an advantage in terms of products, technology, and global market power. Forbes, in 2022, was rated as the seventh largest in the “China’s digital economy by 100” and the first in the electronics sector.
The company was founded in 2015 and was listed in 2018a. In March 2015, the company's predecessor, Fu-Team Technology, was founded; In July 2017, Fu-Techners co-sponsored the creation of the Fuji-Kang Industrial Internet Limited. In December 2017, the company acquired its holdings by issuing new shares from 32 replenishments, including Shenzhen Hong-Hung-jin.
In 2019, the company was selected as one of the 16 lighthouse companies in the world by the World Economic Forum at Davos. In 2022, the company proposed a “data-driven, green development” strategy, exceeding the 2022 harvest, insisting on a business model of “deep-farming China, laid-out global”, with Bucoa, Europe and North America.
There is no real control over the company, but Hong Hai has a sophisticated control over indirect holdings through such companies as China and China. As of the first quarter of 2023, 21.97% of the shares were held by China and China and 100% of the top ten shareholders in the company.
Holdingsmited, joyevenholdingslimited and controlled by Hung Hai Precision (2317.tw) and by the fact that there is no real control over Honghai Precision, so there is no real control over the company.
Companies based on the business model of “deep-farming China, laid-out the world” based on years of experience in efficient management, supply chain management, flexible production, etc., achieve a dual cycle of domestic and foreign production, and integrate global resource advantages, facilitate the digital transformation of the ict industrial chain, and contribute to the high-quality development of the global digital economy.
Cloud computing, communications and mobile network equipment, and industrial Internet are the three main business lines that keep growing year by year. The company’s products consist mainly of storage equipment, servers, data centres and cloud service equipment, high-precision institutional items, major overseas clients such as British Weida, Amazon, Dale, Microsoft, Oracle, etc.
In addition, in the new market, the product of the clouding machine system started to be delivered. With the rapid growth of the i hardware market, the company began to grow in 2022.
The share of goods delivered by the ai server and hpc increased rapidly, to about 20 per cent in 2022, as a result of cloud service provider products. Figure 5: Corporate cloud computing major products, Figure 6: Corporate cloud computing business operating revenue and the same rate of growth
Communications and mobile network equipment: corporate communications and mobile network equipment earned $29,6178 million in 2022, an increase of 14.37 per cent over the same year, and the products concerned consisted mainly of sub-manufacturing products such as high-precision institutional equipment, network equipment, telecommunications equipment, etc.
Secret agency items, mainly apples; network equipment, including network switches, routers, wireless devices, network servers, roof boxes, smart home gateways, etc., including Cisco, hpe, Huaieng, etc.; telecommunications package, inclusive stations, light transmission equipment, etc., including Wah, Nokia, Ericsson, Cisco, etc.
Industrial Internet: In 2022, the company ' s industrial Internet operation earned 1.912 billion yuan, an increase of 13.46 per cent over the same period. The industry ' s Internet platform operation consists of three main core sections, one-stop digital manufacturing operations, cloud and platform services for large enterprises and small and medium-sized enterprises, respectively.
Different types of clients, such as enterprises, parks and industrial clusters, provide full-scale digital transformation services such as professional landscape applications, digital manufacturing management, dual carbon strategic services, smart hardware equipment, digital talent organization development, etc.
In line with the trend towards new industrialization, the company has launched a new strategic layout of “2+2”. In addition to actively developing the core business of “high end smart manufacturing + industrial Internet, the company has gradually made semiconductor and new energy vehicle zero.
The business, while also focusing on “big data (including meta-cosm numeric and storage power) plus robots” as the focus of the new business scenario, creates a second growth curve for the company in the future. Performance has grown steadily since 2015, with a steady increase in the collection of cloud panels.
The growth in corporate performance, supported by accelerated business growth, was sustained in the first quarter of 2023. Corporate revenue increased by 0.8 to 10,589 million yuan in the same quarter, resulting in a decline in net profit from the parent by 3.9 to 3,128 million yuan in the same year, and a higher proportion of corporate revenue from cloud computing, communications and mobile network equipment operations.
Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have been declining since 2015, largely as a result of changes in product structure. Corporate gross letter and mobile network equipment have declined in Māori rates as a result of industry climate.
Large model ai east wind has reached a year-on-year 21.9% growth in global data aggregates in 2022, leading the global ai wave, and advanced pre-training large model parameters have placed higher demands on data centre computing. Millions of vocabulary databases have been trained to process in natural languages such as text analysis, machine translation, machine writing, etc.
In December 2022, opnai released a chat robot model based on gpt-3.5, with excellent text chat and complex language processing skills. In terms of operation specifications,chatgpt is dominated by nvidiaa100, with exclusive use of microsoftazure cloud service resources.
The cloud-side-end high-calculus network is basically formed to meet high-calculation needs by building a broad deployment architecture. The cloud-end smart chip and acceleration card are core devices for artificial intelligence processing such as cloud servers, data centres, etc., generating power from chipes such as gpu, npu, and using virtual platforms to schedule server equipment for complex data processing.
An artificial intelligent processing task with high complexity and high-speed data-absorbent growth. The margin calculation is equipped with a moderate computing capability between the terminal and the cloud. The algorithm is generated by chips such as cpu, fpga, which solves potential problems such as data security, privacy protection, bandwidth and time delay in the scenario and guarantees the stability of data transmission.
The terminal smart processor is the core device in the terminal that supports artificial intelligence processing operations. The algorithm is largely generated by chip cpu, dsp, etc., which gives the terminal a more fluid user experience. Global data aggregates have risen dramatically, and server computing needs have grown exponentially. With artificial intelligence, data, etc.
New technological developments, such as excavations, the generation of big data and their computation and processing, are key to the development of data centres. In the root, large-scale volumes, matrices are the outstanding demands of artificial intelligence at the computing level, and the extensive application of high parallel learning algorithms in areas such as visual, speech and natural language processing makes the need for arithmetic.
The construction of cloud data centres and super-data centres worldwide is accelerating as cloud computing continues. According to Cisco data, the number of global data centres is expected to increase from 338 in 2016 to 628 in 2021, corresponding to 13.19 per cent cagr; the share of data centres is projected to be 27 per cent in 2016.
Up to 53% in 2021. At the cloud end, servers and data centres need to operate large amounts of raw data, with higher computing capacity, computational progress, data storage, bandwidth, etc. for basic hardware such as chips. There are many development bottlenecks in traditional data centres, such as higher energy consumption and lower computing efficiency.
Intelligentization of servers in the heart will be a future trend. Global arithmetic demand surges, i-server penetration accelerated, and the global server market increased by nearly 8% in 2022-2027.
In 2022, the global server market grew by $123 billion, or 20.0 per cent, with Dale, Hewlett-Packard, Wave, Conspicuous, Unique, 16.3 per cent, 10.6 per cent, 7.7 per cent, and odm, respectively, supplying directly.
The cagr was 5.7 per cent in 22-27; the global server market is expected to reach $178 billion in 2027, compared to 7.7 per cent in 22-27, i servers in the form of isomers such as cpu+gpu, cpu+tpu, cpu+other acceleration cards;
The normal server is the provider of cpu numeracy and uses a serial structure. The application of network technology such as big data, cloud computing, human intelligence, and the Internet of things leads to a geometric increase in the number of data, the core of cpu is nearing the limit, but the data are increasing continuously, so it is necessary to upgrade the server's data processing capability, i-server should
Usually the one-server has to perform a large number of calculations, usually with a gpucard with four blocks or more. Figure 28: Server upgrades to the one-server complete upgrade of the one-server whole structure programme, in the form of: 1) more efficient radiator system: the one-server usually uses
There is a need to process a large amount of data and calculations, while generating a large amount of heat, so that i-servers usually use higher efficiency radiating systems, such as liquid cold radiating systems; 2) larger dimensions: i-servers usually need to install more components such as gpu, memory and storage equipment, and therefore require greater encapsulation space, which is better suited to the data.
Use in a spacious environment such as hearts; 3) higher expansion: i server needs to process large-scale data and models, usually with more pcie slots and other extended slots to enable users to expand the system according to their own needs; 4) higher reliability: i server is usually used to process critical business data and tasks and needs higher
Reliability and stability, so that the ai server usually has stricter hardware quality control and testing processes. Figure 29: Supermicro server design case
The training of large language models and the application of reasoning have led to a dramatic increase in the need for arithmetic. According to our report, The Rationale, Evolution and Arithmetic of the Big One Model, released on April 24, 2023, a parameter of 175 billion gpt-3 models will need to be added to the training phase with a new a100gpu chip, corresponding value.
For $23.37 million, 195 dgxa100 servers are required; 706,000 additional a100gpu chips are required in the reasoning phase, corresponding to $10.595 billion, and 88,000 dgxa100 servers are required. Considering the sale price of 1 dgxa 100 servers for $199 million, the value of dgxa 100 servers in the training phase is estimated to be 1 dgxa 100 servers.
For $38.805 million, the value of the dgxa 100 server in the reasoning phase was $17.512 billion. With the increase in data volume, the global i server market increased by more than 15% in 22-26 years. According to idc, the global ii-related expenditure in 2022 was $11.93 billion, an increase of 28.0%, of which the i hardware, ai services,
The share of i software expenditure was 20.4 per cent, 24.5 per cent, 55.1 per cent, and i hardware expenditure was 83.2 per cent, 16.8 per cent, and according to idc data, the global i server market was $20.2 billion in 2022, an increase of 29.8 per cent, and a share of the server market was 16.4 per cent, an increase of 1.2 pct in 2022.
In the first half of the year, Xinhua had the top five market shares of Waves, Dale, Hewlett-Packard, Xinhua and Xinhua, with 15.1%, 14.1%, 7.7%, 5.6%, and 4.7% respectively. idc expected a rapid growth in global `ai ' services in 2026, leading to an increase in demand for the Ethernet switch.
The rapid development of artificial intelligence will lead to an increase in the demand for an Ethernet exchange. Artificial intelligence applications usually require the processing of a large amount of data that is transmitted via the network to the processing node, requiring high-speed, low-delayed network transmission. Switches can provide high-speed, low-delayed data transfer and ensure rapid data transmission and processing.
In addition, artificial intelligence applications usually use distributed structures that assign tasks to multiple processing nodes, while switches can provide efficient communication and synchronization services to ensure that distributed structures function properly. Thus, the Tethernet switch plays an important role in connecting and forwarding network traffic, and is highly prescriptive in the application of artificial intelligence.
Model data processing, high-speed transmission, low-delay communication, and distributional architecture all play an important role, and rapid human-intelligence development will drive the demand for Ethernet switches. Global Ethernet exchanges (ports) produced 854 million goods each year, an increase of 12.2% over the previous year.
The net exchange market was of the size of $44 billion, an increase of 17.0 per cent over the previous year, with Cisco, Hua, arista, Xinhua, Xinhua, Hewlett-Packard, 41.1 per cent, 10.0 per cent, 9.6, 5.4 per cent and 5.1 per cent of the top five market shares, with 5.1 per cent being directly supplied by the odm manufacturer.
The number of deliveries will reach 884 million, corresponding to 0.7 per cent in 22-27 cagr; the global market size of the Ethernet exchange is expected to reach $53.8 billion in 2027 and 4.1 per cent in 22-27 cagr.
The company is a leading provider of global cloud computing servers, benefiting from the demand for arithmetic well blow-out, industrial cloud-based computing, which continues to be the world’s number one, and aaigc-based blow-out demand. The global market for servers is expanding rapidly, and corporate cloud computing and products such as corporate servers, storage units, etc. are well on the global front.
Pre-status: 1,454,000 (yoy+9.5 per cent) of company servers and zero components sold in 2022, 32.1 million (yoy+9.3 per cent) of high cloud service equipment, and 32.1 million (yoy+9.3 per cent) of sophisticated agency items sold. In 2022, the company launched a new generation of cloud computing infrastructure solutions, including modular servers, efficient operation (hpc) and so on, focusing on addressing the continuing fires due tochatgpt.
The Arithmetic Age opens up a much broader development space for efficient ai servers. In terms of product innovation, companies continue to strengthen their research and development capabilities, with modularized products and a new generation of advanced cooling technologies, and so on.
In modularization, in October 2022, the company launched its first global dc_mhs server; the company's ebof repository supports distributed data centre structures and is more advantageous in terms of ventilation, evasive heat and efficiency utilization; and the company's new generation of liquid cold technologies is also applied to the latest Hpc accelerator.
On May 29th, the founder and ceo Wong In-hoon announced that the one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one.
Global 5g development into fast lanes, 5g infrastructure building continues to accelerate the global 5g network business process. According to gsa, by the end of December 2022, 243 operators in 96 countries had opened 5g commercial services globally, compared to 2021 (200 shipments in 78 countries).
The country's 5g network has almost completed its out-of-town coverage. According to the Ministry of Trade and Communications, by the end of November 2022, the country had a cumulative total of 2,287 million base stations, accounting for more than 60% of the world's 5g base stations.
In order to achieve the goal of deep network coverage, operators actively promoted the collection of 5g base stations, and in January 2022, Chinese telecommunications officially launched the 5g extended base.
(c) Cpe (customer end equipment, customerpremiseequipment) is wireless.
Networking can serve as a signal relay, with global mobile broadband market sizes of $5,839 billion (yoy+41.3%) in 2022 according to ihs data, projected to reach $27,151 million in 2026, and 5g personal market sizes continuously expanding.
Globally, 5g users reached 853 million, representing an increase of 113.5 per cent, with a penetration rate of 10.5 per cent among mobile users and 59.8 per cent among 5g users in my country. According to idc data, in 2022, 5g mobile phones delivered 638 million worldwide, with a penetration rate of 52.9 per cent.
11.31 billion cities, with a penetration rate of 83.7 per cent, have been built at full speed, and the router market has continued to grow. As of the end of October 2022, 110 cities had reached the standard of 1,000 megacities.
The number of fixed broadband subscribers with access rates of 91.75 million, 2.7 times the size of late 2021, reached a cross-cutting development. The global router market continued to expand, with a global router market of $17.926 billion in 2022, based on idc data, driven by the construction of “Giga City” and the construction of 5g infrastructure.
3.9 per cent long, market size is expected to reach $20.397 billion in 2027, corresponding to 2.6 per cent cagr.
According to idc data, Apple applewatch produced 4.38 million shipments in 2022, an increase of 12.9% over the same period; its middle-highest-ranking number, Applewatchultra, produced 4,435.5 million shipments, which were approved by consumers.
Watchultra is a product of the Apple’s first-time installation of air-grade titanium alloy structures with high strength, tolerance, corrosivity, high heat tolerance, light weight, etc., and is expected to be widely used in high-end consumer electronics. The smartphone market is entering the stock competition phase, and apples are expected to use titanium in the iphone 15 series.
Alloy box. According to idc data, 1,206 million smartphones came out of the world in 2022 (youy - 11.3%), and idc is expected to return to 1,351 million smartphones in 2027, corresponding to 2.3% cagr in 22-27, and the smartphone market is entering the stock competitive phase.
21.7% (yoy+1.7pct) of the market share is 1st, apples 18.8% (yoy+1.4pct) of the market value 2nd, and millet, oppo, vivos 12.7%, 9.5% and 8.2% of the municipalities respectively are 3-5 places.
As the demand for household digitization increases, consumer awareness of home intelligence and convenience increases, pushing the demand for smart home devices. According to idc, global output of smart home equipment increased from 341 million in 2016 to 719 million in 2022 (cagr: 13.3%). idc expects global intelligence in 2027.
Domestic equipment will reach 1,001 million, corresponding to 6.8 per cent in 22-27 years of cagr, including home safety surveillance, smart lighting, smart sound boxes, smart temperature control, video entertainment, cagr (22-27 years) respectively.
With more technology such as artificial intelligence, object networking, cloud computing, and big data, more functionality will be integrated into smart home devices, and 5g+alot will be able to innovate in intelligent home products. Companies focus on digitization, 5g infrastructure, and three major applications for intelligent families.
It has its own technological advantages in such smart terminals as core web clouding, fwa, and 5g mobile phones, as well as in the areas of massivemimo and 5g+ verticals. The company currently has head-to-head customers in the service market, covering areas such as mobile base devices, smart homes, consumer electronics, industrial Internet, new energy vehicles, etc.
The product mix has evolved into an overall 5g end-to-end solution, including 5g broadband equipment, 5g smart mobile terminal structures, operator-level servers, and infrastructure areas. With regard to enterprise network equipment, companies have a leading client group of over 50% of the global market.
High Ethernet speed, high-efficiency cloud computing, physical networking and the rise of data centres have made it necessary for operators to continue to expand their reach, increase their bandwidth to meet more user-end requirements, and to continuously upgrade the size of ip web products such as switches, routers, etc. As cloud-type services increase, businesses are increasingly demanding safety, and web safety products are also needed.
In the area of wireless network equipment, the company owns 5g and wifi6/6e core technology, and is currently deepening the layout of the company’s wifi 7 products. In 2022, the company released the minimum size of 5gr 16 global module products and market initiatives.
Wifi6 integrates products such as routers, covering end-to-end 5g solutions, 5g+smart travel, 5g+smart business, 5g+smart home, etc. In the case of smart homes and industrial-related products, companies work with clients to develop home surveillance, entertainment sound, and other markets.
Products such as smart sound create more complete smart family solutions. In addition, company-related packages of industrial-related products include energy efficiency, energy management, etc., and will work with clients to expand industrial applications of customer product lines to help businesses achieve low-carbon environmental objectives.
In the market for smart mobile terminals and apparel devices, companies focus mainly on high-end, sophisticated institutions, service market leaders, brand customers, and use them to work closely with clients to invest in new materials, products, and course research, continuous progress in the transformation of intelligent manufacturing, digital control, efficient automation, and increasing their competitiveness.
In the future, the company will continue to expand its customers’ product lines, consolidate and expand the market for high-end smart phones, model and automating, robotic markets, while exploring electric cars, new materials, semiconductors, medical devices, and devices.
The dynamic growth of the industrial Internet, the rapid release of the lighthouse effect, the shift of the digital economy towards high-quality development, the continued growth of domestic expenditures for digital transformation, and the fact that our digital economy accounts for a lower share of the gdp than in high-income economies, have much room for improvement.
With the new technological and industrial revolution going on, the digital economy has become one of the most dynamic, innovative and most radioactive economic patterns of the day, one of the core growth poles of our economy. In 2022, 14.2 per cent of our economy rose to 41.5 per cent. But our digital economy accounts for a share of the gdp compared to the United States, Germany, and the United Kingdom.
The policy supports the shift of the digital economy to high-quality development and accelerates the process of digital convergence. The party’s 20th report stresses the need to “strength up the digital economy and promote the deep integration of the digital economy and the real economy” and further elaborates on the digital economy’s transformation.
The 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan states that, by 2025, the digital economy will have reached a full expansion period, with the core industries of the digital economy adding 10% to the value of gdp. On 27 February 2023, the Central and State Council issued Digital China.
The plan for building the overall layout proposes that by 2025 there will be basically a horizontal, vertical, coordinated and strong integration drive, and that significant progress will be made in building digital China; by 2035, the level of digital development will be at the forefront of the world, and the construction of digital China will have made significant achievements.
In 2022, the size of China’s ict expenditure will rise by 1.0% to 3.55 trillion yuan. The digital transformation is becoming an important driver of China’s ict (information and communications technology) market development, with many provinces and cities introducing incentives to digitize the transition, driving the digital transformation of government and business, leading to an increase in ict spending.
The size of China’s annual expenditures will rise by 1.0% to 3.55 trillion yuan. The digital economy is now listed as an important engine of economic growth in our country, promoting a deep integration of the digital economy and the real economy. New infrastructure will move from the exploratory phase to a large-scale extension phase, and the development of new industries will also generate an important boost for growth.
China ' s digitized transition expenditure is expected to reach 4.4 trillion yuan in 2026, or 4.8 per cent in 21-26, and China ' s digitized transition expenditure will reach $381.4 billion in 2023, an increase of 18.5 per cent. According to idc, China ' s digitized transition expenditure in 2022 was $32.18 billion (Yoy+14.5 per cent). idc projected for mid-2023.
National digitized transformation spending will reach $381.4 billion, an increase of 18.5 per cent over the same period, representing 70.3 per cent of all corporate ict expenditure, well above 51.4 per cent globally, and idc expects China ' s digitized transformation expenditure to reach $75.4 billion in 2027 (18.5 per cent in 22-27 cagr), with cagr of hardware, services and software spending.
The industrial Internet, which is the basis for the development of the digital economy, is a source of industrial innovation, and the future business opportunities are huge. According to the Ministry of Information and Technology, in 2022, the core industry of the industrial Internet in our country was more than 1.2 trillion yuan.
The industrial Internet has been growing 15.5% over the same period in 31 industrial sectors, including raw materials, consumer goods, equipment, etc., covering 45 broad categories of the national economy, creating digital support services for the entire industrial chain, such as R & D, production, manufacturing, marketing, and management.
Smart factories have become hubs for manufacturing transformation. The 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan, issued by the State Council, states that 45% of the country's industrial Internet platform will be available by 2025.
Forty-five broad categories of the national economy are included in the Government's report on its work. On 30 June 2020, the Committee for Comprehensive and Deepening Reforms considered the adoption of the Guidance for Deepening the New Generation of Information Technology and Integrated Manufacturing Development, which proposed that the pace of digitization, networking and intelligence in manufacturing should be further accelerated and that “China” should be accelerated.
Intelligent manufacturing has become an important enabler for the transformation of manufacturing and the acceleration of high-quality manufacturing development, while smart factories, as the hub and core of manufacturing transformation, are favoured by firms. Figure 56: Size and rate of growth of the core industrial Internet industry in China
Figure 57: Construction priorities for the digital/intelligent transformation of enterprises. Companies are leading the global digital economy, continuing to promote the Lighthouse Pilot Scheme. Industrial wealth unions are the leading digital economy firms in the world.
In 2022, Forbes rated the “China Digital Economy 100” as the seventh largest in the electronics sector. In the area of the industrial Internet, companies have deposited a one-stop digitalized service transformation capability and a whole-of-the-scenes product system.
In the future, the company will continue to promote the Lighthouse Leaders program, which will help the industry’s Internet operations move forward and contribute to digital economic development.
By looking for examples of digital transformations in manufacturing, the Lighthouse Network summarizes the methodological path behind these best practices, making it a living story of the transformation of lighthouse plants for other manufacturing enterprises, and ultimately a guide for thousands of manufacturing firms to cross the digital divide. As of October 2022, the world was a whole country.
There are 114 lighthouse plants, located in 28 countries and regions, and 22 sub-manufacturing industries. The company based on its intellectual power and data base, gave six lighthouse plants, of which the Industrial Union is rich in Shenzhen as a “lighthouse plant” for the world’s first precision metal processing area, which has accelerated the pace of import of 29% of new products.
A 50 per cent increase in the volume of production uphills, a 56 per cent reduction in poor rates and a 30 per cent savings in manufacturing costs.” Against the backdrop of a dramatic increase in the need for arithmetic in the training and reasoning of large language models, the global server market is expected to continue to grow rapidly, while the i server will accelerate penetration.
The core server provider for cloud computing and the British Weddaai server will benefit from the blowout demand. We expect the company ' sai server revenue to grow by 103.0 per cent/53.0 per cent/35.0 per cent in the year 2023-2025. Communications and mobile network equipment: operating income from corporate communications and mobile network equipment in 2020-2022
Okay: 1) Global 5g development into fast lanes and the global 5g infrastructure market continues to grow in size; 2) High-end smartphones, smart watch appearances and structures are switched to titanium alloys, stimulating user demand for change of machine, and driving corporate communications and mobile network equipment to collect $3344.82.3712.50/40388 million, respectively, at the same rate.
At the same time, the industrial Internet is the basis for the development of the digital economy and a source of innovation for enterprises to upgrade their production. Companies are the leading digital economy firms in the world, and will continue to push forward the lighthouse.
Planner, Internet operations in the support industry, we're looking at 23-25, and we're looking at the sensitivity of the company's 2023 ps for cloud computing and the Māori rate for cloud computing, which increases the growth rate of cloud computing operations by 5.0 pct over the original value of 20.6%.
We have chosen to do the same 30-strategy, Thai-sense, blues, intelligence, long, sophisticated, as well as the same wave of information about cloud computing, and Heikang, also focused on the digital economy, as a comparable company.
Accurate communications: The company provides solutions for high-speed interconnections, acoustics, radio frequency antennas, wireless charging, seismic motors, telecommunications base-station-related products, as well as a system manufacturer of smart clothing, smart home-based products, with a complete global layout, internationalized production, marketing and R & D capability.
Stewardship: Research and development of semiconductors and new electronic components in the company ' s semiconductor business section: Development and manufacture of smart end products in the product integration business section; Development and manufacture of optical modules in the primary business of the company ' s semiconductor business section.
LanthyTech: The company is a global smart equipment window and skin protection, structural and electronics industry High-technology manufacturing enterprise that operates primarily in the production, matching and assembly of glass, sapphire, ceramics, metals, plastics, touch control groups, biometrics, acoustics and other visual structures and functional components.
Ingenuity: The company's main business covers materials, sophisticated functional and structural components, modules and the whole industry chain of operations, and products are widely used in the areas of consumer electronics, new energy vehicles, clean energy, medical care, 5g communications and network of goods.
The company is a small-scale manufacturing enterprise that develops, manufactures, sells, produces, produces, manufactures, produces, produces, produces, produces, develops, develops, and integrates, of smart terminal mobile phones, new energy vehicles, zero components, industrial robots and automated systems. Wave information: The company is China’s leading cloud computing, big data service provider and covers cloud data centres and data centres.
Industry groups such as cloud services big data, smart cities, smart businesses, etc., offer their products and services to several countries and regions around the world in a comprehensive manner to meet government and business information needs.
Soft and hard integration, cloud-side integration, trust integration, and intelligence-intelligent connection are listed as soft and hardware products. We see that companies, as leading providers of global cloud computing servers, benefit from a global wave of booms and an outbreak of demand for arithmetic, and that the construction of 5g infrastructure around the world continues to advance and intelligent people live.
The spread of equipment has led to the growth of corporate communications and mobile network equipment, and the company's continued promotion of the lighthouse pilot, calculated on the basis of more assumptions, has incorporated a number of subjective judgements:1 This may be due to optimism about the company's estimated growth in revenue and profits over the next three years, leading to a bias in the ps values over the next three years.
High, leading to an optimistic valuation risk; 2. We have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company's business and obtained reasonable ranges of company valuations through a pe valuation, if the overall market risk preferences change, the valuation hub adjust downwards, the public
In a profit scenario, we see companies as leading global cloud computing server providers whose cloud computing business has benefited from the rise in the global wave and the surge in arithmetic demand, and the continued growth in global 5g infrastructure.
The growth of corporate communications and mobile network equipment, driven by the spread of smart home devices, looks forward to the company's continued promotion of the Lighthouse Pilot Scheme and its benefits from the robust growth of the digital economy and the industrial Internet. We anticipate that downstream demand will fall short of the expected risks. The company's products are mainly oriented towards cloud and edge computing, industrial Internet, intelligence.
The areas of homeability, 5g and network communication equipment, smart phones and smart apparel equipment, among which the emergence of large modelai, the construction of 5g infrastructure, and the digital transformation of enterprises, have had a more pronounced boost to the growth of company performance, with risks of less than anticipated innovation in the relevant markets and less than expected demand from customers.
2. Risks of relative concentration of customers. The company’s combined operating income for the first five clients is relatively high, with relatively concentrated customers. If future demand falls for major customers, market share falls for major customers, or there is a significant change in competitive position, or the company’s cooperative relationship with major customers changes, the company will
Faced with risks such as reduced or lost orders from major clients, which in turn have a direct impact on the company’s production and business performance, and have a negative impact on the company’s economic performance.3 Risks of offshore operations. Companies are deployed on a global basis in line with the needs of major customers.
Production, marketing and logistics to respond quickly to the product delivery needs of major customers have established offshore production and marketing services in South-East Asia, North America, and Europe.
Unforeseen factors, such as easy sanctions or other force majeure, may have a potentially negative impact on the normal development and sustainability of the company’s operations abroad.4 Risk management, operations and subsidiaries.
Business-specific. The company’s broad coverage of its main business and the number of subsidiaries will result in economic loss and risk to the company if the company mismanages its wholly owned and controlled subsidiary, resulting in a decision-making error on the part of the relevant subsidiary in terms of business operations, outward investment, etc.
China’s manufacturing enterprises have historically experienced varying degrees of “work-in waste” as a result of population ageing, structural transformation of the economy, and rising urban livelihoods. If “work-out” continues to occur in the future, companies will face such risks as insufficient manpower and limited capacity.
The electronics sector is closely linked to macroeconomics and vulnerable to fluctuations in international and regional trade.
Changes in the environment will have a direct impact on the country’s and the region’s end-of-consumption levels, and consequently on the needs of clients, leading to a decline in the company’s operating income, among other things. List of tariff increases.
The main raw materials needed for the manufacture of electronics by companies are printed circuit boards (pcb), zero components, integrated circuit boards (ic), glass, metal materials, plastics, etc.
Material purchases represent a high proportion of the company ' s main operating costs, and if future prices of major raw materials continue to increase substantially and companies are unable to transfer the increased procurement costs downstream in a timely manner, the cost control and production budget arrangements of the company will be significantly affected, which in turn may have a negative impact on the profitability of the company.
4. Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Companies operate in countries and regions with multiple different currencies in overseas markets, while the Department ' s operating income is mostly settled in non-Kenn (United States dollar) currencies, with exchange rate risks arising mainly from foreign currency exposure and exchange rate fluctuations arising from sales, procurement, and financing. The risks associated with exchange rate fluctuations will be reflected.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject