I don't want to see a net profit increase, I want to make an overall change in profit.
Ripping: outperform weiminyu tongxinyang
On the one hand, companies continue to strengthen the core competitiveness of “high-end smart manufacturing + industrial Internet” and, on the other hand, expand the broad business layout around “big data” and “robots”.
High-performance i-server H100 and h800, produced in British Weida, the company kept the city in the lead for long periods of time in the global server market, and the company continued to appreciate the growth prospects of the i-server and was accelerating the development of the next generation of i-servers, as well as the expansion of mobile servers, peripheral servers, space Internet operations.
New areas, such as servers. 2) Communications mobile network equipment and high-end sophisticated structure software operations, with products such as 23h1 public data centre, enterprise network, wireless network equipment and terminal precision structures continuously growing, with 23h1 high-speed switches and high-speed routers growing by 70% and 95%, respectively.
The 400g switch is growing rapidly, while the 800g switch product for major customers has entered the npi (import of new products) and is expected to contribute 23h2 and be released from 24th year.3 Industrial Internet, which currently covers ten major industries such as electronic manufacturing, new energy vehicles, etc.
For more than 1,500 businesses, companies have been involved in the construction of six lighthouse plants, more than 10 automated digitally connected to intelligent plants, and have successfully built the world’s first sophisticated metal-processing lighthouse workers with improved profitability as a whole. 23h1, thanks to the explosion of arithmetic demand and the continuous optimization of product structures.
The profit level has risen significantly. The company ' s Māori ratio of 23h1 (+0.67 pct) is 7.17%, with server Māori rising continuously, with 25% increase in the same year; NPV of 23h1 is 3.46% (+0.41 pct). • Tzegen China, for the world.
The new investment project in Henanjisu began production in 23h1, and the company continued to promote investment projects in Shenzhen, Zheangzhou, Zhejiang Shaheing, etc., as well as to speed up the deployment of semiconductors, new energy vehicles, and storage energy through investments and the creation of industrial funds.
Companies continue to optimize their overseas configuration to better meet customer needs.