23h1 sharper than non-net profit growth, i applied continuous warming Investment rating: increase (first) ring growth of 28.93%; achievement of single-quarter deduction of net non-mortality profit of $4.330 billion, year-on-year increase
• The net return on exchange of 23h1 from the company has increased somewhat, as a result of the company's net profit on 23h1 from the company's parent has increased slightly over the same period, mainly because the company has achieved a significant exchange gain (approximately $1,094 million). At the same time, the company's non-recurring gain and loss on 23h1 is approximately $375 million
The main reason for this is to reduce the exchange rate risk associated with the operation. Risk management by companies through foreign exchange forward contracts and currency swap contracts has led to fair value changes in the contracts, resulting in losses of approximately 978 million, but other items such as government subsidies (approximately 442 million yuan)
In the field of deep-deep farming, the associated income is expected to benefit from rising demand for arithmetic and sustained growth.
The company has ahead-of-the-board technology and product layouts in the one server area, and maintains a close partnership with the world's top customers, the big calculators, who have developed and produced high-performance capabilities such as H100 and H800 for Weida.
al Server. 23h1, company optimized through product restructuring, with a significant increase in profitability and a 25% increase in server Maori. At the same time, company 400g swaps are growing rapidly, and 800g switch products for major clients are entering npi.
(New product imports), expected to contribute revenue from 23h2 and be released as of 2024, to boost corporate performance. • Create an innovative development model for a lighthouse factory plus a digital manufacturing platform to sustain the industrial Internet
The country's 14th Five-Year Plan sets the direction for a new journey towards new industrialization, and the industrial network is given higher expectations. The company has created a new lighthouse + digital manufacturing platform.
The development model, using the Lighthouse Plant as a pole for industrial 4.0 technology integration applications, combines industrial Internet platform technology for rapid replication and exploration of a path suitable for fast-scale transformation of group-type enterprises.
Tower Plant, more than 10 automated digitally connected smart plants, and successfully built the world’s first precision metal-processing lighthouse plant.
One cloud computing, one server, industrial Internet multi-area development. Corporate products include mainly cloud computing, communications and mobile network equipment, and industrial Internet operations. Corporations are the world’s leading high-end intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet solutions service providers, and their main business includes cloud computing, communications.
Letters and mobile network equipment, industrial Internet. Among them, corporate cloud computing and communications and mobile network equipment operations account for a larger share, accounting for about 99 per cent of the total over 22 years.2 The digital economy moves towards high-quality development, accelerating its depth with the real economy
2.1 Focus on the layout of the one server, which drives the development of a liquid cold server, the ari-calculation explosion, which drives the growth in the need for cloud computing infrastructure such as ai server, hpc. With the introduction of Chatgpt, the big one is a big one. The realization of the big one is composed of three main elements: large.
Arithmetic, multi-data, strong algorithms. As model parameters grow exponentially, the need for arithmetic demand rises significantly, and the volume of cargo from the year-on-year-on-the-year servers (including loads of gpu, fpga, asic, etc.) is estimated to be close to 1.2 million, the annual rate of increase is nearly 38 per cent, and the volume of ai chips is expected to grow at 50 per cent.
The radiator module's specifications were upgraded to meet the server's stringent requirements for evaporation and stability, moving the radiator from “air cooling” to “liquid cooling”. “air cooling” is the exchange of heat through air, and the technology programme is very good at treating it with cooling equipment.
Understanding coupling allows the cooling system to be diversified, but due to smaller air than heat, volume flow is limited by the size of the server's vent and the ability to change heat. “Liquid cooling” is done by cooling liquids, contacting the heat source, with cooling, immersion and spray.
In a time when global servers are expanding rapidly, corporate cloud computing and products such as corporate servers, storage, etc. are steadily leading the world. Companies insist on continuous product innovation, technological innovation, and further strengthening research and development.
The Division launched its first global dc_mhs server in October 22; a new generation of liquid cold technologies was also applied to clients in the latest Hpc accelerator. Meanwhile, the company began to develop and produce high-performance ai servers for clients in 23 years, with high-performance e.g. HH100 and h800. The company ' s cloud game server has also been officially delivered since March 23.
So, the company will continuously upgrade the investment in i-server research and development, optimize the product structure, and lead the development of the i-track.
2.25 g and wifi have continued to break through technology, leading to warmer demand for communications and mobile network equipment, and high-precision institutional revenues. As the market recovers, global cellular output may be warming. 23H1, although the impact of the epidemic is already small.
At the same time, inflation and global economic uncertainty have reduced consumption demand recovery. 23h2, as the economic environment improves, the global smartphone market is expected to rebound somewhat, and the trend will continue into 24 years, with the smartphone market recovering. idc expects global smartphone output to reach 24 years.
1,263 million units, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period, built and expanded the market for high-end smart phones by deepening the fabric of smartphones and high-precision institutions. In 2022, the company gained the world ' s core competitiveness by relying on smart phones and high-precision institutions with high-precision equipment.
Companies, as high-precision metal structures/high-molecular conglomerates, such as middle frame mobile phones, are expected to grow as mobile demand recovers. In the future, companies will continue to expand their customer product lines, consolidate and expand the market for high-end smartphones.
By the end of the year, the world's advanced countries had initially completed the first 5g commercial network, with a total global deployment of more than 3.64 million base stations, an increase of 72 per cent over 2021 (211.5 million), with 5g network covering 33.1 per cent of the world's population.
Of these, China’s 5g base stations total 23.12 million, or 63.5 per cent of the world’s total. By the end of 2023, 5g investment operators are expected to reach 550, and by 2030, there will be more than 640 commercial 5g network operators, and 5g will cover almost all countries and regions of the world.
Figure 8 Size and forecast of the 5g communications market in China (in billions of yuan) Figure 7 Global deployment of 5g base stations (in thousands) Wifi technology is constantly evolving and wifi6/6e/7 is rapidly developing.
The market for wifi6 started in 2019 and grew rapidly in 2020 and 2022. According to iotbusinessnews, 2022.
By 2027, Wifi6 and Wifi7 will account for about two thirds of the wifi market. 6 ghzwifi6e and wifi7 will grow from 4.1% in 2022 to deepen enterprise wifi7 product layout by 2027. With global digitization, 5g infrastructure and smart households, demand will rise.
In terms of corporate network equipment, companies have more than 50% of the world's leading client groups, and have core technologies such as 5g and wifi6/6/e/7, and new ones such as the “Industrial space” as companies continue to grow.
The strategic layout of the area, as well as the upgrading of the enterprise ' s digital infrastructure and the rapid growth of cloud applications, are expected to lead to a sustained increase in revenue from the related operations of the Division in the future.
2.2.3 The prevalence of smart homes is increasing, demand continues to grow, full-blown intelligence breaks out, and demand for smart homes continues to grow. With the 5g+ era, there will be a steady increase in the availability of smart homes.
US$ 279 billion. We are currently in the period of a full-scale intelligence outbreak in smart households. According to the Ire advisory survey, China’s smart-house market in 2022 was 45,1.7 billion yuan, with a fast growth in the ai attribute smart class, represented by smart cameras, smart door locks.
Home-based products will be empowered with greater learning and information-processing capabilities, more intelligent interactive technologies, and the industry as a whole will continue to gain new opportunities for development. Given the increased penetration of smart households, corporate smart households will grow rapidly in terms of income from products related to them.
In addition, the company’s industry is involved in the production and delivery of smart home products.
Products include energy efficiency, energy management, etc., and will work with clients to expand the industry ' s application of customer product lines to enable enterprises to achieve low-carbon environmental objectives.
2.3 The industrial Internet is a key building block of the fourth industrial revolution, and the Chinese industrial Internet platform and application solutions continue to grow. The industrial Internet is a new foundation for the integration of new generations of information technologies with the deep economic depth of industry.
The application, application models and industrial ecology provide the means for the digital transformation of industry and even industry, showing a dynamic and broad outlook. idc projects that the market for industrial Internet platforms and applications in China will reach $5.61 billion by 2025, and 2021-2025, driven by the continuing and deepening digital transformation of enterprises.
The development of the industrial Internet has accelerated the release of the value of the lighthouse capacity. The company has developed an innovative development model for the lighthouse plant plus the digital manufacturing platform, using the lighthouse plant as a beacon for industrial integration applications of 4.0 technologies.
In conjunction with the rapid replication of industrial Internet platform technology, a path is being explored for the fast-scale transformation of conglomerates. At present, companies have been involved in building six “lighthouse plants”, more than 10 automated, digitally connected smart plants, and successfully built the world’s first sophisticated metal-processing lighthouse.
The lighthouse pilot program will continue to be advanced to promote the release of lighthouse capacity. Chart 15, a new case for the new 2022 lighthouse, shows that the industry is not growing as expected, the risk of higher client concentration, exchange rate fluctuations, and the risk of deteriorating competition in the industry.
The Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Investment of the Bolge Foundation, etc., has eight years of buyer experience, the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of this report, the data and information used in this report are from open market information, the accuracy or completeness of which I do not have any assurance, nor any change in the information and advice contained therein.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.