Gore shares (002241.sz) showed significant growth in performance in 2016, with significant transformation gains (including taxes) and 10 shares per 10 shares to all shareholders in the capital pool.
Steady and rapid growth in revenue collection in 2016: in spite of the strategic transformation process, the company sold 41.2 per cent of its sales revenue in 2016, reaching $19.29 billion, and can see a steady increase in the volume of traditional business acoustics, driven by an increase in the volume of goods delivered by downstream customers and by the value of the components used in single bodies.
A healthy growth, while strategies to provide clients with integrated voice and light power solutions within product domains such as smart households, smart sound boxes, games, wearable devices, vr/ar, have yielded good results, with the electronic parts industry growing by more than 100 per cent.
Māori rates have slightly declined and management efficiency has improved: the company ' s overall Māori rate in 2016 was 22.4 per cent, compared with the same year, and the company has experienced a small decline in the cost of all three major operations, with a steady increase in management effectiveness in the context of the expansion of income, resulting in a rapid net profit for the shareholders of the parent company that ultimately belonged to the company.
The future development strategy and business plan of Chai Qingyan: Building on the product line and enhancing competitiveness: The company ' s 2017 performance goal is to focus on smart hardware at the heart of the hearable, wearable, viewable, robotics.
Based on sensors, zero components and precision manufacturing, smart manufacturing, strong zero components, high-finished products, and uplifting Gore’s influence in global consumer electronics. We believe that smart interconnected products, including apparel devices, vr/ar, intelligent home, are the main direction of the future market, while companies move to the relevant business areas.
The transformation strategy within the country is also in line with industry trends, and has been partially validated in terms of business performance in 2016, so we believe that the company has a promising future for development. Corporate sales revenue rose by 41.2% to $19.29 billion in 2016, and the Māori rate was 22.4% lower in 2016.
This is a 31.7 per cent increase in the strategic transformation of the company, which has achieved good results in the sustained expansion of traditional business acoustic components and in the provision of integrated solutions to clients in such product areas as home-based, smart sound boxes, games, wearable devices, vr/ar.
(i) Rapid growth in profits in 2016: corporate sales revenue of RMB 19.29 billion in 2016, an increase of 41.2 per cent over the same year, is at the strategic transformation threshold, further clarifying strategic transformation directions around four main strategic excellences:
In 2016, the net profits of shareholders in listed companies rose by 32.0 per cent, and the net profits per share by $1.08 per cent, the same as the 31.7 per cent increase was slightly less than the increase in the net profits of the company, mainly the profits of the company ' s products during the transition process.
The company ' s Māori rate fell by 2.5 percentage points from the same year to the year 2016, and changes in product structure affected the overall Māori rate as the size of the company ' s orders in the area of electronic parts increased.
In 2016, there was a slight decline in the same ratio. Despite a decline in the combined Māori rate, the scale effect and management efficiency improved, and the company ' s current assets remained larger than current liabilities, with the company ' s interest guarantee multiplier of 22.41 in 2016, and the increase in profitability made public.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the company achieved operating income of $6.68 billion, an increase of 46.6 per cent in the same year, and a net gain attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $6.2 per cent, an increase of 54.9 per cent in the same year.
In the process of smooth growth of major downstream customers and end-markets, firms have achieved faster performance growth during the traditional boom season, which is a sign of increased competitiveness of firms in the industrial chain, continued improvement in scale effects and management effectiveness in the transition process, profitability: operating income and growth rates over the past 12 quarters
Figure 10: Net profit and growth rates over the past 12 quarters Figure 12: Major cost rates over the last 12 quarters Product layout, as the technological strength of the company continues to increase, the share of advanced envelopes increases for companies
The level of Māori in the domestic and foreign markets has played a positive role. In terms of regional market distribution, overseas markets continue to account for a major share of corporate revenue, and are now in the early stages of Europe and the United States, Asia and the Pacific, and the country. (i) Sound devices are growing steadily, and electronic components are growing rapidly.
The company’s main business is electronics and electronic parts. In 2016, 14.6% of the sales of electronics and appliances increased by $1.094 billion, accompanied by an increase in the volume of products delivered by downstream customers and an increase in the value of the acoustic components used in single bodies. The sales of electronics and accessories increased significantly by 1,04.5% to $7.78 billion, with companies passing through “odm”
In the case of product breakdowns of Māori, the Māori ratio for corporate voice and electronic parts operations is the same as 1.1 and 3.8 hundred in the Bixie River, respectively.
The segmentation, increased pressure from market competition, and the continued large-scale effects of firms in the development of new products have led companies to increase their share in the Māori (ii) overseas market, driven by the corporate large-client strategy 22.2 per cent of gross domestic market sales revenue in 2016 and 77.8 per cent of overseas market revenues in 2015, compared with 2015
By comparison, the income share of domestic clients has declined slightly, and the company ' s continued strategy of providing multiple components, devices and overall design of manufacturing processing solutions around the needs of large clients has led to the company ' s expansion of new products mainly from the existing overseas (iii) future development strategies and business plans: product lines continue to expand.
The company's business performance goal in 2017 is to build a strong zero component, make a big product, and constantly improve Gore's influence in the global consumer electronics field, based on sensors, zero components and sophisticated manufacturing, and intelligent manufacturing, with the intelligent hardware at its core:
\triangleright improves the efficiency and quality of market opening and marketing.
Business objectives strengthen profit orientation, leading to a fundamental shift in business models to odm, jdm around how to enhance market resilience and R & D effectiveness. A comprehensive push for incentive management, performance-to-income incentive systems, value creation, value evaluation, and value
\triangleright allocates, pulls and drives strategic implementation; continues to refine and optimize the organization of the company, with clear structures, clear lines of responsibility, matching of authority and responsibility, and functional responsibilities, building and matching
\triangleright’s strategic transformation and high-speed development of the management system.
Products and branding operations, with a rapid increase in revenue and profits.iii. Profit forecasting and investment advice.New end-products from major customers are less than expected; increased market competition affects the profitability of companies; product lines are expanding at a slower pace than expected.