Cost control capacity is high, impairment is hard to cover performance 23/03/2022 \triangleright
Production has been relatively stable, with a significant increase in the ton of Maori. Volume: the company ' s original aluminium production in 2021 amounted to 3.86 million tons, a 4.6 per cent reduction compared to \triangleright, mainly affected by electricity restrictions, with 16.23 million tons of aluminium oxide, an increase of 11.7 per cent over the same period:
In 2021, the company sold 188,000 tons of aluminium, an increase of 36.8 per cent in the same year, 153,000 yuan in the same year and 26.5 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase of 0.15 to 0.52 kw/h in the foreign purchase price; and 3372 yuan in the same year for aluminium oxide, an increase of 21.4 per cent and $2673 in the same year, an increase of 2.6 per cent, mainly due to an increase of 2.6 per cent.
Mar; 699 ton of aluminium oxide, an increase of $405 for the same year, and a significant increase in the number of tons of Maori. The Māori distribution shows a 38% share of aerobic aluminum (mainly because of intra-aluminum oxide sales, which is included in the aluminium oxide plate at market prices), a 45% share of electrolytic aluminium, and 8.7% and 8.4% of trade and energy, respectively.
The three fee rate continues to fall and the impairment lags in performance. The three fee rate continues to fall as the company operates more efficiently, and the \triangleright fee rate for the three fee rate for 2021 is 2.9%.
As energy consumption is less regulated, the company’s capacity utilization will increase, and future impairment losses are expected to decline. Future point: 1) Limited supply of overseas electrolytic aluminium, and better supply and demand patterns in the industry.
\triangleright continues, electrolysis aluminium losses are high, output reductions continue to grow, domestic production recovers as electricity supplies increase, domestic demand expands, high internal and external price differentials are expected to drive exports up, domestic and foreign demand resonance, electrolysis
Aluminium supply and demand patterns have remained constant, with a strong price performance. 2) The company’s industrial chain has been integrated, with clear cost advantages and full benefit from the increase in aluminium prices. The company insists on an integrated aluminium industry chain, with a high self-sufficiency of raw materials, a self-sufficiency rate of about 70% for the company’s bauxite, a self-sufficiency rate of 100% for aluminium oxide, and a self-sufficiency rate of more than 20% for electricity.
The chemical layout helps companies to better manage costs and fully benefit from higher aluminium prices. 3) Domestic power tensions are reduced, recovery increases are provided. The company’s capacity is about 4.5 million tons, its capacity is low, and its recovery will accelerate as the domestic electricity supply increases, and output will increase significantly.
• Investment proposal: The electrolytic aluminium industry has a better pattern and corporate performance will continue to be released as production resumes. I \triangleright not to double 8, 7 and 6 and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.