The impact of the epidemic is limited, and the online strategy continues.
Short-term non-performance has an impact. If the project cannot be completed in a quarter, the company will actively pursue it in follow-up q2 and q3 and implement the project in a timely manner, with little impact throughout the year and no impact on the company’s position in the industry.
The company resumed work in an orderly manner and helped the financial institutions to function properly. On January 27, the deep exchange issued a notice on January 31 that this adjustment would affect the liquidation of almost all user systems. On January 28, 29, the emergency plans for the systems were issued.
In order to ensure the proper functioning of financial institutions, such as securities companies, after the opening of the stock exchange on 3 February, the company resumed work on a duty basis from 3 February to 7 February to ensure that the customer system was operating properly. On 10 February, the company began to move into fully field-based, remote-based office status, which is now expected to take place in February.
q1 net non-repatriate profits have a limited contribution to the year and the impact of the epidemic on the company is manageable. Specifically, the company operated during the epidemic: (1) the company is more efficient in product technology development: (2) the client
Services are barely affected. (3) The testing process was significantly affected at the beginning of the epidemic, and the efficiency of the introduction of new web-based technologies was significantly improved. (4) Marketing: business opportunities are established.
q1 performance has contributed less to the year as measured in calendar years: q1 operating income from 2015 to 2018.
On average, 15.20 per cent of the total and 14.79 per cent of the total net profit from the deduction of non-repatriation.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free trader on the 17th floor of the China-China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with it.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.