q4 net profit is not expected to return, profit end elasticity begins 19/01 2020  after q3 quarter income end acceleration, profit end also starts to show up q4 quarter non-mortality
Net profits are higher than expected. Companies expect non-recurrent gains and losses throughout the year to have an impact on their net profits in the approximate amount, with significant increases in fair value change gains from financial assets held by companies and gains from the disposal of transactional financial assets.
The net profit was 487-538 million yuan, an increase of 71-89 per cent from the previous year; the net profit from non-return to the mother was 457-498 million, the highest increase in the year. Prior to the company’s three-quarter reports, the q3 quarter end of revenue had already started to pick up speed, and we thought it was a new policy of capital-market warmth, stubble preparation, capital management.
Regulatory policies, such as landings, foreign bonders, and so on, are promising. This time, at the profit end, accelerating and exceeding expectations, we believe that the growth of corporate q4 revenues is still expected to accelerate, and that the positive impact of the policy end on both the entry end and the profit end is expected to continue into 2020.
Innovative business continues to break through, and future space is available. In Internet business, companies with a high income share are now mainly concentrated sources, whale tungstens, and clouds, where they develop steadily and grow faster.
Whale totems are still in the strategic input phase, but the losses are narrow, the total effect of the gtn platform in the first half of 2019 is gradually being reflected at the income end, the cost side is growing rapidly, and the number of open platform registrations exceeds 2,000, the openapi service connections.
Controlled 2019-10-29 Continued increase, with a marked rise in revenue; Xiao whale smart Kyc continues to gain market recognition and multiple contracts with financial institutions: camp plus marketing services grew faster and became the middle of 2019.
The “shareholders” jointly organized by the small investment suit have come to an exclusive technology platform. Growth, innovation, sustained breakthroughs.
▪ To fully advance the technological upgrading of the Online technology architecture and build a medium-sized strategy.
The needs of the exhibition, and the formation of a medium-sized strategy with a technology center, data center, and a centre centre of operations, have worked well, and profit elasticity is expected to be sustained and product organization adjusted accordingly, with clear goals for the future of multiple platform-based products and their architecture upgrades.
2019-01-29 The company will step up the construction of the Chinese product line and accelerate the development and up-to-date development of the core product.