Events: The previous company published a performance forecast for 2019, which is expected to result in a net return during the reporting period.
The previous financial statements showed that the company collected $2.3 billion in the first quarter of 20193, a trend that increased at a faster rate than the previous year. The new regulations brought with them a demand for system transformation that continued to expand, while the expected increase in the contribution of the money-and-money subsidiaries led to rapid growth in the management and wealth business.
The main factors behind the rapid upswing in the relative depth of 300 indexes per unit are cost-neutral drivers of profitability and non-operational gains boost performance.
Billions of dollars, (yoy+11.8%), R&D costs of $1.04 billion, (yoy+18.8%), one-quarter fee increases far less than income increases. Companies’ profitability is expected to increase in the event of rapid expansion of revenues and cost-effective scale controls.
The net profit performance has risen significantly, exceeding market expectations. Financial technology is well ahead, and is expected to open up long-term growth space.
The financial science and technology developments are on the rise and companies are leading the way.
To centralize the Paas platform, which was formerly led by the Banking Association of China's Trade and Finance Inter-Strait Transactions, which covered the front line of aaaa capital market, high-level research and development to build a block chain platform that was officially online, with letters of credit and Forfeiting operations supported by hsl, near.
Version 2.0 has also been online. 2) Fanta's chain of ftcu, mainly related to the Internet court, Wang Smin's notary notary, has now supported business scenes such as the contract chain, the private equity chain, etc.
In terms of cloud computing, the recently launched newcloud platform, launched jointly by the company and Aliyun, provides a full-scale cloud solution that accelerates the financial system, with huge market space.
Xu Weibin Investment Recommendations and Profit Forecasts: Companies are now at the forefront of the domestic financial sector, with full product lines and leading innovative business layouts covering large financial institutions.
In the broader context of the deep-seated reform of the former capital markets, companies are fully benefiting from the policy dividend, with both high growth and high elasticity. Moreover, companies have a strong research and development power that can guarantee large-scale commercial technologies with high-frequency and cutting-edge deep excavations, and block chains.
Corporations are expected to build up or open space for new business in the technological field.