Performance forecast, a new round of high growth has started.
According to the company ' s performance forecast for 2019, Hensen Electronic expects to achieve a net profit of about 1,291 million yuan to 1,342 million shareholders in 2019, an increase of 645 million to 697 million in the same year, and an increase of about 697 million in the same year.
\triangleright and the impact of changing fair value gains on financial assets and disposal of transactional financial assets. At the same time, financial market system innovations will continue to progress rapidly and continuously in the year after deduction, looking at 20 years of growth in corporate performance.
The financial markets have continued to deepen their reforms, and the system has set in motion future high growth. \triangleright has continued to deepen its reforms over the past 20 years, bringing about a new round of growth.
Landing, highly selective changes to successive competitive trading mechanisms and equity conversion systems provide incremental space; and the elimination of the foreign equity quota restrictions on bond dealers will result in a large number of financial int system construction orders, companies will provide integrated solutions for Nomura Oriental countries, and companies are expected to expand their customers; in addition, new regulations, mom products, etc.
Financial market reforms free up rising demand from downstream customers, and companies’ operations in Mom products, public fund-raising, financial options, and managing financial subsidiaries have sound integrated solutions that provide strong support for future performance growth. Financial science and technology are actively deployed, and emerging products are on the ground.
The central bank launched the Financial Science and Technology Development Plan, which identifies the way forward in financial science and technology, the company’s active deployment in the fields of cloud computing, ai, and block chains, and the continued landing of emerging products. The recently released newcloud platform, issued by the company in association with Aliyun, provides a fully fledged cloud solution, accelerates the financial system and helps financial institutions.
And as block chain technology progresses into the industry landing cycle, the constant introduction of the Vantaa chain is based on the hsl2.0 technical architecture that helps financial institutions to implement the federal block chain business application, simplifying the flow line.
In the broader context of financial supply-side reforms, the future growth of the financialit business is more certain, while at the same time keeping companies at the center of the financial sector active in financial technology.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Private Securities and the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.