2022: The outbreak disturbed the clinical coronary head, 2903, 2023: Keyword: #Rockback
Mother-to-child net profit of 1,540 million yuan, an increase of 25.01 per cent, operating cash flow of 1,358 million yuan, a decrease of 4.66 per cent in the same year; single-q4 revenues of 1,679 million yuan, a decrease of 7.65 per cent in the same year; and mother-to-child growth in business under the impact of the new crown epidemic, which shows good operational resilience: the master of clinical trials
In the case of hospitals, the impact of some of the clinical pilot projects on the spread of the disease and the decline in the climate for financing medical investments have had some impact on the industry, but the company’s performance has continued to show a relatively strong growth.
The impact of the coronary vaccine project is excessive. 2) Clinical trial-related services and laboratory services received 2,876 million yuan, an increase of 31.12 per cent in the same year, Māori of 1,201 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 32.03 per cent in the same year. The number of  projects continues to be innovative, and the recovery trend in the second half of the year shows a gradual rationalization of the logic of overseas operations:
In the first and second half of the year, companies increased the number of new tube lines in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year, showing a trend towards the recovery of forward-looking indicators, with 40 new clinical research projects in the first half of the year and 73 new in the second half of the year.
In all clinical research projects on drugs, the share of stage ii and stage iii projects was 20%, respectively, right-incentive assessment: clinical cro leads and 24%. In recent years, the company has worked to promote the overseas clinical cro market, outside the company ' s borders in late 2022.
The number of single regions and mrct projects reached 250, an increase of 37% over the same year, and the number of overseas personnel has also increased from 1,426 by the end of 2022, a 39% increase in the same amount, which is consistent with the increase in the number of basic and projects. As the country’s innovative drug pipelines have gone to sea and more overseas drugs are focused on China’s markets, companies are looking at China’s markets.
Teger Medicine (300347), mid-2022, overseas business expansion is on track.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering the increasing number of post-clinical trials at the company, we are expected to accelerate the pre-bed business layout with an increase in the number of new coronary outbreaks that repeatedly affect the intake of the subject.
Three major financial forecasts for Tiger Medicine.