Three-quarter performances of consumer durables and clothing continue to break out, looking at the future of the company, three-quarters of over-expected performance, and the share of autonomous brands continues to rise.
Design, development, production (in the form of commissioning) and marketing of smart hardware such as robots, the main products of which are custom-made brands for millet, "Mimi Smart Sweeper", "Mimi Handheld Wireless Dust", and their own brands "Stony Smart Sweeper" and "Wadji".
q3’s income has not grown as much as profit, mainly because of product restructuring, a gradual reduction in the proportion of substitute workers, a higher profit margin for autonomous brands, January-June 2020, owned by the company.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Sale of 752,980 brand-scaved robots, sales revenue of $1,485 million and collection of 81.12 per cent of stocks, mainly stock for the fourth quarter of the year, 11, black 5 and Christmas.
As a result, q3 accounts receivable decreased significantly, by 60.54 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the decrease in accounts receivable for the second quarter of the current period for rice rock technology (688169).
The recovery and further increase in the proportion of autonomous brands q3 showed a combined company q3 Māori rate of 54.76 per cent, an increase of 7.76 ptt over the same year, as a result of an increase in the Māori ratio of autonomous brands.
The irobot is over-expected in three quarters and the overseas market is warming back.
Reasons include good sales trends, expected demand for the upcoming holiday season, new orders to support some client activity, and strong direct sales growth. Subregion: America’s performance is bright, US market revenues increased by 75% in the third quarter of 2020, Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
Technology-based companies continue to improve the multi-dimensional layout of channels, technologies, products, etc.) Channels: in the domestic market, companies continue to enrich product types, continue to produce multi-positioned products to cover price segments; and continue to expand market influence through new products, and
On the one hand, companies are increasing their own branding and promotion, and are trying to work with well-known domestic philanthropy programmes, power-market platforms. In overseas markets, companies focus on the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia, taking advantage of potential market size and high value for money products.
The Division is building a global distribution network to cover established countries and regions, as well as underserved and undeveloped markets where there is a strong demand. At the same time, companies are gradually setting up in major overseas markets.
Establishment of local branches and offices to enhance market position and provide better after-sales services, companies have now established offshore companies in the United States, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, etc.) Talent: in team building, companies have further deepened the link between external recruitment and in-house development.
The depth of convergence has accelerated the storage of high-end people in various fields, including product R & D, marketing, etc., and further increased recruitment of R & D personnel, such as software, hardware, and professional, skilled marketing personnel. 3) Products: the company continues to follow the path of technological innovation by launching two floor sweep machines in the second quarter.
Humans 7 and t 7pro. Adding artificial intelligence modules to t7pro significantly enhances the intelligence of soil sweeper robots. In the development of commercial clean robot products, this project is mainly based on the company ' s existing capabilities in home-based smart sweep robotics and research and development.
Development of testing sites and hardware and software research and development equipment, expansion of research and development teams to form a commercial clean robot production development system, development of smart clean robots for commercial markets, taking advantage of the market.
The creation of intelligent operating links between the user and smart-scanding robots, other things networking devices enhances the user’s ease of viewing and operating online product information in real time.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.