We are aware that the idc business increase will coincide with a number of large-scale idc projects, which are expected to start on September 16th, 2022.
In the meantime, the Long Triangle has planned a total of 20,000 cabinets for the digital technology centre at the highest/minimum (mixed) level for nearly 12 months, and a total of 105,000 cabinets for the Bo cloud for the five phases.
The Maysan base plans 7,000 cabinets. In addition, there is a saddle mountain, a martial steel data centre project, which is expected to be released quickly, along multiple lines. We combine multiple messages like company announcements, civil news, etc., and now we have a circulation capital (million shares) for the Treasure News software.
In the next two to three years, the build-up of the epidemic will be 30.2% of the size of the country's data centre market, and the pace of growth will be generally robust. Arithmetic is the cornerstone of the digital economy, and cutting edges such as chhatgpt will open up more demand gaps.
As the gpt-3 model matures, chhatgpt's performance refreshs the industry's perception of the ai, and as the language changes a breakthrough that compares company prices to 300 deep trends, other areas and scenes are expected to fall faster. At the same time, the data show that
Chatgpt's total power consumption is about 36.40 pf-days, and a data centre with a total investment of $3 billion can sustain about 500 p numeracy needs, and it can be deduced that a project like that inchatgpt requires about seven idc projects to support it.
Demand for numeracy in data centres will directly stimulate marginal changes in the idc market. Further, due to the relatively limited capacity of domestic gpu and ai to accelerate calculus and single-card computing, idc invests in leveraging electric power endowments in the metallurgical industry to demonstrate the strategic advantage of idc.
The idc project has natural high energy consumption and high heat evaporation requirements, and a considerable number of large-scale projects require water cooling and heat exchange equipment, as well as the preparation of diesel generators to supplement the power supply. This requires perfect alignment with the remodelling of the old steel plant and adequate utilization of large quantities of existing energy consumption targets, electrical equipment and surrounding hydrological conditions.
It's the Treasure Cloud Base, which has been remodeled by the Bore Steel plywood plant. At the same time, we can do this through peer matching, subject to capital spending, idc companies often have positive operating cash flows and negative free cash flows, and boon software, because of the diversity of its business, is prominent in these two financial indicators and has a higher profile.
Safe margin and energy space to provide escorts for the timely delivery and landing of projects. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Due to time delay, high value added, such as heat data, is still sensitive to physical distance, while land resources, electricity and hydraulic indicators in the vicinity of the first line of cities impose cost pressures and entry thresholds on the idc enterprise, where the Treasure has a certain field advantage.
The implementation opinion on the promotion of a healthy and orderly development of the city's data centre suggests that by the end of the “14th Five-Year Plan, Shanghai Markets will have been built to achieve a total capacity of around 280,000 standard plane sizes, with an average landing rate of 85 per cent, with an arithmetic capacity of more than 14,000 pflops, and the Treasure letter, as a head enterprise, is expected to yield full benefits in this planning.
At the same time, policies related to the Chinese economy have planned and imposed restrictions on the accelerator rate and the pue (energy consumption indicators). On the one hand, the new Treasure Letter, the five-dimensional value release, is known.
On the other hand, Bo-Sin's North base is also active in water cooling, residual heat recovery, photovoltaic plus storage technology, and improving its pue.
q3 Profit Releases meet expectations, long-term robust growth, Bosin software as a leader in a number of areas in the country, such as iron and steel informatics, industrial software, idc and the industrial Internet.
Businesses are expected to benefit in the long term from structural changes on the supply side of the steel industry, “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality”, key ring autonomy, and a certain trend towards accelerated digital transformation of industries in all areas of the country. Companies are too strong and in many high-quality races, with high visibility and certainty for future growth. We expect Treasure 2022-
The risk of disruption in the implementation and deployment of the operation, Quote: We are aware of the new Treasure II: Idc incremental time-limited Logic I: multiple large Idc projects go hand in hand, and the volume of operations is expected to increase.
On September 16th, 2022, Bo Yunhua North Base began work, with a total project size of 20,000 8kw cabinets, located within the framework of the family data centre cluster at the Jingjin node of the “East and West” engineering project. Meanwhile, the Long Triangle Digital Technology Center has a total of 20,000 cabinets, Bo's 5 phases have a total plan of 105,000 cabinets, and Bo's Mae San Ki.
In addition, there are the saddlemount, the martial steel data centre project, which is expected to be released quickly. We combine multiple messages such as company announcements, civil news, projections of the number of idc cabinets that are now built and planned (see main text) and, over the next two to three years, the negative impact of the epidemic on the progress of construction.
From 2017 to 2021, the market size of the country’s data centers was 30.2%, with a generally robust pace of growth. Logic two: computing is the cornerstone of the digital economy, and cuttinggpt and others will open up more demand gaps.
With the maturity of the gpt-3 model, the performance of chhatgpt refreshing the industry’s perception of the ai, and with the breakthroughs in language, other areas and scenes are expected to accelerate. At the same time, the data show that chhatgpt’s total computing power is about 3640pf-days, while a data centre with a total investment of $3 billion can support about 500p.
In the future, domestic firms are expected to follow up quickly, and their modelling and training processes will stimulate demand for data-centre computing, which will directly stimulate marginal changes in the idc market. Further, as domestic firms gpu and ai accelerate calculus, they are expected to do so quickly.
Logic three: Harnessing electric power endowments in the metallurgical industry, colleagues have more strategic advantages for idc. The idc project has a natural high energy consumption and high heat dispersion demand, and a considerable number of large-scale projects need to be equipped with water cooling and switching.
Heat equipment, with diesel generators to supplement the power supply. This requires a perfect match to the old steel plant, where a large number of existing energy consumption targets, electrical equipment, and the surrounding hydrological conditions can be fully utilized. The most typical is the Treasure Clouds Base, which has been modified by the Bounty Slab Factory. At the same time, we can find that capital is available by peer comparison.
The impact of expenditures, the positive operating cash flow and negative free cash flow that idc companies often experience, and the diversity of their business, the Treasure Letter software, which is prominent in both financial indicators, provides a higher level of security margins and energy space to provide escorts for the timely delivery and landing of projects.
The value of the company’s idc storage facility in Shanghai is also becoming more pronounced in parallel with the construction of the North China and Long Triangle idc projects. Given time lags, high value added, such as heat data, is still sensitive to physical distance, while soil in the vicinity of one line of cities is still sensitive.
On June 29, 2022, the Shanghai City Commission for Information and Communication (SAC) and the CDC jointly issued an Implementation Opinion on the Advancement of the Healthy and Efficient Development of the City's Data Centre. By the end of the "14th Five-Five" the Shanghai City Data Centre was built.
With a total capacity of around 280,000 standard planes, the average landing rate has risen to more than 85%, with an arithmetic power of over 14,000 pflops, and the Bo-Sin, as a head enterprise, is expected to make full gains in this planning. At the same time, the E-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S.
On the other hand, the North China base, which is under construction, is also active in water cooling, residual heat recovery, photovoltaic + storage technology, improving its pue.
1) multi-phase implementation, with a high pace of delivery. The research subjects of the idc project, from top to bottom, can be divided into total projects, single-phase projects, single-building, usually one-phase projects for civil construction, single-building for project delivery, in order to fully adapt to the upstream tempo of downstream clients and to prevent under-loading;
2) Large data centre project forward planning cabinets have a higher volume but a more slow release effect. For example, in the case of the Treasure North, Long Triangle, digital technology projects, both of which have a final planning size of 20,000 cabinets, the actual progress of the project is longer and the total cycle is more substantial from the time the item is set up to the start of delivery;
3) The construction of idc has a high demand for hydropower resources, and the renovation of steel plants has highlighted its advantages. The idc project has a natural high energy consumption, high heat evaporation requirements, and a significant number of large-scale projects require water cooling and heat exchange equipment, as well as diesel generators to supplement the power supply.
On September 16th, 2022, Bo Yunhua North Base began work on a project of 20,000 8kw cabinets, located at the Kyojin node of the "East and West" project.
Data centre cluster. 5) More typical wholesale idc, high sticky customer, long contract duration. From idc differences, we can divide intra-industry enterprises into essentially retail and wholesale business models, with Chinese electricity delivered from the Bosinidc project.
The idc construction is typical of a heavy asset business, and the construction of civil +it and ancillary facilities usually takes about a year and a half, and its project is not one-time release, but one-by-one announcement of construction in multiple units, buildings, etc.
Completing. The simultaneous start of multiple projects by third-party idc manufacturers often has a certain impact on corporate capital spending and has led us to combine multiple information such as company announcements, civil news, and project the number of idc cabinets that are currently built and planned for:
Higher security margins and power spaces. We can see by peer comparison that, influenced by capital spending, idc firms tend to have positive operating cash flows and negative free cash flows. Thanks to the diversity of their business, Treasure Letter software is prominent in these two financial indicators, with a higher level of security margins and energy space to keep the project on schedule.
Delivery and landing of escorts.The Shanghai City Information and Communication Commission and CDRC jointly issued an implementation opinion on advancing the healthy and orderly development of the city's data centre, suggesting that by the end of “145, the Shanghai city data centre would have achieved a total capacity of 280,000 standard planes to the left.
To the right, the average apex rate has been raised to over 85 per cent, with a capacity of over 14,000 pflops, Bosinidc as the head enterprise, the geographical location of the data centre in Chart 5 Treasure Clouds, and a breakdown of the corporate services outsourcing business, which consists mainly of information system operation maintenance, cloud computing and idc transport.
In view of the annual marginal changes, affected by the progress of project implementation, we believe that the Māori rate of outsourced services in figure 7 has varied between third-party idc-operated enterprises and there is no clear downward trend.
Main Māori levels vary considerably, with wholesale enterprises such as data ports, data from all over the country, and Treasure Software performing relatively well, while retail types are subject to factors such as a build-up rate, which is more common. Overall, Māori levels do not appear to be clear, and mature customer resources are essential to avoid excessive land and resource emptying by businesses.
The policy imposes a more explicit limit on the idc build-up rate, and the idc builder and operator need to strengthen their assessment of client presence. In the face of large-scale data centre construction, there is a strong corporate niche with a significant client base.
The core layer is still concentrated in several large urban circles in the east and centre, and there are some delays in physical transmission, nodes connection, and even two-way delays in some of the scenes in the west. High-value numeracy resources are more demanding and have a direct impact on the profitability of the project.
The Arithmetic Center is less time-consuming, more suitable for payment, games, industrial Internet, smart cars, high value added industries such as new media, high data interactive applications, and conventional applications such as network storage, video play, etc., are more tolerant of delay and suitable for large space-wide storage.
Figure 9 provides a picture of how the Bosinidc construction plan is fully adapted to the East and West, with the long-triangular data centre project with the largest number of aircraft racks and the Bo Yunhua North Base project located within the long-triangular hub and the Jiaguchi node data centre cluster.
In terms of geographical location, the above areas are closer to the end of the arithmetic demand, such as Kyoto, and can be better balanced in terms of the relationship between the delay, construction, and energy costs.
China Connect, China 34 per cent, China 18 per cent and China 10 per cent, respectively, and industry top three account for 62 per cent of the market share, with a concentration. Figure 11 Changes in the number of domestic server racks.
The Internet, in terms of downstream applications, is the industry with the highest digestor of data centres, close to 60%, followed by the financial sector 20%, benefiting from information-intensive properties and high profits. The manufacturing industry is the power race for informationization and data centre applications over the next few years.
As a matter of strategy, Treasure Software, as a third-party idc builder and service provider, and as a friend, is the most different, and the services it provides often reach the final client through the operator. Directly, the vast majority of the first to fourth editions of Treasure Clouds are directly contracted with Chinese telecommunications, with only a small amount being supplied to China's Taibo.
Looking to the future, with the scale of Bosinidc's business, we think that its business model will be more oriented towards other track players, working with operators in depth to reach more customers below the industry chain, to create a wholesale-based and retail-backed business pattern.
In 2021, the country’s data centre market was 30.2% cagr, with an overall robust pace of growth. Repeated outbreaks in 2022 caused some of the projects to be blocked, the impact of the semiconductor supply side was relatively significant, and the market accelerated.
At present, cloud-mixing, which is the main form of cloudization, is increasingly accepted by a wide range of manufacturing firms. As advanced manufacturing penetration increases and the data centre’s cost advantage becomes apparent, more manufacturing firms will choose to purchase idc services in the future.
In the case of smart monitoring devices, for example, a large amount of data returns require algorithms to be analysed and studied to provide continuously optimized monitoring services. Possible demand increment two: arithmetic increases in arithmetic demand. As the gpt-3 model matures,
Chatgpt's performance refreshed industry's perception of the ai and, with the breakthrough in language applications, other areas and scenes are expected to accelerate their landings, while data show gpt, gpt-2 and gpt-3 (currently open version gpt-3.5)
The parameters increased from 117 million to 17.5 billion, and the amount of pre-training data increased from 5gb to 45tb, of which the cost of the gpt-3 training sessions was $4.6 million.chatgpt ' s total capacity consumed approximately 36,640pf-days, while a data centre invested a total of $3 billion could
To support about 500p numeracy needs, it can be deduced that a similar Chatgpt project requires about seven of the above-mentioned idc chart 15chatgpt 3 essentials of electricity and water construction, dynamic greenidc
As the Treasure letter adapts to the East and West calculations strategy and continues to function in arithmetic clusters like Zhang Jiaguchi and Long Triangle, the demands on the pue are becoming more stringent. Companies are also actively hugging and using cool water, residual heat recovery, photovoltaic plus storage technology to improve the 14th Five-Year Plan for Development of the Information and Communication Industry, issued by the Ministry of Information and Communications, which states that we need to enhance data and numeracy in our country.
Facilities service capabilities suggest that our data center capacity will be 27% capr in 2020-2025, and that new (super) large data centers will be reduced to below 1.3% in 2025. The construction costs around electricity will be the highest, and the remodelling of distribution facilities will reduce costs to some extent.
Dismantling suggests that electricity-related costs, including, but not limited to, diesel generators, power user stations, ups, distribution cabinets, and so on, together account for 69% of the total cost (non-it component), are a key influence on the cost of project construction and future benefit space. The advantages of letter software in this regard are self-evident.
Figure 16 Distribution of the cost of non-it equipment in the China data centre. Electricity costs account for the bulk of the total operating costs, and cooling system efficiency affects the consolidation of energy consumption performance.
Energy consumption/it equipment consumption, the closer the indicator represents the higher the energy consumption of the equipment as a percentage of overall energy consumption. East-West calculations require less than 1.2 (West)/1.25 (East). Water-cooled heating systems have a certain advantage over conventional wind-cooling equipment for heat efficiency and energy consumption, and therefore are often deployed in large numbers of idc projects that are being built or planned at home and abroad.
Water cooling equipment. More stable hydrological conditions or suitable climatic conditions can improve the overall project.
The rules are developed primarily by reference to the average annual temperature differences in the east and west. The main ways to enhance the performance of the pue are (i) the introduction of more advanced, efficient and intelligent refrigeration equipment; (ii) the increase in the proportion of green power to take full advantage of new energy and storage equipment; (iii) the full utilization of hydro-power conditions, with reference to the Lake Aliji Island data centre; and (iv)
Water cooling and residual heat recovery techniques. 1) Make full use of natural water resources for cooling without pollution. Ali Yunkaki Island Lake data uses lake water for heat exchange, cools water and then returns to municipal landscape water.
In the lower-temperature seasons, the cooling towers are used for the cooling of natural wind and heat so as to pull down new energy and storage technologies. The most typical is the storage of energy batteries in combination with photovoltaic equipment, which partially replaces wood.
Oil generators serve as redundant power, increasing the green power ratio on the one hand.
In order to deepen, fine-tune, quantitatively analyze the operation of the Treasure Software, we have built up two dimensions of the steel industry and the non-steel industry, associated transactions and unconnected transactions.
The details of the split and the following assumptions are made: 1) to benefit from the demand for orders generated by the weapon itself, the ratio of associated transactions is expected to remain stable, and the corresponding revenue from the bond-related transactions continues to rise;
2) The supply side reform of the iron and steel industry in the country has continued to advance, the merger restructuring of steel companies has accelerated, the demand for iron and steel information has been rising, and the penetration rate of the Treasure Software, as a leading company for iron and steel information, has been increasing, and revenues from non-associated transactions in the iron and steel sector have been rising;
3) Bosin software is active in downstream industry expansion, with the exception of the steel industry, where orders from the non-steel industry, such as smart traffic, smart cities, pharmaceuticals, etc., are steadily rising; 4) companies have been working on deep-farming software over the years to form a mature solution application system and a Māori rate for software development
(c) Associated transaction revenue has increased steadily as the number of treasure orders has increased;
4) Software transport services are mainly based on the software maintenance income of the Treasures themselves, assuming that the software transport service is relatively small in relation to Central Africa, and does not include the unconnected transaction income of the steel industry; 4) companies have no income from the idc business until 2013, so services outsourcing includes only software transport services.
Reference is made to the Māori rate of outsourcing of services in 2001 - 2013. As a leader in a number of areas in the country, such as iron and steel informatics, industrial software, idc and the industrial Internet, Bosin software is expected to benefit in the long term from structural changes on the supply side of the steel industry, “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” and ownership of key links.
Control, and the certainty that the country’s industry’s digital transformation is accelerating in various areas. Companies are too strong themselves and are in a lot of places. 2) Downstream demand expands less than expected; 3) risk of disruption of operations and deployment as a result of the epidemic.
Financial statements and profit projections: Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are based on publicly available information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.