Researchchand developmentcenter, high-end intellectual-manufacturing dragons on mission.
— Treasure software (600845) depth report (2), state-of-the-art smart-manufacturing dragons on mission, giant ships on board, Treasure software on the back of the Treasure Group, transmission of excellent genes, strategic focus on "Automated+Industry"
Bosin software (600845) Internet+Infoization+idc Cloud Computation" is the four major smart-making growth track in China. It is a high-intelligence, cutting-edge, and a scarce domestic enterprise that has made a breakthrough in the field of high-end industrial software.
To have the power to compete with overseas industrial software giants in high-end intelligent manufacturing, with the historic mission of high-end intelligence-making as an alternative to national production. The company is approaching three historical opportunities: "Bicarbon control + national production + arms mergers and acquisitions" with the tradition of steel metallurgy, petrochemicals, etc.
With energy-intensive process-based enterprises heavily deployed in intelligent manufacturing, and with the rise of national production substitution, we believe that companies will be facing unprecedented growth opportunities and long-term development potential. High-end automation is a strategic priority for companies in the future, and companies are home-grown and autonomous.
Enterprises with a type-plc control system have a strong integration of hardware and software in the field of high-end automation.
Automated products such as plc, scada industrial software, developed autonomously by the Treasure, with the ability to access large dcs (dcs=plc+scada) control systems, continuously extend the power boundaries of automation, and are expected to grow into full ecological automation in the country in the future.
The growth logic is: 1) product sequence expansion: companies will sink in the future from large plcs to large plcs in the centre, with high school end plc lines, and deepen the layout of self-motivated products such as robots, scada industrial software, with the ability to expand to dcs and dcs control systems; 2) increase
Volume + stock replacement logic: process-based industries “necessary + capable” to invest heavily in capital expenditure layout intelligent manufacturing in the context of the two-carbon era + national production substitution; large plc/dcs will gradually move into a new stock replacement cycle; degree of standardization of automated products
Higher, with full potential for inter-industry expansion; 3) Māori uplifting logic: Māori rate of automated products has increased and dropped in the last month (%) Companies have given high priority to the development of the industrial Internet and to the development of an autonomous industrial Internet platform.
The distribution of the industrial Internet has opened up a new curve for companies on the one hand, and is expected to enhance the core competitiveness of corporate intelligence in the carbon age.
The steel, metallurgy, petrochemical, chemical-based high-energy process industries face an urgent need for “reduce, add-ons, lifts”, new technologies with industrial Internet-based intelligence will play a central role, and the process industries are “capable and demand-driven” for capital spending to drive industrial connectivity.
Chiang Ying Web development; national drive for the digital economy, industrial Internet platforms are central to the digital economy, and they continue to be strongly supported by national policies, corporate industrial Internet platforms
For the third year in a row, xin3plat continued its entry into the Triple Cross platform of the Panchayat, with a steady increase in rankings, opening up new growth paths for future development; in the long run, the cloud of automated products, such as plc, is gaining momentum, while the industrial Internet platform is the basis for the cloud of automated products, building on the cloud of automation.
With a solid foundation, cloud plc is expected to help the company achieve a curved drive, maintain a solid corporate mind, and create a leader in the industry. The company, backed by a powerful platform, multiplies a strategized strategy for transformation, acts as the base of the BMW Group.
Five dollars is the cornerstone of information, the center of intelligent manufacturing, with millions of tons of precious weapons intellectually transformed, and the space for information development. The company is an industrial software company that can do it at zero, and the information products include mes, bi, wms, mom, etc., of which mes products have been developed in recent years.
In the context of "double limits" and "double controls" the country has proposed a "big effort to develop smart manufacturing" for the steel industry.
In response to demands such as "No New Iron and Steel Production" to promote merger restructuring, the Bono Worm Group is the largest city in the world, building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing.
Iron and Steel Group, M & As restructuring is accelerating and will significantly increase the demand for corporate smart manufacturing operations from the four dimensions of “Renewing and Replacement of Information Systems + Industrial Interconnectivity Platforms + Automated Control System Reengineering and New Demand + Cloud Calculating Deployment”.
It's been extended to steel companies other than the Treasure Group, as well as to the non-soldier sector, where future growth will be overtaken by changes in the supply and demand patterns of the short-term idc industry, where companies will benefit as wholesale idc taps, while the idc business will enter a new life cycle with the promise of profit + valuation.
Vis double-click. In the short term, tight national controls on energy consumption, electricity, safety compliance, etc., large numbers of old, non-compliant rooms, and large-scale demand tilted to the core & greenidc, have increased the competitive edge of the dominant idc tap, with demand from the idc industry in the long run.
The combination of resource endowments + industrial software capabilities has given the company idc a unique ability to operate, with the last round of the Idc construction release time cycle for 2013 to 2020, bringing together nearly 30,000 standard cabinets, from 2021 to 2020.
From the beginning, the company launched the five-phase project to promote the Quanhua-Bou-Bou-Bou-Bou-Bou-Bou, which is over 50,000 standard hangars, which are 1.7 times higher than the previous round if we do not consider the other new hangars. Since 2021, some of the new hangars have been put on board.
Companies have excellent management and market-based incentives that give them sufficient dynamism and motivation to develop. Companies, as elites, are experienced in management team management and management systems.
Flexibility, in addition to the market-based internal appraisal system and the introduction of a number of market-based incentive programmes, the company implemented three equity incentives in 2017, 2020 and 2022, with a wide range of incentives, covering the company ' s management, technical cadres, business cadres, etc., which, on the one hand, highlighted the company ' s management ' s policy against the company ' s management.
A strong confidence in the long-term future, but also the hope of mobilizing the motivation of the workforce to fully release the investment proposal: Treasure letter software to transmit high-quality genetics, deep layout automation, industrial networking, informatization, cloud computing, four major smart-making tracks that are scarce in the country.
Enterprises that have made a breakthrough in the area of industrial software are the most complete high-end intelligence of the current domestic product series, leading the way in manufacturing, with the mission of high-end intelligence to create a national alternative, and growing in space over the long term. We risk: lower-than-expected application of the plc control system; and low development of the 5g and industrial Internet.
Reorganization of BMW M & A is below expectations; construction of idc is below expectations. The present report uses as entry point “Three different expectations + three historical opportunities + four core judgements + three automated core growth logic”, while deep re-recording the path to growth of the international intelligence-making giant Siemens, to the Via Siemens, to the layout of the Treasure Software product, strategic positioning, core competitiveness, and long-term growth.
The market usually treats the Treasure Software as an enterprise with a "Steel Info-plus-idc" dual layout, which results in a double underestimation of the Department's valuation and profitability. We believe that BoS software is China's top-end intellectual leader, the country's few companies that have made breakthroughs in the domain of high-end industrial software, back-to-back with the Treasure Group, and transmits outstanding genes, and companies follow the line "Stand-down, soft-to-hard, high-end intelligence-making enterprise."
The idea of industry continues to grow and expand, with deep layouts “Automated, Industrial Internet, Informatization, Idc Cloud Computation” four major smart-making growth lanes, with the ability to provide smart-making solutions for the entire industrial chain, with the ability to compete with industrial software giants in high-end intelligent manufacturing in the future, and with the historic mission of high-end intelligent-manufacturing alternatives to national production. In the age of double carbon and digital economy, it has been accompanied by traditional high-energy energy with steel metallurgy, petrochemicals, etc.
The market should focus on the firm’s strong, integrated competition for hardware and software in the area of high-end automation, which is a scarcely domestic, large-scale, autonomous plc-controlled enterprise with the power to develop further in the area of automation and become an eco-high-end automated leader. Companies use large plc automated industrial software.
Nucleus, which actively expands automated products such as robots (plc developed autonomously with Treasure), scada industrial software, with the ability to move into large dcs (dcs=plc+scada) control systems, continuously stretching the automated capability boundary, and is expected to grow into a national full eco-automated flagship. The three core growth logics of corporate automation are: 1) product sequence expansion: companies will sink from large plcs to large plcs in the future, with high school end plcs.
Product lines, as well as deepening the layout of automated products such as robotics, scada industrial software, with the ability to expand to the dcs and dcs control systems; 2) Increment + stock replacement logic: process-based industries, represented by the steel industry, are “necessary + capable” in the context of the two-carbon era + national production substitution; Capital expenditure layout intelligent manufacturing: large plc/dcs will gradually begin to move into a new stock replacement cycle: automated products are more standardized and cross-lined
The market should focus on the company’s ability and commitment to the deployment of industrial Internet platforms, such as the company’s autonomous research and development of industrial Internet platforms Xin3platt and artificial intelligence, which, on the one hand, will open up a new curve for companies to grow and, on the other hand, will enhance the company’s core competitiveness in smart manufacturing.
At a time when the high-energy-consuming process industries, represented by steel, metallurgy, petrochemicals and chemicals, faced the pressing need for “reduce, efficiency, lift”, new technologies, represented by industrial networking, would play a central role, and the process industries were “capable to plus demand” for capital spending to drive industrial Internet development; the State was strongly promoting the digital economy, with the industrial Internet platform as the core base and component of the digital economy and continued to be strongly supported by national policies.
In the long run, automatic products, such as plc, which is the basis for the clouding of automated products that are solidly rooted for self-motivated cloudization, are expected to help companies to achieve a turn-over overdrive and maintain firm corporate intellectual-manufacturing industrial excellence.
Markets should focus on new opportunities for intelligent manufacturing, such as information technology, brought about by the restructuring of BMW M&As and the intellectual transformation of the company as a “one-base-five” industrial software company of the BMW Group, whose products include mes, bi, wms, mom, etc., of which mes products have been the first in recent years in the ranking of domestic firms and have been applied to a number of industries. In the context of “double limits”, “double controls”, the State has proposed “big efforts for the development of smart manufacturing” in the steel industry.
“Accelerating the advancement of merger restructuring,” “Imbargoing the addition of steel production capabilities”, etc., and as the largest steel group in the world, M & A restructuring is accelerating, raising the demand for corporate smart manufacturing operations significantly from the "Renewing and Replacement of Information Systems + Industrial Internet Platforms + Automated Control System Adaptation and New Demand + Cloud Computation Deployment Requirements" section. Corporate traditional software operations have also been extended to steel enterprises outside of the Soldier Group, and
The market should focus on the growth attributes of corporate idc operations, the evolution of supply and demand patterns in the short-term idc sector, which will benefit the company as a wholesale idc tap, while the idc operations will enter a new investment cycle with promise of a profit + valuation double-click on Davis.
Controls such as security compliance have been tightened, a large number of old, non-compliant rooms have been shut down, and demand has been tilted toward the core & green, idc, which has led to a stronger competitive edge for the dominant idc, with demand for the idc industry growing as new applications have erupted in the long run. The combination of resource endowments + industrial software capabilities has given companies a unique capacity to do their business, with the last round of idc construction and release time cycles ranging from 2013 to 2020, with a total of investments made.
Since 2021, some of the new ones have been put on board, and will continue to grow in the future as the build-up rate continues. Markets should focus on good management and market-based incentives for corporate leadership, giving companies sufficient dynamism and motivation to act as firms.
In addition to the extensive experience in managing the management team, the flexibility of the management system, the market-based internal appraisal system and the introduction of several market-based incentive programmes, the company implemented three equity incentives in 2017, 2020 and 2022, which provided a wide range of incentives to cover the company ' s management, technical cadres and business cadres, both of which demonstrated management ' s strong confidence in the long-term development of the future, while also promising to motivate its staff and fully release the company ' s dynamism.
One, three major expectations are bad + three historical opportunities + four core judgements, China's high-end intelligence, dragon-making giants, and the market usually treats the Treasure Software as a double-dial company called Steel Info+idc, and we think the market has not really understood it yet.
The product layout, strategic positioning, core competitive power, and long-term development logic of Treasure Software has led to a double underestimation of corporate valuation and profitability. Treasure Software is a scarce domestic breakthrough in the area of high-end automated industrial software, relying on the Treasure Group, which transmits the country.
Proprietary genetics, coupled with the ability to create industry-wide chain solutions such as automation, industrial Internet, informatization and cloud computing, will have the power to compete with global industrial software giants in high-end intelligent manufacturing, with a historic mission of high-end intelligent production as an alternative to national production.
The Shanghai Treasure Steel Automation Department, formerly created in 1978, was founded on automation, informatization, deep intelligence-making genes, company growth and expansion along the lines of top-down, soft-to-hard, high-end intelligence-making enterprises, deep layouts, “Automated + Industrial Internet + Information + Cloud Calculus” and four cores of intelligence-making.
The racetrack, the deep integration of automation and digitization, is the strategic direction of future corporate priorities. The company is the most complete intelligent manufacturer of the current domestic product sequence, with the traditional streams of steel, metallurgy, petrochemicals and so on, in the age of the two-carbon and digital economy, and with the advent of a massively well-formulated corporate intelligence, and the replacement of national production, we believe that the Treasure News software will emerge as never before.
Long-term opportunity, long-term development potential.
idc _ Internet has the largest single area in Shanghai.
Autonomous research and development of the Internet platform of the industry to provide mes, erp, bi, to the manufacturing industry.
Big Treasure Cloud idc; xln3plat: 2022.
wms, mom, etc., and big data plc, scada industrial data center, artificial intelligence center, business
Integrated solutions; automated products such as software, with the ability to plan more than 100,000 currently (in line with
The company can convert the power density of industrial software from lo to l5;
(dcs=plc+scada) Control is the third year in a row that the Treasure Industries Internet platform has held the share of mes products in the domestic business market in recent years.
The ocean is at the core of the country's core, and it's integrated into the country's core.
Radiation expansion, planning at the core of a single site, ranked first and foremost in the iron and steel industry, where the future is expected to grow into a whole ecosystem in the country.
The name has been steadily raised; the industrial Internet platform is larger than 1w+ cabinets and has been applied to a number of industries.
Automation provides a solid foundation. Figure 2: Bosin software is China's top-end intellectual manufacturing leader, 1. Three major expectations are bad: “High-end automation + industrial Internet + information + cloud computing” smart systems
The market's focus on Treasure Software from 2017 to 2020 was mainly on the idc business, as a domestic wholesaler.
With the release of the company's large plc product, the market began to focus on the layout of the company's high-end automated industrial software, and through exchanges with the market, we found that the market had not yet really understood the strategic importance of large plc products for the company, but still did.
The market, which is used to defining a company as a “steel-in-information” company, on the one hand, fears that steel-in-information growth ceilings are limited, and, on the other hand, that macroeconomic fluctuations will have an impact on the company’s operations as a result of the epidemic, we believe that the market underestimates the firm’s strong competitive power and potential long-term growth space as a “China’s high-end plc” lead firm.
As we have repeatedly stressed in the market, Bo-Sin is China’s leader in high-end intelligent manufacturing, the country’s scarce enterprise to achieve breakthroughs in the field of high-end industrial software, and the country’s scarce future capable of competing with overseas industrial software giants in the field of high-end industrial software. So we think that, in order to truly understand the strategic positioning of Bo-Sin software, it is necessary, from a macro perspective, to clarify the letter first.
Energeticization, automation, industrial Internet, intellectual manufacturing definitions and relationships, together with the need to distinguish between energy-intensive and discrete industries, and to make clear the immediate need for industrial Internet & smart manufacturing layouts in high-energy processes, represented by steel metallurgy, petrochemicals, etc., in the two-carbon age, and in volatile external environments, high-end intelligent manufacturing of national production.
Autonomous substitution is also a major trend, and as an important instrument of state enterprise and state, Treasurehouse software has a historical mission to replace national production with high-end industrial intelligence. First, what is intelligence manufacturing? Smart manufacturing is a combination of new technologies such as automation + informationization + industrial Internet.
Smart manufacturing is a combination of products such as automation, new technologies such as the industrial Internet, informatics, etc., which combines new technologies such as automation + informatics + the industrial Internet to achieve the objectives of lifting, efficiency, and reduction. Smart manufacturing is at its bottom, mainly automated products, with narrow automation referring mainly to products such as plc, dcs, and, more broadly, plc&dcs.
Systems (i.e. plc, dcs+) are located mainly at the middle level, where the industrial Internet platform plays a unifying role. The clouding of automated products usually refers to the remote operation and regulation of automated products built on industrial networking platforms. The clouding of automated products is also on the top.
In general, automated products are standardized, product-based, information-based products are customized, project-based.
Detailedly, in the industrial 4.0 era, intelligent manufacturing was divided from bottom to bottom into five layers, namely, the executive equipment layer, the on-site control layer, the industrial mid-level, the production management level and the enterprise resource layer: (1) the executive equipment layer: within the overall framework of the intelligent manufacturing, the executive equipment layer is primarily responsible for marginal data collection and peripheral execution.
Two core functions. Each type of sensor, instrumentation is responsible for monitoring, collecting and transmitting large amounts of data on the site, which forms the basis for industrial digitization; the marginal implementation function is composed of a large number of industrial robots, executing equipment, instrumentation and electrical devices, depending on the circumstances of the site, accompanied by high-calculation and fast-track decision-making in intelligent manufacturing systems.
(b) On-site control layer: the on-site control layer is based on controls, mainly through systems such as plc, dcs and servo systems, controls on the lower enforcement equipment, significant improvements in the accuracy and complexity of the industry under the intelligent manufacturing trend, and controls
The number of control nodes and the accuracy of control are expected to increase significantly, with the increase in the value and demand of engineering control equipment; (3) the industrial mid-level: the industrial center as a new product of the industry ' s 4.0-year era, with the core function of building an industrial networking data platform to bridge barriers between isolated production links, through new techniques such as artificial intelligence, data mining, etc.
Technical tools to fully exploit the value of data and to increase the efficiency of decision-making and its effectiveness, thus producing significant efficiency gains and greater profitability for enterprises; on the other hand, more efficient industrial communication networks are also one of the important tools at the middle of the industry, which enhances the ability to communicate on the margins and strengthens the different production chains by building communication networks such as the industry-to-the-the-Terre network.
Synergy and improvement of overall production efficiency; (4) Production management: Production management is composed mainly of industrial software for the production management category, which is the “big brain” produced in the industry's 4.0-year era. Field data collection, data center-building and advances in artificial intelligence have created applications for industrial software for the production category.
(b) Enterprise management: including industrial software such as erp, oa, bi, which is primarily responsible for the enterprise's overall operations and business activities.
Second, why do we say that we distinguish process intelligence from discrete intelligence manufacturing? In the wake of the new crown epidemic, macroeconomic aggregate pressure, the market is more concerned about the overall thrust and strength of intelligent manufacturing, while the market is more concerned about the ability of Treasure Software to expand in industries other than steel metallurgy, and we believe that energy-intensive processes are high?
Industry capital spending in favour of intelligent manufacturing is “necessity + urgency + certainty”, with little macroeconomic impact, and Treasure that software, thanks to its monopoly competitive advantage in the steel and metallurgical sector, already has much room for growth, and with the constant abundance of corporate product matrices, the potential for cross-industry expansion is enormous:
1) In terms of the advancement of intelligent manufacturing, we believe that, under double carbon controls, the flow-oriented industries represented by steel metallurgy, petrochemicals, on the one hand, urgently need smart manufacturing to help them achieve their mitigation efficiency, and, on the other hand, these enterprises have the capacity to scale up capital spending to the level of intelligent manufacturing, which is less affected by macroeconomic fluctuations, and in the age of double carbon, process-based enterprises “have”.
(b) With regard to the growth of companies across industries, we understand four things: process firms have high intellectual manufacturing requirements, high investment, and only the replacement of the Automated Control System (ACS) in the steel metallurgical sector.
We believe that even if the company did not expand its industry in the short term, it already had a higher growth ceiling, thanks to its monopoly on steel metallurgy and its core competitive power;
Medicines, colour, energy, electricity, chemicals, agriculture, civil aviation, etc., have laid down solid foundations in sectors other than metallurgy;
With the establishment of partners, the ability of firms to produce and promote their products on a scale will be further enhanced and will be facilitated by the cross-industry marketing of their products; (4) Companies are the scarce domestic enterprises that can provide national alternatives to large-scale plc industrial software, replacing the tide of national production
Lower, corporate products have a stronger value for money than industrial giants abroad, and demand from industries will continue to rise, thus increasing the penetration of corporate products across industries. Smart manufacturing has strong downstream industry attributes, and typically divides smart manufacturing into process-type smart systems according to downstream industries.
The process industry consists mainly of metallurgical, petrochemical, chemical, etc., with the characteristics of process length, multi-processed, complex inter-process relationships and the variety of hardware equipment involved, requiring actual industrial production to focus on full production, safety and non-removable parking; and the “small and scattered” characteristics of discrete intellectual manufacturing compared to process-based manufacturing, downstream demand.
Multi-point distribution makes flexible solutions more necessary to deal with the pains of real business. In the context of industrial development trends, the process-based industries favour super-automated and the dissociated industries favour the extreme flexibility of manufacturing, taking into account industry characteristics.
In general, process-type smart manufacturing has high requirements for process stability and inter-process synergies, overall process tolerance error rates are low, a single engineering value is high, process customers are demanding multiple combinations of qualifications/technology/post-sales requirements for intelligent manufacturing providers. Process industries include, inter alia, metallurgical, petrochemical, chemical, etc., with process processes of long duration, process rings, etc.
Typical features such as the variety of hardware equipment involved and the complexity of inter-process relationships. In general, the process-type industry is equipped with a large number of instrument instruments to be used in the collection and process monitoring of parameters, in addition to the various components such as tanks, executing equipment, electric machines, valves, etc.
In addition, industrial software such as mes, plms, ots, etc. of the production management are responsible for controlling multi-processes, regulating energy consumption/production of the entire line, and eventually using visualized hands.
The feedback goes to the enterprise resource layer, where discrete intellectual manufacturing is characterized as “small and scattered” and downstream demand is spread several times, and there is a greater need for flexible smart manufacturing solutions to address the pains of actual operations. The discrete industries include mainly electronics, machinery, etc.
Various industries, such as household electricity, automobiles and military industry, with equipment layers covering a variety of different types of hardware equipment, such as robotics, small cars, and carbeds. In general, because of the shorter process in the discrete industry than in the process industry, large plc/dcs have few applications, mainly controlled by small and medium-sized plc and, secondly, through various links of perception, execution, operation and decision-making.
The products produced in the discrete industries are small-scale, multi-packages, and flexible production plays an increasingly important role as a necessary route to the manufacturing of the discrete industries. We believe that, in contrast to process-type smart manufacturing, the discrete smart manufacturing is more focused on understanding downstream processes and exploiting customer demand.
Smart manufacturing providers at the product/technology centre are expected to be more favoured by downstream customers.Figure 8: Process-based industries vs discrete industries including metallurgy, chemicals, petrochemicals, electricity, pharmaceuticals, food processing and fertilizers;
There are characteristics such as the length of the process process, the multiplicity of processes, the complexity of the inter-process relationship and the variety of hardware equipment involved . . . . process stability and inter-process synergy requirements, the tolerance of the overall process is low and the value of the process is high . . . . . is in the pursuit of super-automatedity. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
* Includes the mechanical, semiconductor electron, pcb, electrical, automobile, household and packaging printing industries. * The process is relatively flexible compared to the process-type industries, which are characterized by “small-scale, multiple batches”;
With regard to process-based smart manufacturing, energy-saving emission reductions, safety controls, and connectivity are the priority development directions, and in the two-carbon age the process industry “necessary plus capable” deep layout intelligent manufacturing. The process-based industry, as a typical carbon-emitting industry, is a priority area for energy-efficient emission-reduction adaptation, smart systems, in the context of our strategy of steadily moving forward with carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, etc.
The process-based industrial smart-making layout is imminent and continues to benefit from automation, informatization, and industrial Internet platform development. In the case of discrete smart-making, digitalized transformation solutions, industrial Internet platforms, etc., are expected to continue to benefit.
In the early stages of the development of intelligent manufacturing in the formerly fragmented industries, along with the maturity of automated and intelligent technologies, the role of intelligent manufacturing as a source of efficiency gains in the fluid industries has gradually emerged, and the need for the transformation of discrete intelligent manufacturing has grown to the advantage of discrete intelligent manufacturing solutions providers. At the same time, the industrial Internet has helped traditional manufacturing industries to access data barriers and maximize their data value.
The demand for industrial Internet platforms will continue to rise in the future. (2) Expected: Markets have not yet fully recognized the shape of Treasure Software products, their development strategies, and if the history of Treasure Software is developed, it can be found that Treasure Software has been given an intelligent gene from its birth and is stable.
The idea of informationization, industrial Internet, automation, “from top to bottom, from soft to hard, building high-end smart manufacturing enterprises” has continued to grow and expand, not just the iron and steel information enterprise that the market understands: 1) to start with automation and information: Treasurestone software is effectively controlled by China's BMW and shares held in steel formerly in 1978.
The Shanghai Treasure Steel Automation Department was established to focus on industrial software from its inception, based on automation and the development of information-based products, which transmit the state’s good sedimentation and bottom, and have a deep industrial software gene. The information-based products cover production management (mes, wms, mom, etc.), enterprise management (erp, oa, bi, etc.), and information-based services.
Products, of which mes products have been the first in recent years in the rankings of domestic firms, as well as leading companies in the iron and steel industry, where the market is the first, and which have gradually infiltrated several industries, such as medicine; automated products covering automated software plus hardware, and automated service products, where companies have accumulated significant amounts of automated software and expanded their presence.
A solid foundation was laid for high-end automated control system operations with large plc at its core; (2) Industrial Internet platform for deep layout: as early as 2015, Bo-Sin set up the Industry 4.0 Project Department to pre-position industrial Internet technology. The company released its autonomous industrial Internet platform in December 2020 and 2021.
For the third year in a row, the Bo-Sin industry Internet platform has steadily increased its ranking, including at the Pen-Ten-Ten-Train platform, and the China-Boom-In-Industry Internet Research Institute and the China-Boo-Doctor Programme were set up in Bo-Wu early in 2021, co-located with Bo-Sin to coordinate the design of the Bo-Sin industry Internet framework and cutting-edge technology development;
Major automation: after more than 40 years of layout, companies have acquired deep experience in the development of automated control software, and after nearly 10 years of research and development, in July 2021 they became large-scale plc products that are scarce in the country and can compete with the big industrial powers of overseas industry in the high-end automation field, and will be surrounded by large- and medium-sized plc/dcs and others.
Over 40 years of development, the transmission of state-owned genetic excellence, and the firm’s accumulated great technological strength and experience in such intelligent manufacturing as automation, industrial Internet, and informatization, the history of the development of the Treasure Software can be seen in the development of the international industrial giant Siemens.
So, the company’s future strategy is also centred on automation, the industrial Internet, digitalization, and building an all-industry backbone of intelligent manufacturing, which we believe has the potential to grow into a global leader in internationalized intelligent manufacturing. Figure 10: The history of Treasure Software has evolved along the road.
The Shanghai Treasure Information Technology Development Co. Ltd. was acquired in 2001 The Shanghai Treasure Steel Automation Department was established in 1978 as a limited company in the Shanghai Treasure Information Industry prior to the Treasure Software 2001
In 2002, the Division of Electronic Control Engineering Co. Ltd., which acquired Shanghai, changed its name by replacing its entire assets, was born on the basis of automation, informationization and availability.
Founded in 2003 by the Japanese Bosun-style Society, deep intelligence-making genes; for Shanghai Bosin Software, Inc.
(b) Acquisition of the Shanghai Maysan Industrial Civil Engineering and Design Institute Ltd. in 2006
(b) Dalian Treasure Steel Systems Engineering Co. Ltd. was established in 2010; and
Xinjiang Treasure Technology Ltd. was acquired in 2016, and deep layouts are "Automated, Industrial Internet, Informatization, Cloud Calculus."
Establishment of the Shanghai Treasures Data Centre Limited in 2014