Cobalt and cobalt are sold at a two-fold rate, and the five-year target begins with the bottom +239% compared to the bottom; non-net profit of $8.6 billion equal to +531%. Of this amount, revenue tfm, kfm were exceeded in the third quarter and copper, cobalt and other metals were significantly exceeded in production. Copper: 2024q1-
q3 achieved 476,000 tons of copper metal production, +78.2 per cent of the year-long median target, 130 per cent of the year-round target, tfm and kfm maintaining fast-paced production and even excess production, with the highest/lowest frequency in 12 months
Production history. Molybdenum: 2024q1-q3 achieved 10,000 tons of molybdenum metal production, compared to --+3.8 per cent, and achieved 88 per cent of the median annual target.
Increased copper and cobalt production, and refined management achieved a drop increase + 5.4 per cent, and achieved 81 per cent of the median annual target; phosphorus: 896,000 tons of phosphorous fertilizer, compared to the performance forecast: five-year target set
The cost of copper metal production has been steadily declining. q1-q3 in 2024, company copper (tfm+kfm) was produced with a door red, moving towards a world-class mine company > > - at a cost of $31,000/tonne, which represents a cost change of $35,000/tonne by 9.8 per cent compared to 2023 for the entire year, tfm mines
The mountain overcomes the difficulty of reaching the production target in Sector East, laying a solid foundation for the optimisation process and the expansion of production capacity in the second half of the year < < < Cobalt down prices will yield significant returns, but it still has a strong risk resistance _ Luoyang industry tracking point
; kfm mines achieve a significant increase in recovery rates and output growth through process adjustment and technological innovation > - 2020-03-31 Cost end, roe, cash flow performance excellent. 2024q1-q3 Company sales, management, R & D, R & D
The net operating cash flow of q3 companies is $17.3 billion, compared to $7.2 billion, of which q3 net operating cash flow is $6.5 billion, compared to +5.2 billion, the ring to +1.2 billion, and the company achieves high-quality growth with a quality and cash flow development model.
The five-year target was opened, and thousands of miles of journeys began on foot. 2024, the year of the company's transformation and the year of its internationalization of 2.0, was the year in which the company proposed a five-year development goal: to achieve the annual production of copper and metals and enter the ranks of the world's leading mining companies. 2024, as the beginning of the new goal, the first three.
Quarterly copper-cobalt production increases, thousands of miles of journeys start down, laying a solid foundation for the five-year goal. Investment proposal: we analyse in depth the company’s three-monthly report in 2024, the company’s copper-cobalt sales are growing rapidly, growth is more certain, while production costs and cost-side controls are better and asset-liability ratios are lower.
At the same time, Roe has increased significantly to achieve high-quality growth. We have maintained the company ' s pre-profit production for 2024-2026 to achieve significant excess output, and the project has steadily advanced (i) the company ' s copper, cobalt and other metals to achieve significant excess output.
Tens of tons, or +78.2 per cent, to achieve 87 per cent of the median annual target; 85,000 tons, or +12.7 per cent, of cobalt metal production; and 20 years of corporate conversion and 2.0 per cent of internationalization, with the company setting a five-year development goal: to achieve the annual production of copper metal 80-Congo copper and cobalt: the company owns two world-class mines tfm and kfm in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, of which tfm has 5 lives.
Lines of production, currently capable of producing 450,000 tons of copper annually, with a capacity of 3.7 million tons of cobalt as an associated mine; kfm currently has capacity to produce 150,000 tons of copper annually and over 50,000 tons of cobalt annually. At the cost end, recovery rates of copper and cobalt have increased significantly through process adjustments, technological innovations, etc., and the efficiency gains of tfm and kfm have been remarkable, with tfm becoming the first copper marker certified in Africa (thecopermark)
China’s three estates and two molybdenum mines are operating in China’s territory, and the company’s China region has overcome its difficulties in improving its management efficiency and exceeding its budget targets in the face of a steady decline in grade levels and the return of the price of molten molluscs in the first half of the year. The company’s three estates have been unable to pick ore tungsten.
The recovery rate and the recovery rate of molybdenum in the upper groves were broken, the salivation of the upper groves and the full speed of the technological barrier increased, and the area added to the mine was added, Brazilian phosphorus: the company owns two high-quality mines in Brazil, operated specifically by its fully-owned subsidiary, Lomong Brazil, where efficiency gains and management changes have been remarkable, with a record high yield of sorghum production.
(ii) Gradual progress on the tfm copper cobalt ore in major projects: the company tfm copper or cobalt ore carried out mining and deep geological exploration work on the outskirts of the mining area, which yielded significant results: geological elaboration of the Big pumpi copper or cobalt ore, geological exploration of the depths of the tenk or fgme88 ore, which resulted in the completion of 6,200 metres of diamond drilling,
High resource volume levels and expected exploration results; completion of approximately 2 km2 of geological filling and geological surveys in the northern Kyaundji area to provide a theoretical basis for follow-up geological mining; and conduct of approximately 10 km2 of soil geochemical sampling in the area adjacent to the north of the Pumpi mine to examine the geological distribution characteristics of the mineralized anomalies, with information available to provide direction for target areas to identify and find future outlying areas
1 borehole; 19 boreholes have been completed, totalling 6017 metres, and deep vulcanized mines have been well explored and mined in the outlying areas; open area detection has been carried out in the northern and southern regions of the mine pits and 27 open areas have been constructed to detect holes totalling 1223 metres; upper ravine molten mines: the company has carried out deep geological exploration within the mine area and constructed 3 boreholes totalling 1662 metres;
Source upgrade and enhancement of secondary mineral holdings, construction of 47 production pits in the pits, totalling 5222 metres; construction of 23 open areas, totalling 1932 metres, to ensure safety of production.
(i) Cost analysis: reduced production costs for scale effects and efficiency management support units as required by the local environmental authorities
The cost of copper and cobalt production decreased significantly. q1-q3 in 2024, the cost of company copper production (tfm+kfm) was RMB 31,000/tonne, a change of RMB 35,000/tonne and 9.8 per cent over the 2023 year; the cost of cobalt production was RMB 53,000/tonne, a decrease over the cost of production of metals such as copper, cobalt, molybdenum, etc. for the 2023 year as a whole, a decrease in the cost of scale effects and the cost of production of units of efficiency in management.
Figure 16: Decreased costs of copper and cobalt production for 2024q1-q3 companies (ii) Māori ratio analysis: lower prices drive increases in the Māori rate of the copper plate and cost optimization, with a more visible increase in the Māori rate of the copper business.
(iii) Business analysis: significant increases in copper, cobalt sales and significant increases in production and sales, contributing to the company ' s main incremental income and profits. (i) Cost analysis: time-stable costs and high-quality growth
Of these, q3 combined sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates were 2.9 per cent, same-0.4 pct, ring + 0.1 pct, company period costs billions, ring + $1.2 billion, and companies achieved high-quality growth based on a quality cash flow development model. (ii) Debt analysis: asset-liability ratio decreased
The company’s rapid growth in copper and cobalt sales, with a high degree of certainty, is expected to benefit fully from the industry’s high profile. We maintain the company’s 2024-downstream demand less than expected; the supply is expected to release more than expected; and the Fed’s austerity is expected.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007,57165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.