Copper cobalt production has increased, and refined management has resulted in efficiency gains tfm, kfm and production of major products has exceeded 50% of the year-wide target. Copper: 2024h1 achieved 314,000 tonnes of copper metal, compared to +10.7%, and achieved the year-round target
Eighty-three per cent of the median annual target, tfm and kfm maintained fast-paced production, or even excess production, in the first half of the year, with one-month record of production. Molybdenum: 2024h1 achieved 0.7 million tons of molybdenum metal production, corresponding to 12.4 per cent; tungsten: 0.4 million tons of tungsten metal production, equivalent to 54 per cent of the target for the entire year.
Compared to 8.2 per cent, 53 per cent of the median year-round target was achieved; phosphorus: 583,000 tons of phosphorus were achieved, with a steady decline in the cost of copper and cobalt production compared to 2023 in the first half of 2024. The cost of corporate copper and cobalt production decreased in the first half of 2024, while the tfm mine reached production targets in the second half of the year.
Arts, extension energy provide a solid foundation; kfm mines achieve a significant recovery rate through process adjustment and technological innovation, yield growth and a steady decline in costs. < < < Pacific coloured > > . < oscillation 2024
Reported performance forecast rating: Five-year target opened, moving towards the world ' s leading mining companies > - year-0.16 pc; of which q2 sales, management and financial cost rates total 2.59 per cent, year-on-year
< Cobalt drops are profitable, but they are still strong risk-resistant < < Luoyang tracker > < Cobalt and Cobalt plate cost drops, one season profits re-created >
Newly high - a quarterly review of the Luoyang industry > - net operating cash flows from companies amount to $5.3 billion, compared to +29 per cent, ring ratio to -3 per cent; lower asset and liability ratios from companies were more pronounced in the first half of the year, with operations achieving high-quality growth.
Investment Recommendations: We reported in mid-2024 that the company ' s copper and cobalt sales were increasing rapidly, growing with certainty, while production costs and cost-side controls were better, asset-liability ratios were lower, copper and cobalt production were increasing and efficiency gains were realized through streamlined management
(i) Production of copper, cobalt and other metals in the first half of the year by the company Congo copper and cobalt: the company owns two world-class mines tfm and kfm in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, of which tfm has 5 lives
Lines of production, currently capable of producing 450,000 tons of copper per year, with 370,000 tons of cobalt as an associated mine; kfm currently producing 150,000 tons of copper per year and more than 50,000 tons of cobalt per year. In 2024 h1, the Congolese plate achieved operating income of 24.368 billion yuan, an increase of 444.78 per cent, and Māori $12.316 billion. tfm and kfm maintained fast-paced production and even excess production in the first half of the year.
Monthly production history; cost-end, recovery rates for copper and cobalt increased significantly through process adjustments, technological innovations, etc., with tfm and kfm decreasing, with significant efficiency gains; tfm became the first mine in Africa to be certified as the copper mark, and the first to operate in the world.
China: In China, the company operates two moly mines in three estates and upper trenches. In the first six months of the year, the company ' s management has improved and its performance exceeded its budget targets. In 2024 h1, it achieved revenue of 3,881 million yuan and Māori 1,553 million yuan. In the first six months of the year, the company achieved recovery rates for all three hard-to-eat ores and recovery rates for up-to-house tungslides.
Breaking through, the upgrading of the upper ravine masonry and the full speed of the technological barrier, adding 3,000 square metres of mine area: Brazilian phosphorus: the company owns two high-quality mines in Brazil, operated specifically by its fully-owned subsidiary, Brazil, and in the first half of the year, the results of efficiency gains and management changes in Brazil were remarkable, with production rising to an all-time high and operating revenue of $3.12 billion.
5.14 per cent long and 826 million Māori Cobalt ore tfm Cobalt: the company tfm Cobalt or Cobalt or Cobalt ore carried out mining and deep geological exploration work on the outskirts of the mine area, which produced significant results: geological survey of the Big Pumpi Cobalt ore, geological exploration of the depths of the tenk or fgme88 ore, which resulted in the completion of 6,200 metres of diamond drilling.
High resource volume levels and expected exploration results; approximately 2 km2 of geological filling and geological survey completed in the northern Kyaundji area, providing the theoretical basis for follow-up geological mining: approximately 10 km2 of soil geochemical sampling was carried out in the area adjacent to the north of the Pumpi mine, the geological distribution characteristics of the mineralized anomaly were examined, and the information obtained provided the target area for the identification and future direction of the mine in the peripherals
One borehole; 19 boreholes were completed, totalling 6017 metres, deep vulcanized minerals were well explored, and three scavengers were found: the company carried out deep geological exploration within the mine area and completed seven boreholes totalling 2,478 metres; and an open area survey was carried out in the northern and southern regions of the mine pits and 27 empty areas were constructed, totalling 1,223 metres.
(b) Elevation mines in upper trenches: the company carried out deep geological exploration within the mine area and constructed three boreholes totalling 1662 metres; construction of 47 production pits totalling 5222 metres in the mine pit for the purpose of upgrading the source and improving the retention of secondary deposits; and construction of 23 holes in the open area totalling 1932 metres in order to ensure safe production.
(b) Phosphate: construction of the company ' s 3a landfill began and programme modifications and optimizations were completed in accordance with the requirements of the local environmental authorities.
(i) Industry analysis: Metal value attributes highlight precious metals as important allocation options for institutions such as central banks, and the value of basic metal resources becomes more pronounced. In 2024, the global economic situation weakened, major economies gradually entered interest-reduction cycles, geopolitical risks increased, precious metals became an asset for industry and institutions.
With the spread of anti-globalization thinking, global supply chain systems face challenges, the value of basic metals is becoming more visible, global barriers to mining development are increasing, industrial mergers and acquisitions are increasing, and concentration is increasing. Copper: in the first half of 2024, lme has an average spot price of $9090.30 per ton, an increase of 4.45 per cent over the previous five months.
The global economy has become weak, and copper prices have increased significantly as a result of the scarcity of mineral supplies, the expected reduction in copper production, the sanctions on Russian metals and the expectation of interest reduction on investor sentiment, reaching an historic high of about $11,000/tonne in May.
After that, with the expected strong soft landing in the United States, the Federal Reserve’s interest-rate reduction cycle opened, and domestic policies continued to work, copper prices stabilized and recovered significantly. In the medium and long term, resource constraints remained unchanged, new energy, artificial intelligence, etc. were rapidly developing, leading to an increase in copper demand, and there was no apparent shortage of copper in medium and long-term supply.
In June, the domestic supply of cobalt was about 124,000 tons, an increase of 50.3 per cent over the previous half of the year, mainly due to the large number of imports of cobalt raw materials. Demand-side prices were relatively stable; in the second quarter, although national collections were expected to increase, downstream industrial chains were not operating at a sufficient rate and cobalt prices were not as fast as expected. As of the end of June, inventories of cobalt-related products in the country had been significantly reduced, and current stocks were concentrated in industrial chains.
According to statistics, the global consumption of cobalt accounted for 67 per cent of battery material, followed by high-temperature alloys (10 per cent) and hard alloys (5 per cent). According to Anteco, the country produced 398,000 tons of pre-trivalent drivers in January-June 2024, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the same period, and the 3c digital and tri-power terminal consumption resumed, with the new energy industry continuing to grow steadily.
Molybdenum: In the first half of 2024, the average price of molybdenum was approximately 22,57,000 yuan per ton, down 17,39% from the previous year, but it is still in the second highest stage of the historical cycle. According to Anteco data, the global supply of molybdenum metal in the first half of 2024 was 14.6 million tons: the demand for molybdenum metal was 72,652 tons from the domestic steel plant for six months, an increase of 25.4% from last year.
The demand for molybdenum-containing steel as a medium-to-high-end steel species in the context of the country’s promotion of high-quality development is increasing year by year, particularly in the form of high-end moly stainless steel, utex steel, high-speed tool steel, etc. Tungsten: in the first half of 2024, the average price of the apt was RMB 1 978,000 per ton, an increase of 10.69 per cent.
In January-June 2024, the production of tungsten was reduced by 6.33 per cent compared to 11.38 per cent in the first half of 2024, and the production of tungsten in the first half of 2024, a decline of about 57,340 tons in the first half of the year.
The country’s domestic prices are relatively stable, driven by favourable policies such as state subsidies for domestic electricity, new energy car subsidies, and strong demand for special steel. Phosphos: Brazil’s average Map (ammonium phosphate) arrival price was $571.4 per ton in the first half of 2024, roughly equal to corporate phosphorus.
On the demand side, the demand for phosphorus was 13.2% lower in Brazil from January to April than in May to June; on the supply side, the import of phosphorus to the port did not increase significantly, and supply and demand stagnated the price of phosphorus, which became vulnerable in May because of Russian and Moroccan producers.
Controlling supply, China ' s Map demand has suddenly released, prices have risen, major market participants have become active, and the price of phosphorus has entered into (ii) cost analysis: economies of scale and efficiency in management enabler production costs optimized Copper and cobalt production costs have dropped significantly. In the first half of 2024, the company tfm mine managed to reach production targets in the eastern region despite difficulties in reaching production targets in the second half of 2024.
(iii) Half-yearly optimized process, enhanced capacity and a solid foundation: kfm mines have achieved significant recovery rates through process adjustments and technological innovations, rising yields and steadily decreasing costs. (iii) Māori ratio analysis: lower prices have led to an increase in the Māori rate for copper and cobalt operations
In the first half of 2024, the Māori rate for many of the company’s operations increased significantly. The copper and cobalt plate Māori rate rose significantly in the first half of 2024, benefiting from rising prices and falling production costs. The company’s fully owned subsidiary, Sixm, is the leading non-ferrous metal trader worldwide, with trade networks covering more than 80 countries, and has built a globalized logistics and storage system, working through global distribution networks and solid cooperation.
(iv) Business analysis: gold/copper prices rose in the first half of the year to +234.5/+162.2 per cent for mines and 0.72/0.4 million for molybdenum and tungsten metals, or 14.4 per cent/+4.7 per cent for molybdenum and tungsten metals, respectively;
(i) Cost analysis: drop in cost rates during the period
The company’s rapid growth in copper and cobalt sales, with a high degree of certainty, is expected to benefit fully from the industry’s high profile. We maintain the company’s 2024-downstream demand less than expected; the supply is expected to release more than expected; and the Fed’s austerity is expected.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007,57165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.