Production continues to outpace expectations and expects the Democratic Republic of the Congo mine to continue on October 30, 2024 \triangleright
In a single quarter, the company achieved 51.944 billion yuan, an increase of 15.5 per cent in the same year, a decline of 8.4 per cent in the ring ratio, a net return profit of 2,856 million yuan, an increase of 64.12 per cent and a decrease of 14.64 per cent in the ring.
Dollars, mainly due to a significant increase in copper and cobalt sales and related commodity prices; the discounts are mainly costs and losses at the end of the Qiuzu school, which are inflated with the growth of Maori on the spot. Income tax (4445 million yuan) is mainly a significant profit.
This growth has led to a corresponding increase in income tax, in addition to an increase in the share of profits earned by the Democratic Republic of the Congo and a higher income tax on the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which has led to an increase in the real tax rate for the company as a whole.
\triangleright drops by $4.611 billion, of which 1.18 billion dollars for the ring at the end of the mine, 3.43 billion dollars for the end of the trade, and hedges against future end losses. The decline in the Maori ring at the end of the mine is mainly due to copper and cobalt prices
The decline in the ring comparison and the decline in the copper sales ring ratio, which, according to the fractions, results in a decline in the Maori ring ratio and an increase in the fair value ring of the derivatives of the basic metal trading business, as opposed to the decline in the profits of the spot Maori, income tax (+1.229 billion, as the tax ring of the Congolese gold plate improves).
Core point: Production exceeded expectations in 12024. Mine ends exceeded production targets in the first three quarters, except for molybdenum \triangleright, with the highest level of cobalt production, with the previous three quarters having achieved 130.31 per cent of the target for the year as a whole; followed by
The first phase, focusing on the pumpi and kfm 2 deep sulphide mines in the western part of the tfm, has now begun to slow down its performance, while the early work is now under way with the tfm 3 deep vulcanization ore after one phase has been completed or more information will be available.
\triangleright Democratic Republic of the Congo equity fund risk, etc. 1 incident: 3-quarter company report 2024
In a single quarter, the company achieved 51,944 million yuan, an increase of 15.5 per cent, a decline of 8.4 per cent in the ring, and a net profit of 2,856 million yuan, an increase of 64.12 per cent and a decrease of 14.64 per cent in the ring.
2.1 Cobalt production continues to outpace expectations, with a significant increase in performance over the same year, mainly as a result of a significant increase in copper and cobalt mineral sales and associated commodity prices; the discounts are mainly a trade-off between fees and taxes and the current-end Māori growth. Income tax (4445 million yuan) is mainly the result of a significant increase in profits.
The corresponding increase in tax receipts and the higher share of profits from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, as well as the higher income taxes from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, have resulted in the company-wide excess of production targets, with the highest levels of cobalt production, except for molybdenum, and 130.31 per cent of total annual targets in the previous three quarters, followed by copper, at 87.34 per cent.
Cobalt cobalt plates: tfm and kfm maintained fast-paced production even overproduction during the first half of the year, and copper cobalt production exceeded the annual target. The company produced 476.84 million copper/cobalt metal pieces of copper/cobalt, 2024m1-9, respectively. The company solidified the status of the top five copper mines in the world tfm, with the capacity of 3.7 million tons of cobalt as an associated mine.
Kfm currently has the capacity to produce 150,000 tons of copper and 50,000 tons of cobalt or more annually. tfm and kfm have achieved remarkable efficiency gains. Copper and cobalt, 83.70/87.14 per cent through process adjustment, technological innovation, etc., have a slight lack of production, mainly as a result of a decline in mineral grade.
phosphorus plate: The production of phosphorus is higher than the midpoint of the guidelines, with a slight increase in the same year, with the production of phosphorus at an all-time high. 81.05 per cent/77.88 per cent of the annual plan (median guide) and the reduction of efficiency gains and management changes in Brazil is 22.8 per cent less than the same year.
The sales of copper and cobalt increased significantly in the first three quarters of 2024. After benefiting from the growth in production capacity and the on-tracking of production operations, there was a significant increase in corporate sales of copper and cobalt in the first three quarters of 2024.
The plate shows a significant increase in copper cobalt, a slight decline in tungsten, and a steady recovery in phosphorus. The plate: the whole is stable and the molybdenum has increased. Compared to the same period, the cost of molybdenum has decreased, but the price has dropped even more, resulting in a decrease in tungsten per unit, a slight increase in the cost of tungsten and a greater increase in the price of tungsten per year.
This is remarkable. The continued high operation of copper prices, coupled with the increase in sales, has led to significant growth in revenue and profits for the company. While cobalt prices have continued to fall, the large increase in production has offset the fall in prices. The same is true of Māori, where the price of phosphorus has recovered slightly over time, where efficiency gains have been added, where overall Māori has increased, and where the cost of birconium prices has remained stable.
There has been a slight increase in sales, a slight increase in sales over the same year, and an increase in Māori over the same year, a marked increase, mainly in financial costs. Of this increase, sales costs of $72 million have been reduced by $52 million over the same year;
The net gain is mainly due to a shift in fair value (+2,536 million yuan, due to an increase in the fair value of basic metal trading derivatives).
Cobalt plate: 2024q3, cathode copper/metal Cobalt: $9210 per ton and $11.6 per cent, respectively
The same-year decline was mainly due to weaker downstream demand and higher supply growth, while copper prices were in the supply of US$/tonne, followed by a three-quarter round of steady and a 28 per cent rise in the base of phosphorus prices, as macro-emotion weakened, negative feedback on downstream demand.
The increase was mainly due to the operation of the tfm mixed mine and kfm, with little change in the ring ratio due mainly to the fact that q2 was fully produced. The volume of copper and cobalt sales was 15.9.29 million tons, with production rates of 97.9 per cent and 94.2 per cent, respectively, and there was a slight increase in copper and cobalt stocks.
q3 copper sales have dropped by 14.7 per cent. Cost: The cost of the ring has declined over and above cobalt thorium.
RMB/tonne, $7.86 million/tonne, minus 24q2, minus 5.09 per cent and 14.93 per cent, respectively; gain of 23q3 and increase of molybdenum costs on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to a decrease in ore grade; copper cobalt plate: the copper cost ring has slightly decreased and the cobalt cost ring has risen.
This was 306,000 yuan per ton, 58.7 million yuan per ton, the ring ratio changed - 2.36 per cent, +20.90 per cent, the cobalt cost ring increased or due to changes in product structure in the products sold.
q3 phosphorus is measured at a cost of RMB 21.06 million per tonne, RMB 2205 per tonne, ring q2 per cent change + 8.71 per cent, 4.81 per cent increase in entropy costs or higher sales due to higher sales of q2 tons.
With the potential of two major mines, which will contribute significantly over the next five years. With the combination of tfm, kfm, which focuses on the pumpi mine in the western part of tfm, and kfm II deep sulphide mining, early work has begun, with phase II or tfm III deep vulcanization, after which one phase will be completed or more information will be available.
There are more projects under construction, including the tfm mixed mine project, the kfm project, etc., which require considerable human and material resources, if some unexpected impact occurs.
As a result, the project is not moving as fast as expected, when the release pace of production will slow, with an impact on profitability. (2) Prices of major metals, such as copper and cobalt, fall. Companies produce bulk commodities, prices are transparent, and price fluctuations for copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, strontium, phosphorus, etc. can significantly affect corporate profitability if macroeconomic downturns or supply
In many countries, such as China, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Brazil, Australia, and Indonesia, corporate investment projects are spread across countries. If local governments target companies, or introduce policies to raise taxes on mining companies, they will be able to reduce the cost of mining.
Promulgation of laws against mining companies abroad is likely to harm the company’s interests, the company’s profitability, the FARDC equity risk, etc. As a result of the expansion of the Democratic Republic of the Congo’s mineral reserve, the issue of equity funds affects the sale of products, if the marketing problem continues to be affected, or adversely affects profits.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.