On October 28, Ningpo Bank published the three-quarter report for 2020. The first three quarters were collected and set aside.
The former net profit, net return to the mother, $30.26 billion, $19.46 billion and $11.27 billion, respectively, increased by 18.4 per cent in the same year, and the Bank of Ningpo, the country's first-ever equity-based rural gold, was trillion yuan, an increase of 17.0 per cent at the beginning of the year; the negative rate was 0.79 per cent and the ring was equal; and the provision coverage was 516.4 per cent.
At the core level, the capital adequacy rate is 9.37 per cent, and at the same time, active efforts are being made to explore diversified cross-regional development.
Relying on the market positioning of the three farmers and the small ones, actively exploring the path of differentiation and distinctive development, supported the increase in volume prices and the increase in net interest income. Net interest income increased by 24.8 per cent over the previous three quarters, maintained
A large number of individual entrepreneurs started, developed and grew up, and were awarded the Financial Times Gold Dragon Award, which was “the most competitive in the year, up by 8 bp and up by 1.86%.
4bp, 8bp, we judge that we have benefited mainly from higher rates of return due to asset-end restructuring, as well as agricultural comptoirs, China Banking Association (Citigroup) micro-liability cost control.
Entrepreneurship “Annual Innovation Development Award” etc. Increases by 11bp. Retail credit lending resumed at an accelerated rate of return on three quarters of bond investment, mainly as a result of an optimized asset structure. Loan balances at the end of September increased by 23.8% from the beginning of the year: from the beginning to the end of the year.
The net increase of $126.2 billion today exceeds the increase in credit over the entire 19-year period and the speed with which it is being disbursed. Of these, the seasonal features of credit in one company add up to the recovery of consumer consumption. At the end of September, the credit share increased over the net fees already earned, wealth management and private sector operations developed well.
The high revenue from agent-type businesses reflects the good growth in corporate wealth management and private sector operations driven by a strategy.
At the low level; with interest in the loan rate of 0.54 per cent, the ring ratio drops by 5 bp. We measure 3q20 seasons with an adverse net yield of 0.57 per cent, the ring ratio drops by 16 bp and 4 bp, respectively, and the write-off and additions are stable and asset quality continues to be excellent.
Investment recommendations: Three-quarterly reports meet expectations. The faster scale expansion, the positive restructuring of the asset and liability structure, the spread of the deficit, and the continued high asset quality. We expect the company to have a net profit in 2020 and 2021.
The company is given 2.4 times the 2020 pb target value of $41.87 against a “strongly recommended” rating. tianxy@dxzq.net.cn
Figure 1: Ningpo Bank's performance is increasing at the same rate, and figure 2: Ningpo Bank's performance is increasing at the same rate in a single season.
Figure 3: The performance of Ningpo Bank for 1h20 and 3q20 split
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the bank of Ningbo (002142): high fees, continued high quality of assets, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Ningpo Bank (002142): high fees and fees and continued asset excellence.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.