Ningbo Bank, excellent base, leading the supply industry, excellent base of the first three quarters of Ningbo Bank, high rate of harvest and maintenance of the roe level.
The quality of the company's assets is still at a better level. We believe that the company's long-term sound profitability is superior in its basics, that the industry has been set to lead, that interest and fee revenue are showing brightly, and that the higher level of the provision affects the net profit growth rate.
Ningpo Bank increased its net profit by 5.22% in the first three quarters of the year, slower than in the first half of the year (+14.6%, yoy). The increase in the provision was the main factor influencing the growth in net profit.
Quarterly net interest income increased by 5.8 percentage points to 24.8 per cent over the first half of the year; net corporate fees increased rapidly (+41.8 per cent, yoy) as a result of rapid growth in bank cards and surrogate operations, and surcharge income increased by 4.4 percentage points to 26.7 per cent over the same period.
At the end of the period, the company increased its interest spread by 19bp over the second quarter. At the end of the period, the measured interest-bearing asset yield for the third quarter increased by 13bp over the second quarter: the credit was positive for the third quarter.
Retail loans with profit rates increase rapidly (+17.8%, qoq) and contribute to asset end-of-end rates of return. We measure three-quarter end-of-liability cost loops down by two-quarters, 8bp, and are expected to benefit from lower market-based debt costs and a higher share of lower-cost public deposits in the deposit structure.
At the end of the three-quarter period, the interest rate was between 5 bp and 0.54% below the two-quarter period. We measured the company's annual deterioration in the three-quarters.
Taking into account corporate prudential operations and the need to increase the provision to deal with the uncertainty of the economic environment, the main risks to my rating by Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.:
The downside of the economy led to a deterioration in asset quality. Ningpo Bank published the third quarter of 2020, with net profits + 5.22% in the first three quarters of 2020.
Interest and fee revenue performance is impressive, and the increase in the provision affects the net profit growth rate. Ningpo Bank ' s net profit increased by 5.22% in the first three quarters of the year, slower than in the first half of the year (+14.6%, yoy). The increase in the company ' s provision in the third quarter is mainly due to the impact on the net profit growth rate, which is 36% higher in the third quarter than in the previous year.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company increased by 18.4%, although at a slower rate than in the first half of the year (23.4%, yoy), but is expected to remain at a higher level than in the first half of the year. In the last three quarters, net corporate interest performance was impressive, with interest rates rising by 5.8 to 24.8% compared to the first half of the year, with rapid growth in bank cards and agents.
The net gain/loss on the valuation of financial assets in the above-valued category decreased the same year, as other non-interest income accounted for 14 per cent of the revenue received, combined interest spreads over the three-quarters camp, credits were actively invested, Ningpo Bank raised the three-quarter interest margin to 1.86 per cent over the two-quarter period, based on our final caliber, and the company's three-quarter interest margin over the two-quarter divide.
Quarterly upgrades of 19bp, where both ends of the asset liability contribute to wider interest differentials. At the asset end, the measured three-quarter interest-bearing asset rate of return is down by 8bp, which is expected to benefit from lower cost ratios for market-based liabilities and an increase in the ratio of public deposits to lower cost ratios in the deposit structure.
At the end of the third quarter, the interest rate was between 5 bp and 0.54% lower than in the second quarter, and, according to our estimates, the annual rate of negative growth in the third quarter was 0.5%. In the context of the low rate of negative production and the increased level of provision, the company’s end-of-quarter coverage rate was increased by 10 hundred times higher than in the second quarter.
Division points to 516%, provision coverage maintained industry leadership; loan lending increased by 8bp to 4.08% over the 2nd quarter, risk resilience remained excellent in the first three quarters of Ningpo Bank, income growth and roe levels remained high in the industry, and corporate asset quality remained relatively high. Given corporate prudential principles, increased provisioning to enhance risk resilience, we moved down.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality. Banks are more relevant as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)