Corporate review report  Banking net interest differentials are back up, middle business income is rising high Ningpo Bank (002142.sz)
Wuping issued the three-quarter report for 2020.1) Performance slowed down, with a provision for negative profit growth of q3 seasons.
During the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved net operating income of $30,261 million and return profit of $11,271 million, respectively, an increase of 18.42 per cent and 5.22 per cent, respectively, with a narrower rate of increase than in the first half of the year;
2. The net interest gap has recovered and the asset and liability structure has been optimized. In the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved net interest income of $18.01 billion, an increase of 24.79 per cent over the previous three quarters.
The rate of growth expanded from the first half of the year to 35.88 per cent in the year-on-year q3 season; the net interest gap was 1.86 per cent, compared to the end of September 2020, when corporate client loans and advances totalled $6,65.276 billion, an increase of 23.85 per cent from the beginning of the year, and the rate of increase continued to grow, with an increase in the relative share and an increase in the strength cost advantage.
During the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved a net non-interest income of $12,247 million, an increase of 10.16 per cent over the previous quarter, which was slower than in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the decline in other non-interest income.
In the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved net revenues from middle-to-medium business fees and commissions of $8,082 million, an increase of 41.79 per cent over the same period, and from 34.04 per cent in the previous quarter, the rate of growth was slower than q2.
4) The quality of assets is better than that of peers, the coverage of the provision is higher, the asset quality of companies is better than that of their counterparts, and the ratio of interest-type loans is lower further.
Merit and profitability are among the highest in the industry. Net interest differentials have risen, asset-end credit lending has steadily increased, structure has been optimized, retail lending has risen, the share of debt-end deposits has risen and cost advantages have been enhanced; companies have contributed to the creation of diversified profit centres, intermediate business income has been growing rapidly, and profit structures have been optimized.
We look forward to the future of the company and, in combination with its fundamentals and equity elasticity, we maintain the “recommend” that macroeconomic growth is below the expected risk of deterioration in asset quality. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Any part of the report has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.