Ningpo Bank (002142): Three-quarters review of 2020: Retail recovery strong! Real performance excellent 28 October 2020
Incidents: Ningpo Bank operating income of $30,261 million in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 18.42 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to the parent company shareholders of $11,271 million, an increase of 5.22 per cent over the same period, corresponding to an increase of $1.93/equity; end-of-cycle total assets: profit forecast and investment rating: Ningpo Bank lost 11.39 per cent in the first quarter of the third quarter, but due to investment waves
Short-term factors such as movement, credit impairment, cost escalation, and so on, actually we think that the real business performance of the company is excellent. Three-quarters of the highlight is a strong recovery in retail, with high growth in both individual credit and wealth management.
▪ The profit growth rate is significantly slower than in the middle, reflecting short-term factors such as credit impairment and investment volatility. The first three quarters of the Ning Bo Bank saw a sharp decline in the profit rate to 5.22% (midtime 14.6%), implying a 11.39% decline in the third quarter single-season surplus, which is less common in Ningbo banks, where growth continues to be high.
Low income growth rates and credit impairments, including a narrow income growth rate of 18.42 per cent in the first three quarters (medium rate of 23.4 per cent), mainly affected by fluctuations in investment returns, and the performance of net interest earnings and fees remained in fact very high, with the firm ' s capacity for growth remaining strong. Specifically:
The high-speed expansion of loans continued in the 13th quarter, with total loans rebounding significantly from 23.85% at the beginning of the period, with individual loans rising by between 17.8% and 23.23 billion over the single season. The company's current strategic focus on retailing has performed well and is expected to grow strongly in terms of consumption, credit cards, mortgages, etc.
The increase in the net interest margin of the caliber of the divorrs9 ranged from 8bp to 1.86 per cent over the reverse trend, which largely eased the pressure on deposits (a decline in personal deposits in the third quarter) and ensured a strong 24.8 per cent increase in overall net interest income.2 The rate of growth in non-interest income slowed further to 10.2 per cent compared with the medium reporting, but the net revenue on fees remained high at 41.8 per cent.
Rapid growth indicates that wealth management operations, such as a surrogate fund, continue to perform robustly. The three-quarter income slowdown is mainly due to investment fluctuations, with investment returns of only $477 million in the single quarter (3.56 billion in the first half of the year), reflecting the short-term impact of debt market fluctuations.3 Cost expenditures and provision impairments are also important factors in discouraging profits.
It rose from 1.08 pct to 34.87%, and it also increased by 1.30 pcct over the same period, but this was largely due to short-term fluctuations in investment gains in the three quarters, which resulted in lower operating income, as it itself experienced high cost increases during the rapid expansion of retail operations, which were normal. At the same time, credit impairments increased significantly in the first quarter, with $2.384 billion in single quarters (two quarters).
Mid-year review: high growth and high quality $1.74 billion), companies are forward-looking and well-reducing in the first quarter of this year, and in the second quarter, “with satisfaction” less weight! 2020-08-30.
Value, this quarter re-depreciated the impairment, partly in response to table credit, to facilitate the recovery of the coverage of the provision to the first quarter of the year: the prettiest season of asset quality is still excellent. Loans of concern continue to be “double down” and the negative rate is stable at 0.79 per cent. This year the epidemic hit the ground.
3 Ningbo Bank (002142): Test water is in danger, but the quality of company assets in the second and third quarters continues to be excellent. At the end of the third quarter, the proportion of loans of concern was high, and new regulations were introduced to boost capital replenishment.
We have repeatedly stressed that the core of the company’s long-term asset quality is that sound wind control systems create uniform credit standards and a culture of wind control throughout the industry. Of course, companies also benefit fully from high-quality government platforms, businesses, and retail customers in the Jiangzi region. In the aftermath of the epidemic, companies have further accelerated the expansion of retail credit and wealth management.
Compared to many retail banks that have expanded aggressively in the past few years, companies have little pressure on the quality of their stock assets, which has helped to further expand their market share. There has been a sharp decline in financing demand in this area.
Figure 4: Increased interest income for the single quarter of the Bank of Ningbo 2016q1-2020q3