tclT (000100) Electronics report a return on performance, and meet industry opportunities from the layout of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company disclosed its mid-2020 performance to calculate the company ' s income from the 2020h1 battalion by the same calibre after reorganization, net profit from the reorganization of assets increased by 7.6 per cent from the same calibre, net profit from the non-repatriation of $182 million, and warmer performance from the 2020h1, mainly driven by q2 upgrades.
(b) Net return profit: 2020h1 net return to the mother, 1.21 billion net profit to the mother, net return to the mother after the asset reorganization, performance mainly affected by the epidemic, and delays in productive logistics and manual rehabilitation in parts of the tcl-Wayline.
• During the reporting period, companies actively responded to semiconductors showing the bottom of the industry cycle: 1) promotion of precision management to maintain effectiveness The efficiency gains are relative to the lead: tclstar t1, t2, t6 production lines operating at full capacity and with sufficient orders, t3 line ltps panels operating at full capacity, t4 flexible aoled high end, new-form product technique
The technology was rapidly upgraded and the t7 project was steadily advanced. 2) The opportunities for industrial restructuring were seized, with extended M & As: 60% of the shares of Samsung Electronic LCD Technology Ltd. and S3S were completed during the reporting period, 100% of the shares of the company were limited, and the core business of Samsung was 8.5 generation of tft-lcd screens (120k/k)
• Strengthening research and development and cooperation to expand the layout of the industry and develop long-term growth dynamics of the company.
(a) The Division established a joint laboratory with PV Sanctuary to study process solutions for micro-led mass production;
2) Expansion of the industry layout: the company acquired 100 per cent of Tianjin ' s Tianjin Electronics Information Group by means of a public roll-out; the core business of the Central Ring Group is semiconductor silicon and photovoltile silicon materials, which strengthens the company ' s layout in the general semiconductor field and is expected to create good synergies.
Headlines (2020-04-01) 2.tcl group (000100): renamed "tcl technology" to launch a new venture for technology enterprises
(2020-01-14) The compound profit rate is 30.6 per cent, maintaining a “holding” rating, taking into account the firm's competitive advantage in the industry and the certainty of long-term large-scale panel patterns of competition in semiconductors.
No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSI”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.