August 31, 2020: on August 28, tcl Science and Technology released the mid-2020 report, and a public announcement to win the three stars of Suzhou at a price of $1.08 billion (approximately RMB 7,622 billion).
tclTechnology (000100.sz) 60% of electronics (ssl) and 100% of ssm displays in Suzhou.  Performance summary: q2 ring ratio improved, profit released in the second half of the year. 1h20 achieved $29.33 billion in revenues, 12.3% in the same calibre: net return to the mother.
One hundred and twenty-one million yuan, or 42.3 per cent less than the previous year; out of the 7.6 per cent increase in the return on asset restructuring, the net profit on the basis of the same caliber, the company realized a net profit in the first quarter of the q2 quarter of the year of the q2 quarter of the q1 of the q2 quarter of the dollar of the dollar and an improvement of the ring of q1 of the q1 of the dollar; in the first half of the year, the company managed its operations in a cost-effective manner and achieved the same growth.
Production and demand have been somewhat constrained, with a one-time increase in the price of panels at the bottom of the cycle of 1h20 and the upgrading of disease control measures. Large-scale operations have continued to grow at a high rate, and product structures have improved optimally. The tcihuat6 production-led company has continued to grow at a high rate, while the 1h20 company has continued to produce and sell t1, t2, t6 large-sized production lines at full capacity, achieving a wide-sized product sales area of 13,67 million square metres, 52.9% higher than the same time.
The company's share of the market at the tv panel has risen to the second highest in the world, with the share of the product at 55 inch, 65 inch, and 75 inch, Li Xiaoqing.
The product share is the second largest in the world; business shows are growing rapidly in the field of high-end electric monitors and interactive whiteboards, with 86-inch interlocking whiteboards reaching the second largest in the world. In addition, the super-sized intelligent plant of 150520080004 is being built in phase II, with production expected by the end of 2020.
Small- and medium-sized-scale production is now back on track and accelerated. The company’s small-scale production has overcome the effects of the drought, delays, etc., and the t3 panel section continues to be full-scale production, and the module segment’s capacity has returned to normal at 2q20. The company’s t4-line flexible amoled phase has continued to improve its capacity and efficiency, completes the delivery and upscaling of brand products, and is accelerating the construction of the second and third phases. 1h20 small-sized companies have achieved a sales area of 530,000 square metres, a 19 per cent decline in the same period.
With a return to normal production in small sizes, it is expected that in the second half of the year, the company’s output in small sizes will be expected to increase at a high rate, leading to a recovery and growth in performance.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has been renegade to buy Suzhou's three stars, and the global panel has been formalized. The company has also issued a public announcement for $1.08 billion (approximately $7.62 billion) against \triangleright.
Itd House No. 1 West End, Beijing City, where 60 per cent of Suzhou's three star electronics and 100 per cent of Suzhou's three star displays of ssms, and the two enterprises' core business consists mainly of 120k monthly production capacity.
Three stars show that tcl will be replenished at a value of $739 million (approximately $5.213 billion) for 60% of the ssl stock, and that tcl will account for 12.33% of tcl and be the second largest shareholder of tcl. According to the public revenue of $3.08 billion, the net profit is $146 million. With the consolidation of the tcl-Sushu line and the start of 2021 t7 line, tcl will be productive for the next 9-12 months.
It will grow by 60%; by 2023, tcl’s combined capacity will increase at a rate of 18.8%, taking advantage of the opportunities for industrial restructuring and expanding backwards at the beginning of the recovery cycle in large-scale panel prices, and will continue to strengthen the profile of the panel industry. The three-star State line, as a three-star display, is a more profitable supplier with a supply of more than 80% to the three-star vd, and is technologically superior in terms of medium- and high-end products.
It is significant that this acquisition will further enhance the competitiveness of companies in large-scale business performance, increase their profitability, help them optimize their industrial layout, product composition, manufacturing, and supply chain systems, and enhance their vertical integration advantages and voice in the presentation of the chain. At the same time, the acquisition will further reshape the competitive pattern of the panel industry, which is formally recognized by the global two-man pattern, and further strengthen China’s continental cut-off voice in the presentation of the industry on the panel.
Looking ahead: rapid corporate growth combined with improved industry cycles, the elasticity of the company’s performance will be released from 3q20. At the demand end, the domestic economy has now recovered and the tv market has stabilized since May; the United States market, driven by subsidies, has seen a reversal of sales, with sales increasing by 52%, 25%, 36%, and 29%, respectively, in April-July 2020.
The global tv market showed a positive increase in sales from May to July, reaching 1%, 20%, and 10%, respectively. Looking to 2020, q3, ihs projected a 7.38% decline in global production capacity from the top 7 generation in the year 2019. And, as a result of strong demand for it, panel manufacturers shifted some of their capacity from liquid crystals to it, the supply of the lcdtv panel would actually decline more dramatically.
The accelerated exit of Korean factories and the delay in the expansion of some of the manufacturing capacity will also optimize the competition structure of large-scale panels. As the double-dip market occupancy of the panels rises, the cyclicality of the industry will be significantly reduced, and the price volatility of the panels will be significantly slower and the pattern will be better over the long term.
Investment proposals: Companies complete their M&As to Suzhou ' s tristar production line at the beginning of the panel price cycle recovery, with a two-star pattern in place, and the industry ' s competitive pattern is significantly optimized; and overseas output exits + demand recovery is strong, and supply and demand patterns are reversed at the bottom, which we believe will last for a period of 1-2 years. Companies will move into a two-way development phase of scale, high growth and industry cycle improvement, and corporate performance elasticity will be released from 3q20.
Risk factors: unanticipated growth of corporate clients; slower pace of development of new technologies and capacity-building; risk of excessive duration of the epidemic and fluctuations in the price of the lcd panel. Figure 2: Changes in average size of tv: share of global tv sub-regions in 2019
Figure 3: Equal change in sales of tv in January-July 2020 in China and global markets Figure 4: Equal change in sales of tv in January-July 2020 in selected European and American Asian markets Figure 5: tcl S&T operating income (billion yuan)
Figure 11: Revenue from sales of tcl-star products (millions of dollars) Figure 9: tcl-star revenues and net profits (millions of dollars) Figure 10: area of sales of tcl-star products (millions of square metres)
Fang Jing, a leading student at the Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and foreign companies such as Texas instruments have worked abroad, familiarizing themselves with semiconductors and consumer electronics chains. It is also the country’s famous semiconductor business that hatched in 19; the crystal ball, 2/3 of 18/19; and the Golden Bull Award, 3/2 of 18/19, electronics. Li Siuqing, M.A. Wuhan University, joined southwest securities in 2018, and the alpine securities, 2020, became familiar with the semiconductor chain.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, 2020, joined the Sunda Securities Institute to conduct research in the electronics sector. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for a portfolio of portfolio investment advice approved by the China Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is provided only to specific customers and is not intended for the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.