In the evening of July 15th, the tcl technology announcement became the final recipient of the tcl mixing project, confirming the withdrawal of 100% of the shares of the tcl group. In the previous period, public tcl technology (000100.sz)
In response to this mix, the Tianjin City State Finance Committee has set clear rating rules, in which property rights are awarded at 51 points, while the remaining 49 are more focused on industrial synergies and business management. Tcl is based on its fine management, industry-wide, chain layout, and cross-country experience.
In the last 30 years or so, tclT has accumulated experience with a rich semiconductor displaying industrial chain layouts, the only vertically integrated industry group in the world, from displaying core materials - core devices - modules - whole-organic production - to brand globalization. In addition, it has invested in photovoltaic equipment and materials such as Jia Weibo, Tico shares, and semiconductor design companies such as Xinjiang, Crystal Morning Shares, Incorporated North, Han Qing Electronics, etc. We believe that semiconductor displays, integrated circuits, photovoltaics, manufacturing processes, etc.
The management logic is similar, and companies are well ahead of schedule in the three above-mentioned sections, and future inter-branch synergies are highlighted. The Chinese ring group can be used to transform into a private business, and the company’s mechanisms can be more efficient. So this merger is a win-win for tcl technology and the Chinese ring group.
\triangleright semiconductor silicon silicon tablets: 8 inch silicon, with a total capacity of 500,000 silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon, with a capacity of 500,000 silicon mills per month in central ring, expected to reach 700,000 silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
Lines with a capacity of 5 to 100,000 per month during the year, expected to reach 150,000 in 2021. Photovoltaic silicon: the first Dw intelligent slice plant in the world was commissioned in the early years of the Central Ring, and the capacity of the g12 product was upgraded from 10gw to 23gw. On 23 April, Trina was tested using the g12 silicon-produced to Zeng component of the German Rhinetüv photovolt component: 10 July, the river of co-opt capacity.
With the successful end-of-product certification and the gradual start of large-scale production, g12 silicon penetration is expected to increase rapidly. It shows that the industry is entering the closure phase, and cash flows support the expansion of the company’s new track.
The price rise is a sign. And the subsequent line depreciation will bring the company a good free cash flow, which will support the expansion of the company’s new track. In addition, Sinda Securities Co., Ltd.
After the company’s reorganization, the asset-liability ratio has been significantly reduced to 61.3%, with book cash plus high liquidity and low interest notes close to $30 billion + more than $10 billion in high liquidity equity assets. In Beijing, the 9th House of the City of the West Side, in Beijing, is now in a lower position to leverage interest rates on corporate debt, which is a good time for mergers and acquisitions, and companies in the future to actively pursue high-quality assets in order to achieve industry.
So we think this merger is a win-win for tcl technology and the Central Ring group, and tcl technology is expected to continue to actively seek high-quality assets to expand the industrial chain, thanks to the company's strong cash flow. We are firmly committed to the fine management of tcl technology.
Risk factors: the company’s clients are not expanding as expected; new technology development and capacity-building are slowing down; the epidemic lasts too long; and the price of the lcd panel has fallen dramatically.
Figure 1: Tcl Scientific and Technological Energy Structures Construction of T7 Project, Huixiang Star II and Indohua Model Project to expand the production capacity of large-scale, high-end products to achieve global supply Figure 3: Tcl per capita collection of technology (million yuan)
Figure 4: Tcl Science and Technology Inventory and Cash Flow Days
3rd place in the new wealth electronics industry in 19; 2rd place in the electronics sector in Crystalball in 18/19; and 3nd place in the electronics sector in the Golden Bull Award in 18/19.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, 2020, joined the Sunda Securities Institute to conduct research in the electronics sector. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for a portfolio of portfolio investment advice approved by the China Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is provided only to specific customers and is not intended for the public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.