tclTech (000100) Participation in CMW as the ultimate recipient
The Tianjin Property Trading Center informed that the company became the final recipient of the project. \triangleright 1, the China Ring group, is a major state corporation under the umbrella of Tianjin City, with more than 250 holdings and participations, 4 of which are owned by the Tianjin municipality.
Listed companies, three new three listed companies, have established a number of joint ventures with Samsung, Yamaha, Eppseng, Hanhua, apple, sunpowerer, total, etc., with competitive advantages, bringing in $3.3 billion in foreign capital, forming a new generation of industrial clusters of information technology, new energy and new materials, new smart equipment and services, and core basic electronic components.
Four institutions, one at the National Centre for Industrial Design, 22 at the Municipal Centre for Enterprise Technology, four specialist workshops for academicians, and one post-doctoral research workshop with more than 2,100 patents and more than 8,000 technicians of various kinds.
It is expected that the strategic layout, semiconductor silicon, etc., will become the final recipient of the China-ring mixing project through competitive bidding, and that the transaction will not have a deal agreement and will require approval from the relevant department. If this mix is successfully implemented, the company will be the controlling shareholder of the listed companies. We recognize that
To the extent that Central Ring shares are one of the core assets of high-quality semiconductor silicon materials in the country, participation in this mix will help companies to strategically deploy semiconductor materials, wireless communications, etc., while research institutions under the Central Ring will be expected to upgrade their R & D capabilities and further expand their R & D teams.
The liquid crystal panel industry is expected to pick up supply and demand, and the company is expected to benefit in depth. \triangleright, demand from three quarters of overseas demand is gradually recovering, and next year's big races, panel sizes, 5g switch will be face-to-face.
With a global LCD capacity of 48% on the 19q3 continent, the concentration of industries will increase. In the long run, the continent has barely added a high generation line to the lcd panel, and LCD supply and demand patterns are expected to shift from excess to tight balance.
The Division, as the leading domestic semiconductor, shows a deep-benefit liquid crystal sheeting upwards the climate cycle.
Annual Report Review: The strategic focus shows a market share of $4,049.9 billion, corresponding to 22 x 18 x 15 x, respectively. Reference sw displays industry pe (ttm, arithmetic) 2. tcl (000100)
Event evaluation: production lines are functioning, stock buybacks are visible, competition in the industry is increasing: 2; downstream demand is recovering less than expected: 3; new production capacity climbs less than expected; Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, was employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and obtained the Chinese University of Science and Technology
The author has a qualification in securities investment consulting practice or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.