tclT (000100)q2 performance ring improved, acquisition of coded master industry q2 performance ring improved significantly, Māori ratio improved by the same year ring
\triangleright 1, recombinant caliber growth, q2 ring ratio significantly improved. 20h1 earned $29.33 billion, or 12.3 per cent, of the recombinant caliber, and 20h1 earned + 7.6 per cent of the recombinant return, of which 20q2 received a net profit.
\triangleright \triangleright
20H1tcl Star Camp 19.51 billion yuan, corresponding to +19.9 per cent, ebitda $4.63 billion, roughly equal to the same amount, net profit loss of $133 million and net profit ring increase of $215 million in the second quarter; panel sales of 14.2 million squared; television panel market of 1st, 65th inch worldwide; t3 line of ltps full of panels
Production operations, t4 soft-led line technology upgrades, deeper collaboration with top clients, t7 projects are well under way, with power production expected early in 2021; Hyeju High Generation Model Plants have a capacity of 4 million pieces per month and Smart Plant II is expected to end in 2020. The company is actively optimizing the product structure in large sizes, 8k, touch, and so on, with strategic investment in joled, plus
Rapid printing shows the process of industrialization.
1. The company intends to invest in Wuhan production by issuing shares (US$2 billion) + debt-transferable (US$600 million) + cash to acquire Wuhanhua at 39.95 per cent (trade for $4.217 billion) at a price of $4.01/share; to raise matching funds of up to US$2.6 billion and to make requests for issuance for cash exchange, repayment of debts and replenishment of liquidity.
By the end of the year, the t3 project could produce 50,000 large glass panels/month, with the technical content and good rate of the ltps product reaching a first-class level, with the second-largest market share in the world at the ltps-lcd. In 2019, Wuhanhua Star earned $12.98 billion, making a net profit of $610 million. The company will acquire 60% of the Sioux Star electronics and Sioux Stars showing 100% of the stock, respectively.
8.5 tft-lcd displays production lines (120 k/month of capacity) and module lines (3.5 m/month of capacity).t4, t7 tcl technologies (000100) can release + Suzhou three-star capacity integration, with a projected capr capacity area of 18.8 per cent by 2023.
Queries: Participation in the Mid-Cluster Modification to become the ultimate recipient of 100% of Tianjin ' s shares, with the main asset under the flag being the ownership of the Central-Close shares.
The main business is semiconductor silicone material and photovoltaic silicon. In our view, the central ring shares are the country's high-quality semiconductor silicon.
Synergy and empowerment at the global, regulatory and institutional levels.
The maximum size of the current employee holding plan does not exceed 150 million yuan, and the maximum share holding is 4,385.96 million shares, representing the company’s special incentive fund, which is locked for a fixed period of not less than 12 months. The number of participants does not exceed 1,800, of whom 6 are senior directors.
In terms of demand, three quarters of overseas demand is gradually recovering, and next year the big races, panel sizes, and 5g switching will be around 24%. The global LCD capacity of 1903 will be 48%, and the concentration of the industry will rise in the future, hopefully taking over from Japan and Korea. In the long run, the continent will barely add an additional lcd panel with a high intergenerational line, liquid crystalline.
The panel supply and demand pattern is expected to shift from surplus to tight balance. The panel price has been rising steadily since June, and as supply and demand patterns appear, companies, as domestic leading semiconductors, show suppliers, moving deep-benefit liquid crystal panels upwards.
1. Increased competition in the industry: 2. Downstream demand recovery is less than expected: 3. New production capacity climbs short of expectations. Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, has served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and has obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.