Good performance, improved revenue from fees - detailed reading of the Employer Bank's Quarterly Report 29/04/2020
14.54 per cent per annum), with total profits increasing by 5.40 per cent (by 15.78 per cent in 2019) prior to the provision.q Annualized weighted accounting standards adjustments have led to a decline in non-interest income.q
The increase in profits in liquidity (millions of shares) in 2000–2001 was mainly due to the adjustment of the accounting calibre, which led to the same investment-type income in non-interest income that increased asset growth and supported the expansion of performance. The decline in interest differentials was partly due to adjustments in the asset structure.
Interest differentials can be more optimistic. A faster decline in interest rates on corporate indebtedness would give companies the transition time they need. This year, the rate of corporate interest dropped by another step, and the company is expected to seize the opportunity to continue to stabilize the net difference at a higher level.
Credit costs and the rate of non-performing loans are both marginal declines in 2001. The higher share of loan-of-interest loans is due mainly to the fact that the public division places loans that have been deferred due to the epidemic into interest-of-interest accounting.
• A leap in wealth management business growth took place in 2019. At the end of the year, the average monthly rate of growth per month was 24.32%, with a total gain of 17.64%. Depending on endogenous growth so high without outside forces.
The rate of increase in net revenue from fees and commissions in 2020q1 was again higher than in the same period last year, at 27.78%. The wealth management drive will be a stronger foundation for long-term development in the future.
Lower net interest differentials, fluctuations in asset quality. - Good performance, improved revenue from fees (1) - low rate of growth in returns and profits during the quarter
Annual growth rate of 14.54 per cent), with total profit before provision increasing by 5.40 per cent over the year (by 15.78 per cent in 2019) q1 annualized weighted roe (2) accounting standard adjustment leading to a decline in the rate of non-interested income; 202001 profit growth at a lower rate than in the previous year, mainly due to accounting calibre adjustments, resulting in investment-type income in non-interest income (=)
Investment gains + gains on fair value changes + gains on exchange) have fallen more than in the same year. The marginal contribution of net interest differentials and cost costs to performance has also been reduced. Companies implemented the infrs9 standard in 2019 to adjust a portion of interest income to non-interest income accounts Harmonized accounting calibre before and after, resulting in a decline in non-interest income growth from 25.05 per cent in 2019 to 2.39 per cent of performance.
Contribution decreases. If the sum of the net interest income representing the main business and the net revenue from commissions increases the same year (3) assets expand faster and the net difference drops slightly. The company significantly increased asset growth in 2020q1 to support the expansion of performance.
A slight drop of 4bp in the last quarter was equal, but the firm maintained a faster increase in net interest income as it increased the asset growth rate to a new high of 10.67% in the last two years. The decline in interest differentials was partly due to adjustments to the asset structure. In the second half of the year 2019, the net difference fell, with a year-to-year difference of 1.94%, down by 6bp from the first half of the year.
The impact is on investment-type assets, with the rate of return declining by 27bp. Structurally, the defaults in the higher returns table and the decline in corporate debt and abs may be the main reasons. In terms of loans, the decline in returns on public loans and the relative increase in returns on retail loans, which increase by 4bp and 6bp. respectively, become the middle of the stream that sustains the rate of return on interest-bearing assets.
The lower line leads to a decrease in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities by 3 bp. (4) A lower line of interest rates will help to stabilize the net difference, which can be more optimistic for the future. The pressure-down schedule is a company’s long-term work, with no impact on the asset-end rate of return.
A faster decline in interest rates on corporate indebtedness would, however, give companies the transition time they need. Similar to the first half of 2019, lower interest rates pushed companies to keep their net interest differentials up.
q1 demand deposits increased by 20.31 per cent on a year-on-year basis, far exceeding the rate of 9.34 per cent on time deposits. With the increase in demand deposits, deposits are expected to decline steadily. (5) Good quality of assets and enhanced recognition of problematic loans
The company used the provision to compensate for the fluctuations in its performance as a result of the adjustment to accounting standards. q1 negative rate of 1.52 per cent, with a 2bp drop in the ring ratio. 199 per cent coverage, with a 4bp drop in the ring ratio. 3.03 per cent loan allocation, with an overall stabilization of the three asset quality indicators.
q1 does not create the quality of the company’s assets. The q1 epidemic results from the fact that loans that have been deferred for interest due to the epidemic are put into the accounts of the concern group. The adoption of stricter criteria for the recognition of asset quality is conducive to a more realistic reflection of the risk situation and a reduction in future disposal pressure on the company’s own assets.
Confidence in wind control capacity. The ratio of concern of 2.07% is only equal to the level of 2019 q1, and is not significant, and the overall increase in wealth management operations is so dramatic that a small drop in profit growth does not affect the long-term judgment of the company’s fundamentals.
This year's clear strategy was to optimize the “two layouts inside and outside the table” and to release the “Boards + Investments” strategy. Significant progress was made in off-the-shelf operations and wealth management. In 2019, corporate wealth management grew exponentially. The average monthly aum grew 24.32% compared to the month at the end of the year, with a total aum rising 17.64% compared to the year.
The rate of net revenue from fees and commissions in 2001 was again high, at 27.78%, on the basis of the high base for the same period last year. The wealth management drive will be a more solid basis for long-term development in the future.
Corporate fundamentals are excellent, and strategic lines are clear. The end of the liability benefits from lower interest rates on corporate funds, and the end of the asset has a solid basis for developing public business. The quality of the asset is stable and manageable. The table insider structure accelerates expansion. In an interest rate-down environment, the company ' s financial statement data projections are aggregated.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.