High-quality growth of the main track, with little more than expected profit, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
This is due to a decrease of $270 million in the return on the fair value of financial assets compared to the same period in the previous year; the realization of the deduction of $1 billion, which exceeds operating income, and the company’s real business performance, which is somewhat over-market expected.
The company's operations in the field of education have continued to move to the golden stage of development, with revenues of $2.33 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 27.4 per cent over the previous period. Of this, the company's “learning-by-doing” solution has been added to five additional areas, cumulatively reaching 40+ regions, and the use of intelligent reading techniques for delivery in advanced examinations has been extended to 14 provinces, with replication on a scale of scale.
Capabilities were further validated: C-end products continued to grow at a high rate, i-Learner sales grew by more than 101%, gmv at the Kyoto, Skycat platforms grew by more than 170% on the same date, and overtaken the traditional machine in 618 mega-promotions, and the brand became a product champion. In addition, the company recently launched eight new products in smart education.
Consumer operations are under short-term pressure, and multi-track growth is fast. The company’s open platform and consumer operations are affected by epidemics and macroeconomic disturbances, generating revenues of $2.00 billion, an increase of 6.1% over the same period, causing a slight increase in overall revenue.
But we believe that core competitive advantages such as company technology and product power have not been weakened, and that with the easing of the epidemic and the warming of downstream demand, it is possible to return to high growth. Moreover, the company's platform + track strategy continues to advance, with high growth in many areas: 1) smart cities achieve $2.18 billion in revenue, 42.6% more than in companies.
Taking advantage of the major opportunities of new infrastructure, the local effects continue to be highlighted. 2) Medical operations generate revenues of 140 million yuan. 40.2% more than year-on-year, solutions are well developed out of the province, and new smart hearing aids are introduced, starting to explore health hardware at the end of c.)ai solutions are directed at operators, automobile manufacturers and financial client groups.
It was smooth, with revenues of $1.09 billion, $170 million and $70 million, with an increase of 56.2 per cent, 5.7 per cent and 43.7 per cent respectively, with a positive breakthrough in the automobile business, a smart sound solution that was delivered on its own, and a wide-air transmission, and a platformed collaboration by Eyan; and a smart cabin solution that completed the first phase of the Great Wall car.
Cooperative vehicle project delivery, with a new generation of domain controllers based on national chip manufacturers entering the delivery stage. More than 140 vehicle-type projects were being delivered by the company, accompanied by rapid warming of downstream car sales, the second half of the year.
The increased frequency of equity incentives since then is expected to further bind core employee interests and help companies stabilize over the long term.
More flowers, increased profitability, continued development advantages, high levels of certainty in the maintenance of track revenues, such as education, health care, and consumer and automobile operations (2022-04-29)
No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or for, the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.