Quick growth in key sectors, and a steady ecological abundance.
In the first half of 2022, the company's platform + track continued to grow, with a fast growth in key industries, i.e. ecological enrichment and sustained growth in business performance.
Revenues from business were 2,205 million yuan, or 27.4 per cent more than the previous year, or 2,181 million yuan, or 40.2 per cent more than the same year, and the key sectors kept growing fast. The net return profit of the company was 278 million yuan, a decrease of 33.6 per cent compared with the previous year, mainly due to the shift in fair value caused by the three-way stock movements held by the company, the cold martial arts, etc.
• The industrial track has a lot of flowers and the i-economy has continued to grow: (1) the scale of the smart education project has fallen: in the first half of the year, the company continued to replicate and promote “learning-by-doing” and added five new cities and districts, including Lake Lake, Siangyang and Guiyang. (2) After-school education has changed positively: “Down-down” policy
Focusing on the main school positions, many places across the country have introduced post-school service fee policies, and now more than 8,000 schools in 200 districts and districts are expected to contribute to higher revenues. (3) The number of learning machines sold is impressive: in the first half of the year, more than 101 per cent of the students were sold, and more than 170 per cent of the students were sold, with the number of kyoto, Skycats and gmv increasing by more than 170 per cent.
Key sales platforms have been branded as super-traditional learning machines and have become good slogans. (4) Straight-line channels have continued to expand: " Large buybacks have increased confidence, emphasis has been placed on post-school activities.
On top of this, the sales of such products as tape pens, office books and so forth continue to be in the lead. (5) Medical operations are actively expanding out of the province: in the first half of the year, the company ' s general practitioner assistants covered 30 provinces, 353 districts (69 more than at the beginning of the year) and regularized.
Applying the model of the Provincial Project of Gansu, which has been successful in managing slow diseases. We believe that the company ' s report on the eco-sustainability of the industry is rich, that the industry has a lot to offer, and that it has long-term development and sustained profitability.
" High and sustained performance growth, with a clear strategy for the future "