Performance grew robustly, and the "Platform + track" A.I.A. application layouts and demonstration validations continued to show, reflecting a high net profit margin. 2022h1, net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $278 million, down from the same period in the previous year.
33.57 per cent, mainly financial assets such as three-person shareholders in a company, typhoid discipline and others, due to a decrease in the return on fair value changes of $273 million compared to the same period in the previous year; net profit of $279 million on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in a listed company was realized, representing an increase of 33.21 per cent over the same period in the previous year, while net profit on deductions remained high
Under the Platform + Track strategy, the main industry track continues to move forward.
Construction of a system of operations for clients of the g/b/c type, which has been applied in 32 provincial administrative units throughout the country and in overseas markets such as Japan and Singapore; the “Technology for Education” solution has now accumulated in 40+ municipalities and districts (counties) s01052111003
Applications; intelligent reading techniques have been accumulated in 14 provincial and municipal high examinations for official delivery applications; after-school services have covered more than 200 districts, more than 8,000 schools; 2) smart medicine: emphasis on support for the promotion of electronic medical records, intelligence services, intelligent management of the Three Ones, and general practitioners' assistants have been cumulatively covering 30 provinces and 353 throughout the country
Districts and districts have also been regularly applied to assist primary physicians in completing more than 168 million standard electronic medical records; the "Clerical `Four Diseases' Health Management" project for the province-wide senior population; the efficiency of smart health care is more than three times the efficiency of traditional manual screening; and 3) the cooperation in smart car operations covers Biadi, IW, Urai, etc.
The 2021 report and 20 companies in 2022. The 202H1 smart car business has more than 3.75 million preloaded and accumulated volumes.
More than 42.75 million units and more than 140 vehicle-type projects are being delivered; 4) other operations: City of Wisdom: Leitain 2022/04/23, covering more than 20 provinces and more than 50 municipalities throughout the country; digital government covering four parts of the 10 largest cities.
2. Review of the events in the Côte d ' Ivoire (002230.sz): continuous growth of performance, "supremely" promotion of cooperation in more than 70 producing city parks in the Autonomous Regions of the Provinces and Municipalities; 496 capabilities and venues have been opened by the Open Platform
The Vision 2022/04/12 programme, which brings together a team of 3.43 million developers with a total application of 1.52 million, links to more than 5 million eco-coalitions 3.
The market for commercial soup highlights the advantages of valuation, the i Virtual Man platform opens up new space - 2022/01/07 - to lead the advances in artificial intelligence technology, and industry is rooted in “autonomous innovation”. 2022h1, the company's artificial intelligence.
4. CMS (002230): The global reach of the CMS smart car business continues to rise, with poor expectations in major international events in key core areas of artificial intelligence technology - 2021/11/22
Distinguished: In February, the world ' s top artificial intelligence challenge, Capographbenchmark (ogb) 5. Science majors fly (002230): high income and profit growth, ai tops the list of knowledge maps with first grades; in April, for the first time, participation in the common-sense reasoning challenge
The opening of more than two hundred and twenty-two hundred and twenty-eight twenty-four commonsenseqa2.0 was the first to take the lead in the three major tracks of the 16th International Secrecy Competition; the above-mentioned results of forward-looking R & D investment further reinforced the technical barriers and leadership of Science and Technology.
Accompanied by the firm’s long-term development of a low-level capacity to build systemic innovation, and its continued competition for a strong industry brand of technology. The investment proposal is that a company, as a domestic leader in artificial intelligence, achieves the ai industry in more than two decades.
The chain is fully covered, and in the A.I. 2.0 age, corporate innovation proposes a “supremely” strategic approach, with “ground-based business” continuously obtaining large orders. At the same time, through the application of its own core technology, industry \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.