Corporate review report  The computer industry has seen steady growth in revenue, technology-driven multiple scenes, science and technology (002230.sz)
It's on a scale-down scale, and in terms of products, corporate education/medical operations/digital government industry applications/smart finance.
Zou Wen-sing, adheres to the two-wheel-drive strategy of “systemic innovation plus ground-based operations”, based on solid ai nuclear technology research and development capabilities, in education, health, finance, etc.
In the field of civic life, the use of artificial intelligence to solve financial assets, such as the three-way street, the cold martial law, through the three-tier connection of g-end/b-end/c, is the result of a decrease in the return on fair value due to stock price fluctuations of $273 million compared to the same period the previous year.
33.21% further validated the company's sustainable development advantage of “just-in-demand-in-post” expansion, with a short-term burden on the Māori rate and a flat cost over the period. The decline in Māori is mainly due to the company's efforts to move forward with "Build-in-the-ground"
Further increase in technology research and development, product innovation, and market expansion. Cost increases during the period are due to increases in employee remuneration and strategic grounding inputs, corporate control capacity, strong education operations, a steady increase in open platforms and consumer business, and smart cities.
In the reporting period, science and science science science and intelligence education continued to be scaled up and replicated as a result of integrated solutions.
5 municipalities, districts/counties in Hebei Pawding City, 5 municipalities, districts/counties in Anhui Lake City, Xiangyangxi City District, Guiyangshan Lake Region, San Mingsha District, and the rapid development of regular applications, which are now cumulatively applied at 40+ municipalities, districts (counties) level, effectively assisting teachers and students with reduced efficiency gains.
After-school services have covered more than 200 districts and 8.000 schools. In the first half of 2022, the sales of science-based learning machines increased by more than 101 per cent, continued to grow strongly and ran against the market to win the trade.
In the first half of the year, Gmv in Kyoto and Skycat grew by over 170% over the same year, sales by over 100% over the same year, and the net recommended value of nps for users continued to be industry top. Open platforms and consumer operations rose steadily.
Opening up 496 ai capabilities and scenarios, bringing together a team of 3.43 million developers, with a total application of 1.52 million, with links to more than 5 million ecological partners, to continue building a rich body of artificial intelligence and industrial ecology; and significantly improving the full-source marketing capacity of consumer operations for consumers.
During the reporting period, the company distributed a smart office book, air for light office, and a two-star track pattern with the X series of smart office sets. For the fourth year in a row, the SMS has been captured by the Kyoto Cat.
Double-platform audio-brush sales and market share are the first. Newscasts of the ai office complex have accumulated more than 3 million enterprise-level conference rooms, light-blowing platform offers multifunctional software services to more than 41 million users, eco-users over 50 million and listens.
In the same year, more than 10,000 summits were held, covering more than 400 million people. Smart city operations are growing rapidly. Smart city main operations cover more than 20 provinces across the country, with more than 50 local cities and cities, with good construction results.
In the reporting period, the company continued to improve the construction and operation of the people's courts, covering more than 1,700 courts in 26 provincial districts.
Cooperation has been established with more than 70 producing city parks in 13 provinces and municipalities, including the Long Triangle, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hainan and Xinjiang, to plan, build, manage and operate an artificial intelligence-enabling park throughout its life cycle, with the full-time support of the operators of the park.
• Investment advice companies adhere to the platform + track artificial intelligence strategy, based on solid ai core technology research and development capabilities, showing results in education, consumers, smart cities, intellectual transformation of business, medicine, finance, automobiles, etc.
The growth of open platforms and consumer operations, the growth of smart city operations, and the tracking of corporate operations as a whole, figure 1: operating income and the same rate of growth
Figure 3: Māori rates and changes in net interest rates
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.