With the fast growth of the multi-tracks and the strategic opportunity to drive a commercial one, on August 22, 2022, a semi-annual report was released, generating operating revenues of $8,023 million, rising revenue from the same period, and fair value fluctuations in holdings influenced profit performance.
At the end of the income stream, the operating income was $8.02 billion, an increase of 26.9 per cent over the same period, and a number of business breakthroughs. Specifically, education products and services generated an operating income of $2,205 million, an increase of 27.38 per cent over the same period.
A decline of 3.68 pct in the share of revenue; an increase of $1,441 million in smart city information engineering operations; rapid growth of the educational track compared with the trend of 300 deep companies; and wide market recognition of i-learning machines
The rapid growth of corporate education operations, the continuous replication and replication of intelligent education-based integrated solutions have accumulated 40+ municipalities, districts (counties) and rapidly developed normal applications with significant efficiency gains. In addition, smart news reading techniques have accumulated in 14 provinces and cities.
With the official delivery of applications, after-school service operations covering more than 200 districts and more than 8,000 schools, the value of the Department’s products around the school scene is deepening. At the same time, the sales of the 2022h1 Tsai learning machine grew by more than 101%, and the sales of Gmv in Kyundong and Skycat grew by over 170%, and the users grew more than 170%.
The net recommended value of nps continues to be industry-first. This is a good example of how the technology, content, and the advantages of the SATs are fully validated in the market and are widely favoured by consumer end users. In addition, companies respond to the policy of “double reduction” and are effective through the construction of a high-quality operating bank and accurate, data-based teaching, among other things.
Intelligent medical institutions at all levels to take advantage of the infrastructure opportunities to land deep.
Technically, efforts are made to improve the efficiency of medical care and to provide inter-patient communication, post-patient management, health insurance, etc.
Questions of science fly: one is re-emerged, the city is commercial in size, 353 districts and districts are regularly applied to assist grass-roots doctors in completing more than 168 million standardized e-promotions 2020-08-10.
In the regions covered by the general practitioner's assistant, the standard rate of writing and writing of primary physicians' electronic records has been raised to over 90%. In total, the general practitioner's assistant has provided more than 440 million assisted ai diagnostics to primary physicians.
In addition, the accelerated release of dividends is estimated at 2021-10-27.
The company actively explores the c-end health hardware, smart hearing aid products are approved and officially released, and this year, 3. "Waaan Securities _ Computer Industry _ Point Review Report _ 618 Lines " , has won sales champions for new items such as the Kyoto and Skycat equivalents.
Science and Technology: Year-round performance meets expectations, multi-occupy companies actively take advantage of the “large capital” market opportunities, actively take over the smart projects of key civic engineering, and are expected to enter the dividend release period 2022-4-22.
(a) Continued promotion of the innovation and application of artificial intelligence technologies in the “large capital” project. Currently, companies are in the fast, full-scale commercial high-speed, long-term, multi-level, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-risk, high-risk, low-than-expected business activity and demand for orders;
2) Government investment in education, health, etc. is not as strong as expected; 3) consumer product recognition and diffusion are less effective than expected; 4) industrial competition is increasing and firms ' pre-emptive advantage is diminishing.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.