In the mid-22 year of Quest (002230.sz), it was reported that performance met expectations and that the epidemic was showing growing resilience: 002230.sz was released on August 22, 2022 (Beijing time).
Von Trei Ting's Internet and overseas chief analysis, 22q2 quarter revenue of $4.517 billion, an increase of 18.32 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net gain of $167 million to the mother.
In a single quarter, the revenue was 3,506 million yuan, an increase of 40.17 per cent over the same period, a net gain of 111 million yuan to the mother, a decrease of 20.57 per cent over the same period, and a gain of 37.73 per cent over the same period of 146 million yuan to the mother.
Millions of dollars, an increase of 26.73 per cent. Smart cities grew by 42.55 per cent in the same year, operators by 43.74 per cent, open platforms by 43.74 per cent, consumers by a slower growth rate of 1,995 million yuan, the same increase in the environmental impact of the epidemic and advertising, and intelligent hardware by 485 million yuan, the same increase.
13.77 per cent. Revenue from automobile operations was 168 million, a decrease of 5.72 per cent from the same year. At the profit-side, the public three-way, tycoon, commercial soup, etc., lost or lost fair value movements. 40.12 per cent of the overall Māori rate, a decrease of 267 pct from the same year, was mainly due to the increasing pattern of products.
In cash flows, net operating cash flows for the first half of the year amounted to $1.617 billion, compared with 6.73 per cent. Smart education operations continued to grow, after-school service markets were more promising, and the ratio of education to education to end-of-end income was higher.
The company earns 2,322h1 million yuan in education, or 29.03% of the total, an increase of 26.73% over the same period. Of this amount, 2,749 million yuan in smart products and services, an increase of more than the same year.
In English, it is reported that the examination has been extended to include one provincial and municipal higher and six local and intermediate examinations.
In the first half of the year, new products were released. For the after-school services market, after-school services are now being built and delivered in local counties.
Camp, in the first half of the year, 65 new district and district platforms have been established at the district level, covering over 230 districts, with a market share of over 50 per cent; in the future, after-school service commercial value is realized in two parts: first, individualizing after-school service platforms
In the structure of gbc, the share of education at end-of-course c is continuously rising to 28%.
In the first half of the year, there was an outbreak and a trend in the advertising industry.
\triangleright sounds, and the growth of the open platform's iai marketing has slowed down. The open platform's business model is two types: 1) the high Maori authorized business, which has been growing well in the first half of the year; 2) the advertising business.
As a result of the epidemic, the advertising industry as a whole has decreased, while the open-air platform 'i ' s marketing business is still growing. The open-air platform industry has also grown steadily, with the number of developers and eco-cooperatives increasing by more than 50%, and the number of online applications has risen from 1.16 million in the same period last year.
152 million. The consumer business ' s c-end hardware gmv grew at a high rate in early 22, and the impact of the epidemic slowed significantly in March, but it recovered steadily in June, reaching 54% in June, and the gradual impact of the epidemic was gradually overcome.
The platform is open to 496 ai capabilities and scenarios, focusing on a team of 3.43 million developers, with a total application of 1.52 million and steady development of industrial ecology.
The application of the “Pedagogical Examination Management” in the École d'Etudes d'Education has continued to increase the rate of contact with district-level schools, sinking to the first level, and setting up the major opportunities for after-school service platforms.
440 million; on the other hand, explore new models for the efficient use of health-care funds to expand out-of-town operations. 3) In the field of smart cities, new intelligent cities such as digital government, smart justice, information engineering, several smart parks, etc., have been created, with 22h1 digital government revenues of 444 million yuan, the same amount.
66.01%. 4) The decrease of 5.72% in revenue from the automobile business is mainly due to the introduction of smart audio products into higher-value, hard and hard-integrated products as a result of the outbreak. 5) In the operator ' s business, in cooperation with the three operators, the construction is directed towards intelligent people.
Overall, the gb end business is more affected by the epidemic, and it is expected to be repaired in the second half of the year. The company’s core strategy is to increase its development around artificial intelligence in education, medicine, and smart cities.
The Division officially held a launch session on the 2030 project, which was launched around the immediate target of 44 x 28 x 21x.
i+ Smart City, ai+Car, etc., providing technology, products, and solutions.
Risks; risks of brain drain; risks of regulation of industrial policies; Bachelor of Science. From 2016 to 2021, he worked on Skywind securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electricity dealers, new consumption, etc., Woncos, Liu Wang, members of the Sinda Securities Media Internet and overseas teams, Master of Finance, Beijing University, Master of Computers, Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, Beijing Post and Telecommunications University.
B.A. in Computers, formerly in Telecommunications, first-level market practice for three years, business start-up for five years ( artificial intelligence, virtual digital people, etc.), with industrial experience in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, Internet, etc., is now mainly concerned with artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, vr/ar/mr, etc. The components have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will they be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.