Hangzhou Bank has continued to perform well, with the provision for coverage leading, and Hangzhou Bank is expected to continue at the top of the list for the first three quarters and net profit growth, with a single quarter for the third quarter.
/The net profit increased by 29.4 per cent and 34.5 per cent, respectively. The company's asset quality remained excellent, with 559 per cent coverage and was a leader in the industry. The company's regional position was excellent, it had a strong regional business base and, in recent years, it had continued to optimize its financial structure, boost its savings and loan ratio.
Performance continues to improve, provision for coverage leads, performance continues to improve, and the rate of harvests continues to increase rapidly in Hangzhou Bank during the third quarter, with a 29.36 per cent increase in the same season as the previous three quarters.
In the first three quarters of the year, net non-interest income increased by 48% over the same period, mainly due to changes in the valuation of market interest rates; net fees increased by 11.8% over the same period, compared to the first half of the year (+19.5%, yoy).
In the first three quarters, net interest income is expected to be affected by narrow interest differentials in the context of a similar expansion. In the first three quarters, net profits increased more than in the first half of the previous three quarters, the Hangzhou Bank maintained active lending in the third quarter, with total lending growing by 4.3% over the second quarter.
Individual loans increased by 4.5/4.1 per cent over the second quarter, respectively, with an improvement in the performance of deposits in the third quarter. Total deposits were excellent in terms of asset quality. The provision coverage was in the forefront of the industry, with an increase in the impairment of non-credit-type assets.
At the end of the three season, the ratio of loans of concern was 0.56% and the ring was 7bp higher, but the ratio was low in the industry. The company lost 8.565 billion yuan in credit impairment in the previous three quarters, an increase of 15.23%.
The rate of coverage increased by 29 percentage points to 559 per cent over the 2nd quarter.
The downside of the economy led to a deterioration in the quality of assets; regulatory controls exceeded expectations. Hangzhou Bank published the 3rd Quarterly 2021, compared with 26.16% net profit returns in the previous three quarters (vs in the first half of the year, +23.07%).
(vs in the first half of the year, +15.73 per cent). The company increased by 4 bp in the previous three quarters by 0.56 per cent (non-annual); the previous three quarters by 9.99 per cent with continued good performance, with the rate of increase in the rate of harvests continuing at a rate of 29.36 per cent in the same quarter as in the first three quarters.
In the first three quarters, net non-interest income increased by 48% over the same period, mainly owing to a slowdown in debt. In the first three quarters, net interest income slowed by about 2.2 percentage points over the first half of the year (+13.4%, yoy) to a narrow 8bp in the third quarter as compared to the 2nd quarter, but the narrowness was slower than in the 2nd quarter (the same caliber).
In the first three quarters, profits increased by 19.9 per cent on a year-by-year basis; in the first three quarters, net profits increased by 3.1 percentage points to 26.2 per cent compared to the previous three quarters (+23.1 per cent, yoy).
Individual loans increased by 4.5/4.1 per cent over the second quarter, respectively, and total loans at the end of the third quarter accounted for 42.4 per cent of total assets, an improvement over the company ' s performance at the end of the third quarter of 2020, with total deposits increasing by 4.9 per cent over the second quarter and 11.9 per cent over the beginning of the year. Of these, the business deposits increased by 6.8 per cent over the second quarter, which was the main driver of the improvement in three quarters.
At the same time, the Hangzhou Bank continued to maintain its high level of asset quality in the third quarter, increasing its provision by 0.90% at the end of the three seasons, with an absolute level lower than the bottom of the eight bp in the next quarter.
The first three quarters of Hangzhou Bank is expected to be at the same level as the first quarter of the year and the net profit increase is expected to be sustained, with a 29.4 per cent/34.5 per cent increase in the same quarter, while the quality of the company’s assets remains excellent, with a provision coverage of 559 per cent and a leader in the industry. The company’s regional position is superior, and the economy’s downside leads to an over-expected deterioration in asset quality. As a pro-cyclical industry, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Monitoring economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation is either expected to over-market the concessionary policy, or will affect the bank’s profitability performance.