The company announced that it had benefited from an increase in non-recurring gains and losses, as well as from a steady increase in the performance of the former Ministry of Electricity, 2017.
It appears that, after the relocation of the Shanghai plant to Jiangyang, the fc production capacity and advanced power bumping will form a one-stop service operating model that will provide a strong contribution to the restoration of performance. The number of new crystal-crylic plants on mainland China will continue to grow rapidly, and the company will benefit in particular from its use as a domestic seal.
On the basis of an improved industry and improved performance, we expect companies’ industry status and technical capabilities to be at the forefront of the domestic market, maintaining the investment advice they buy. Performances were slightly better than expected throughout the year, with an improvement in performance of 4o17: corporate announcement of net profits for the year 2017.
This increase is due to a non-recurrent gain/loss increase of $320 million and a steady increase in long-term electricity performance.
The net profit loss of the company's shareholders is about $290 million more than in the same period the previous year, if it's the same caliber as the previous year.
In addition to the quarterly increase, the negative impact of the 4q17 Starring Plum performance has decreased, with jsk (Long Electric Korea) increasing significantly over the same period the previous year, with business performance increasing by about $160 million.
With the completion of the relocation of the plant, it will be possible to build a one-stop service system of fc+bumpin, based on the low-cost advantage of the Chinese population, with advanced electricity, and the role of integration will soon become apparent. In addition, the number of translator plants in mainland China will increase significantly in the coming years, and the demand for sealing will continue to grow rapidly.
The Division is flexible in its performance and, in the long term, the company is at the forefront of buying investment proposals, regardless of its position in the industry and its technical capabilities, with expected remuneration (expected return; er), as described below: