Long-power technology (600584.sh) will benefit significantly from the industry's upturn.
(i) Four quarters of operations have improved significantly, and the performance trap is now calculated on the basis of the company ' s disclosure data and previous financial statements, and the company ' s four-quarter net profit of $175-215 million is reduced by about $68 million to 108 million net profit from non-return to the mother.
The company’s business can be divided simply into three parts – former long power, starry gold, and long power Korea – with a steady increase in revenue and profits, compared to 2016.
Speed up; Long Power Korea is the main implementer of the Sip project, and we judge that, thanks to orders from large clients, there has been a significant increase of about $160 million in performance, which is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future;
And it's getting better, and we expect that HSKP as a whole will return to normal business levels by the end of 2018, and that it is expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses by 2018. (ii) Sealing the taps will benefit significantly from the recovery of the industry.
In mid-2015, the company, with the support of a major fund, completed the M&A of Starcombing, which now ranks among the top three countries in the world. The company has advanced containment technology and is recognized by its clients, and the advanced containment technology now accounts for a significant proportion of the company's revenue, the future company.
It is expected that the market share will be further increased. The new round of corporate fund-raising will be used to expand production and repay bank loans, and the company’s financial costs will be significantly reduced upon completion. Large funds will also be the first major shareholder, highlighting the strategic position of the company in semiconductor sealing.
The semiconductor industry has been on the rise since the second half of 2016, with companies having pre-positioned their production capacity, advanced technology and a virtual idm prototype with the center core, and we believe that the company will benefit from a deep recovery in the industry, with greater elasticity in its performance.