In mid-2022, the company achieved a net return profit of 3.696 billion yuan, an increase of 3.58 per cent.
In year 2, the company achieved operating income of $54,809 million, an increase of 2.18 per cent in the same year, and net profit from the mother of $2.445 billion, an increase of 68.87 per cent in the same year, mainly from the storage and disposal of assets by the Government in Hangzhou.
▪ Innovation line expansion and accelerated innovation transformation. 2022h1, R & D invested a total of 968 million yuan in key research or clinical iii phase: i001 (light primary, moderate high blood pressure), i001 (anti-fluenza), bcd-100 (uterine, non-small cell lung cancer), srd4610 (muscular atrophy)
Sideline sclerosis), i008-a (chronic abnormal immune activation of AIDS); 2022h1, newly introduced projects: Benapern, plazomicin, carbon acetylene antibiotics and semi-synthetic amino sugar, respectively.
The company is rich in Chinese medicine products, with seven priority Chinese medicine companies, nine widely recognized core brands, and a number of quarterly reviews, including the eight bodands, and the six zodials: the main business is growing steadily.
Unique varieties, such as secret formulas and stomach respirator, where the proceeds from the sale of Chinese medicine are approximately three of the total income of the industrial plate, injecting new dynamic energy.
They will combine their respective product resources, customer resources, brand management, market channels, product development, etc.
And industry continues to grow, and the emphasis is on innovation, and business leadership has expanded. Shanghai Medicines, January-June 2022, has been distributed in the three main areas of medicine plus Chinese medicine plus vaccines.
The company’s revenue from the sale of vaccines is about $1.9 billion; the company’s non-pharmaceutical operations, such as equipment and health, are selling about $16.7 billion, an increase of about 55 per cent over the same period.
To increase; 4) Internet + platform development in commercial retailing, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.