Shanghai Medicine (601607), pharmaceutical biology has grown steadily, and innovative lines of medicine have been enriched by the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Net profit from maternity is 3.7 billion yuan (+3.6 per cent); net profit from non-mortality is 2.68 billion yuan (+5.1 per cent). In 2022, net profit from non-mortality is 1.43 billion yuan (+7 per cent).
Of this amount, R & D costs $810 million, or 6.2 per cent of industrial sales proceeds) have continued to enrich the innovative drug line. By the end of 2022h1, 50 new drug lines had been accepted for clinical applications and entered the clinical research phase, 42 of which were innovative and 8 of which were improved.
Critical research or clinical iii phase. In the first half of the 22nd year, companies were involved in WWF WCRT financing, cutting into the stem cell industry, paving the way for operations in the field of deep-drying mouths. 2) New crown vaccine promotion: in collaboration with Concino, a “super vaccine plant” (with an annual capacity of 200 million doses) has been built for 22 years.
In August, the drug Concino acquired a request for supplemental registration of the primary liquid line 1 and the formulation line 1, making it the only enterprise in the country to be commissioned from the original liquid to the formulation production process. 3) The Chinese medicine innovation side: with Yunnan white medicine, the Tianjin medicine convenes an industrial union meeting to further strengthen synergies and strengthen communication.
Medicines business: the leading edge has been growing, consolidating China ' s leadership in importing medicines and innovative pharmaceutical services. 2022h1 Medicines Business has earned 98.660 billion yuan (+6.5 per cent); Medicines Business Main Business has contributed 1.75 billion yuan (+31 per cent). 1) Medicines Total Generation: 2022h1 company imports 23 new total-generation products, in addition to the competing pharmaceutical industry
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed with excellent medicine to promote the listing of the new drug, Shivio. 2) Non-pharmaceuticals. Non-pharmaceuticals. Non-pharmaceuticals sales, such as 2022h1 appliances, health, etc. 16.7 billion (+55 per cent), with 2022h1 carrying out 363 sub-equipment projects, with a total winning value of 1.2 billion; the upper pharmacy has accumulated over-introduction.
More than 8,000 new items of equipment. The company has been actively deployed throughout the country, and successively has been set up with the upper medicine (Hangzhou) medical equipment of 1. Shanghai medicine (601607); performance has steadily increased, with the company and the upper medicine (Sichuan) medical equipment limited to a limited company, and with a focus on the Shandong and Beijing platform.
(iii) Internet 10: Incubation of magnesium health, taking advantage of the “Internet + Medical + Drug + Risk” pioneers, support for customized pharmaceutical services to provide “complimental health insurance” and continuous expansion of the coverage.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.