Europa Light Manufacturing (603833) Multi-type Synergy + Full Channel Layout Highlights Competitiveness, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: During the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved operating income of $9.73 billion, an increase of 2.1 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $1.450 billion, an increase of 5.2 per cent in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation to mothers of $1.390 billion, an increase of 7.4 per cent in the same year; single q3 companies achieved operating income of $4.77 billion, an increase of 18.4 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers was realized
Recovering profitability, advance payments are increasing. The company achieved 36% Māori in the first three quarters of 2020, down 1.6 pp from the same year, mainly due to a decline in epidemic-affected production and an increase in unit fixed costs;
The current Māori rate is 38.7 per cent, representing an increase of 1.1 pp over the same period, mainly due to the continued use of the higher Māori rate in the closet business. The decrease is 1.7 pp, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, and the cost of advertising, sales, remuneration and office expenses; Overall, the company achieved a net interest rate of 14.9 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020, and a 0.5 pp increase in profitability.
In terms of cash flows, net cash flows from corporate operations in the first three quarters of 2020 were net, at 46.5 per cent more than the previous quarter, mainly as a result of the increase in the bulk of the operating portfolio; the amount received in advance (contractual debt) was $1.41 billion, an increase of 3.2 per cent compared with the 3.2 per cent increase, a positive increase and a possible later shift in hand orders.
In the third quarter of 2020, when consumer demand recovered, there was a sharp increase in the number of items in the public sector. Specifically, the first three quarters of the season generated $4.13 billion, a drop of 8.1 per cent compared to the previous half of the year, a decrease of 7.9 pp, a marked improvement in the third quarter.
In terms of the Māori rate, which was affected by the lack of work during the epidemic, the Māori rate decreased slightly for all categories of Māori, with a decrease in the rates of kitchens/dressers/vessel baths/Māori for each category.
High, customer overlaps between the various product categories of the company, enhanced terminal-type synergies, more precise multi-product joint marketing activities in the form of corporate-led + regional linkages, cross-checking between closets, garments and security, and increasing the purchase rate for the multiple product types of the fitter customers.
In the first three quarters of the year, revenue from major channels reached $1.83 billion, an increase of 18.4 per cent compared to the previous quarter, which supported the recovery of corporate revenues more quickly as a result of the epidemic. In the first half of the year, companies agreed on joint product development and standard-setting with a number of top 100 producers.
In terms of retail outlets, direct channel revenue is 230 million yuan, compared with growth in Europe (603833): multi-purpose channels.
12%; the distribution channel generated $7.41 billion, or 0.3% of the same decline. The total number of shops in the various categories is 7172 2. Europa (603833): multi-purpose, multi-channels, 293 people in the stores, 334 people in the stores, first half of the year.
The rapid development of the assembly channels depends mainly on the company ' s strength in the first half of the year, its competitive strength (2020-04-29) and its distributors ' access to land support services, improved information and supply chain support products and staple materials.
Looking at the company as a whole over the last three quarters, the channels have been restored to good growth and growth, and the advantages of full-channel layout have been gradually expanded to provide overall quality. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.