Europa (603833.sh) q3 net interest rate has risen significantly, with 18.4 per cent growth in gross operating income over the same period.
The company released its third quarter report for 2020: in the first three quarters of 2020, the net profit of the company from \triangleright q3 grew again faster than the income and the performance of the ring q2 increased significantly.
The net profit of \triangleright is 961 million yuan, an increase of 28.93 per cent for the same year and 35.65 per cent for non-recurring gains and losses. Companies continue to promote cost control and business efficiency to manage business promotion.
By using information-based tools to improve staff efficiency and reduce production costs, the goal of profit increases faster than income increases is again achieved. 2020q2, the cost of operating company revenues, net return profits, deductions from net return rates are significantly optimized, the q3 Māori ratio and the net interest rate ring ratio are significantly higher.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the closet generated $4.13 billion, compared to 8.14%. The non-sellerware product continued to grow at a faster rate, with the branding class accelerating the multi-dimensional layout.
3.811 billion yuan, i.e. 8.72 per cent of the year; 502 million yuan, i.e. 14.00 per cent of the year; 485 million yuan, i.e. 17.51 per cent of the year, of the year.
Engineering channels optimize cost structures in a timely manner, focus on high-quality real estate companies, and further increase the recovery of 100 per cent of the profitable \triangleright q2 and assemble everyone
A strong share of real estate, with a substantial increase of 18.39% in revenue in the first three quarters of 2020. The company has set up a stand-alone sector to match retail agent projects in various product categories, taking advantage of the advantages of the Euro-seller cabinets, and developing 100% real estate strategies and project development for other products (especially the wooden doors and gourds necessary for the improvement of the condition).
In the first half of the year, the performance of the company’s major business contracts met the target. Focusing on quality real estate companies, with a view to deepening the mix of products and services based on a combination of custom-based home-based characteristics, promoting territorialization under the group-plus service provider’s engineering business model, through multiple products
28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, integrated services, comprehensive product price balance and high standard of construction management, personalization of consummated buildings
IC7 Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. \triangleright
Macroeconomic growth has fallen short of expectations; property regulation policy risks; market diffusion has fallen short of expectations; raw materials \triangleright price volatility risks; dealers manage risks; large-scale business return risks, etc.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.