The company released a three-quarter report in 2020: net profit/return/loss/non-return profit for the first three quarters.
q3 has improved overall revenue. The company ' s operating income for the first quarter of 19q3-20q is equal to that of salesmen.
The resumption of positive growth, driven by major engineering operations, and the further upswing in the closet business, reached 40.8%, the same level as the kitchen. Retail operations resumed at close to 20%, with base effects causing a slight slowdown in the bulk of growth.
Under the marketing strategy, the company ' s q3 channels recovered markedly, with direct, distribution, bulk operations and revenue q3 growing by 42.2 per cent, 18.7 per cent and 27.5 per cent, respectively, with sales, direct camp and speed increases.
Of these, q3 has more kitchen cabinets, guard bath shops, Europa closets, and Ophori are more closed. q3 has reached $1.41 billion with liabilities, q2 has increased by 124 million with retail channels q4 or will continue the trend of reheating.
Real estate companies, due to a higher base over the same period, have slightly slowed the growth rate of q3. The Māori rate has increased by the same ratio +1.5 pct, +1.2 pct, +2.0 pct, +3.0 pct, direct, distribution, large canals, and +7.2 pct, +2.9 pct, -6.0 pct, respectively, and the Māori rate of retail sales has recovered by the same ratio +2 pc, +2 pct, +6.0 pct, respectively.
The Māori rate has increased over the same period for all product lines. At the same time, cost controls have been increased, with a ratio of sales/management/R & D/financial costs for q3 sales - 0.93 pct/-0.5 pct/-0.4 pct/-0.3 pct for the same period.
One billion operating cash flows, with $2.13 billion operating cash flows in the previous three quarters, compared to 21.5 per cent on October 29, 2020, based on market prices, corporate full product and multi-brand escort growth, brand and channel advantages gradually emerging and retail operations stable
(a) The growth of warmer, bulk-and-package channels to enable them to fully enjoy the needs of the current round of rehabilitation; continued tightening of property regulation; increased competition in the industry; and slow growth of the O’Harry and the garment industry.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Light manufacturing: light work in households Figure 3. Māori rates and net interest rate trends in companies for the single quarter