Securities Centre for the Upgradation and Recreation of Consumption
3q registered an increase of 18.4 per cent, and there was no doubt that the company produced a three-quarterly report, yielding $9.73 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, equivalent to +2.1 per cent in the previous quarter, and a net profit for the mother, equal to +5.2 per cent to +1.45 billion in the same year.
The 3q retail end performed excellently, highlighting the vanguard power: as the impact of the epidemic subsided, the company’s full-channel capacity became more visible, contributing to the 3q battalion’s excellent performance. Sub-channels show that the first three quarters of the company’s distribution channels have doubled in the same amount and become an important driving force. With regard to engineering channels, the company collected $1.83 billion in the first three quarters, the same amount.
1q/2q/3q earned 3.8/6.6.790 million yuan, respectively, corresponding to 1. q2 full-channel growth, expected to increase in the second half of the year, the first three quarters of the cabinet earned - 8.1 per cent to 4.13 billion, and 1q/2q/3q earned 1 q/2 q, respectively
3. " Engineering operations are expected to drive the first basics to repair -- the 3q Māori ratio has improved significantly, and the cost rate has been well regulated: the company ' s first three to 38.8 per cent, despite the low start rate in the first half of the year, is expected to develop progressively with the company ' s ellipsic-free products and the positioning of its high-end market, 4q
q3 Channel Income Ring Speed, Woodgate Business Māori Rates are still expected to remain high. In terms of cost rates for the period, the 3q Rates have been reduced by 1.3 pct to the most potential - 3-quarterly Eurasia Reviews
17.7 per cent, of which 3q sales cost decreased by between 1.0 pct and 6.7 per cent, showing, to some extent, an optimal pattern of competition in the epidemic, in addition to the strong brand power of the company. In addition, the 3q management cost rate (including R & D costs) was 11.6 per cent, which was largely at the same level, with a financial cost of -0.6 per cent, which is expected mainly due to increased interest costs.
Beneficiary external environments and forward-looking layouts, customizing fast-growing poles: after better control of the domestic epidemic, construction is expected to continue in the second half of last year in the warmer and faster-epidemiological sector, and the overall external environment is more favourable for the company to run. In the short and medium term, in the face of a growing trend of fragmentation of the flow, companies are expected to continue.
In the medium-to-long run, the Europeans continue to achieve a clear advantage in retailing (traditional + dress-up) while the traditional retail base continues to grow steadily.
The performance of their peers shows that the company’s retail operations continue to grow, maintain its leading position within the industry, and that sales are bound to be the main battleground for the future, with long-term growth of the company.
The domestic epidemic has been repeated; this year's recruitment has fallen short of expectations; company sales costs have grown faster than expected; relevant report rating ratios in the market have been analysed, and then the averages have been calculated to arrive at the final rating as the market's average investment.