Alternative consumer durables and apparel q3 short of profit expectations, closets and dressings brightly
The profit increased by 5.2 per cent to 1.45 billion yuan. The net gain increased by 7.44 per cent to $1,387 million. Of this, the q3 battalion increased by 18.4 per cent in the same year, the net profit by 28.9 per cent in the same year, the non-profit by comparison increased by 29.5 per cent in the same year, and there was no new sentiment in the number of stores.
Under the circumstances, the expansion of new channels has accelerated, the impact of live broadcasts has been evident, executives like Yang Xing have been involved in live broadcasts, and orders have been transformed more strongly, reflecting the industry’s ability to dominate new channels and trends. And the company has been leading the industry again in three quarters in a non-alcoholic business, with a free boost.
A class of aldehyde-free board product. q3 in cabinets is positive (2.7% increase), wooden doors/guard baths q3 are equal to total equity/flow (million shares) Europa residences (603833) 2002 steady upwards, big.
Retail (distribution + direct camp) contributes 10.7% of the growth.
At the profit end, the q3 Mäori rate increased by 1.05 pct on a year-on-year basis, and in the previous three quarters the Mäori rate decreased.
Sales promotion. Sales rates for the first three quarters decreased by 1.7 pct, management rates and R & D fees. Euros (603833) reported a slightly flat excess in 2019. Sales rates for single q3 quarters decreased by 0.93 pct, management rates and research.
q4 performance continues to improve and is expected to increase robustly overall. The bulk continues, while further integrating supply chains and accessories, q4 revenue may be close to doubling;
Retailing continues to be under pressure, but is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate through price belt expansion and product upgrading (allocating environmental claims at a flat + 88 exchange for an ellipse plate); retailing of closets is extended and will increase in the future; and clothing sheets and accessories permeating, q4 is expected to grow at a higher rate.
The equivalent is 37/32/28 times, and the company's channels and extension categories are leading the industry, and there is still room to maintain a “buy-in” rating in the medium and long term, taking into account the production chain climate and Europa's leading position.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report