In the same period, the 24q2 battalion recovered with a steady increase in crop yields, and long electricity technology (600584), which was reported in the semi-annual review of 2024.
The benefits of the warming downstream demand, the company ' s 24q2 battalion, which has reached a high level during the same period in its history, and the performance of its operations, which are driven by factors such as the warming of the Chen Wei Quang market, artificial intelligence and high performance computing, among others.
The global semiconductor market returned to growth in 2024. According to wsts data, global semiconductor sales in the first half of 2024 amounted to $290.8 billion, an increase of 18.1 per cent over the same year, including China.
Semiconductor sales amounted to $872.3 million, an increase of 25.28 per cent over the previous year, which was faster than the global average. Downstream demand recovered, and companies achieved a similar growth in business performance. In terms of revenue collection, 24q2 achieved a revenue of $8,645 million, or +36.94 per cent, ring +26.34 per cent, and a single quarter.
In terms of net profits, the company achieved a net return profit of 484 million (non-recurring gains and losses, such as company 24h1 government grants, decreased by 39 million yuan compared to the same period the previous year), affecting the company ' s profit-side performance. In terms of profitability, the company ' s 24q2 sales were cancelled.
In recent years, companies have continued to focus on high-performance high-value-added applications, increasing the number of high-value-added applications.
In the first half of 2024, the company's share of market applications was: in the first half of the year, electronic communications revenues grew by more than 40.0 per cent per year, and consumer electronics revenues grew more than per year.
Over 30.0%, computing electronics have ended the adjustment trend since the first half of last year, and companies have been prominent in the area of sealing in the first half of this year, and are expected to continue to benefit from downstream heating and product add-on values.
In China, long electricity technology ranks third in the world among osat manufacturers, and the largest in mainland China, with a global city share of about 10.27%. As a leading global seal business, companies have a clear advantage in brand leadership, production size, technological capabilities, and operational efficiency, and are expected to continue to benefit from it in the future.
The increase in plant crop activity as a result of downstream heating of demand, and the increase in profitability as a result of developments in high value added areas such as numeracy, survival, motor electronics, etc., is illustrated by the “market index” of this rating system, a reference point being 300 indexes of depth, and the new three-board reference points being three index points.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.