Further warming of 2402 performance, smooth business expansion in various fields, and a review of long electricity technology (600584), 27/08/2024
In terms of net return, 2024q2 companies achieved net return profit of 484 million yuan, a year-on-year increase in net return and an accelerated recovery in performance.
Sou, while some clients' business volume has continued to rise, the company has been expanding its efforts to develop advanced envelopes, focusing on emerging applications, actively regulating the use of capacity and increasing its profitability. With regard to net profit deductions, 2024h1 companies have achieved net profit deductions of $581 million, or +53.46 per cent.
The same-year increase is greater than the increase in the net profit from the parent, mainly because the government subsidy received by the company in the previous year, which had a sustained effect on the gain or loss, was recognized as a non-recurring gain or loss, whereas according to the revised CSRC Corporate Disclosure Explanatory Notice No. 1 - Non-recurring Gains or Losses, this is the case.
In terms of cash flows, there was a significant increase in the first half of 2024, in the amount of 2401, in the amount of interest, and a sustained increase in high-growth positions.
In the first half of the year, the free cash flow was $1.16 billion, maintaining a steady positive cash flow output. 80% of the shares in the semiconductor are to be acquired, the reserve is to be laid down, the costs are well regulated, and the Māori rate and net interest rate are still under pressure: at the cost end, 2024h1 is to be sold.
Arithmetic capacity and car electron lead layout, Chinese sealing dragons. R & D cost 5.29%, same-0.21pt. The overall costs are well regulated and kept high.
By field of downstream applications, electronics of communication/consumption/electronics of operation/electronics of industry and medical electronics Xia Qing, where revenues from electronics of communication increased by more than 40 per cent on a year-on-year basis and income from consumer electronics increased on a year-on-year basis
The ring has grown by more than 50%. The company’s continued focus on high-performance containment technologies and high-value-added applications, coupled with a strategic layout of high-value-added markets such as automobiles electronics, high-performance computing, storage, and 5g communications, is expected to further enhance core competitiveness.
The integration of the platinum semiconductor is well under way and it is expected that the company ' s performance will be further enhanced upon landing: according to the company ' s announcement of 12 August 2024, the change of shares in the platinum semiconductor (Shanghai) Limited was approved by the platinum district planning and natural resources authority, and the company has received approval from the National Directorate of Market Supervision and Management
The decision not to ban the operator ' s centralized antimonopoly review (Attack II decision No. 259), issued, decided not to prohibit the transaction, the parties to the transaction were allowed to concentrate, and the pre-acquisition process proceeded well. We believe that the consolidation of the platinum semiconductor is expected to improve the company ' s storage seals.
Technology and product layout in the field of surveillance, further deepening of partnerships with storage clients, and consolidation of the site are expected to enhance corporate performance. The continued expansion of auto electronics and Chiplet operations is expected to contribute further to the growth of motor energy: automobiles
In the electronics sector, in the first half of 2024, the company ' s Automobile Electronics Department completed the pre-development of a number of products; in the middle-testing process automation programmes at the port factory, the company completed the development and certification of high-reliability core materials.
In the area of chipplet, the company’s design services industry has successfully completed complex and advanced encapsulations.
Chiplet imitates the project and delivers it to strategic key clients well; the design of the imitation platform is new and well-functioning, significantly increasing the load carrying capacity of the imitation design. Profit predictions and investment proposals: corporate recovery accelerates, cost controls are generally smooth, but Māori
Risk factors: downstream terminal recovery less than expected; i industrial chain development less than expected; technology development less than expected; increased market competition; and risk of volatility in overseas markets.