Performance repair strong, focused on high performance and advanced envelopes Investment rating: Increase (maintain) August 24, 2024, Long Power Technology Bulletin, semi-annual report for the first half of the year
One billion yuan, or 25.0 per cent in the same year; 580 million yuan in the first half of the year, or 46.9 per cent in the same year; 480 million yuan in the single quarter, or 25.5 per cent in the same year; and 470 million yuan in the first quarter, or 46.9 per cent in the same year.
• Robust performance repair, high-speed motor electronic growth of $6.84 billion in one quarter, an increase of 16.8 per cent in the same year and $8.65 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 36.9 per cent in the same year and 26.3 per cent in the ring in the first half of 2024, the company achieved a net return to its mother.
RMB 620 million, an increase of 25.0 per cent over the same period; of this amount, the net profit for the first quarter was RMB 140 million, an increase of 23.0 per cent over the same period, the net profit for the second quarter was RMB 480 million, an increase of 25.5 per cent over the same period.
Sub-percent 7.5 per cent, auto-electronics 8.3 per cent; double-digit growth in the second quarter, global auto-electronics industry with adjusted stocks, weak growth, income ring growth of over 50 per cent; and communications electronics revenue growth in the first half of 2024.
Over 40.0 per cent, consumer electronics revenue grew by more than 30.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, computing electronics ended last year with a high focus on high-performance advanced seals, a greater market share in the storage area, advanced seals bringing new growth opportunities, power generation, intel, etc.
Increased investment in semiconductor encapsulation brings more opportunities and challenges for semiconductor encapsulating firms, long-electric focus on high quality, advanced containment, enhanced innovation upgrading, and robust business development. The company ' s Xdfoi Chiplet high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration series has entered the stable production stage as planned, but can be
To provide customers with solutions for the manufacture of chip products that are lighter, faster data transmission rates and less power-depletion, using high performance calculations, artificial intelligence, 5g, auto electrons, etc.
According to the operations of three major subsidiaries of the company, Starcomb earned $840 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 4.3 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $78 million, an increase of 44.1 per cent in the same year; Long Electricity, the top half of Korea, 2. Long Power Technology: q3 Income Ring, an increase.
Advanced encapsulation and auto electronics, billions of yuan, a 147.7 per cent increase in the same year; in the product structure of the above-mentioned subsidiary, high-performance envelopes account for 3. Long-power technology: q2 net profit ring increases significantly.
And in the semiconductor storage market, the company's sealing services cover dram, flash, etc.
A storage chip product, with more than 20 years of memory encapsulation experience, 16 floors of nadflash stacking, 35m ultra thin chip production capability, hybrid heterogenetic stacking, etc., is in the lead in the domestic industry. The company promotes the acquisition of 80% of the semiconductor shareholding project and expands the company's storage.
The market share in the electronics sector has created a firm’s leading position in the global storage market, with less than expected acquisitions, less than anticipated lockdowns, less than expected expansion, more competitive markets, and less technology development.
• Use information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.