Long-power technology (600584.sh) Increases in the double-digit average income of each downstream in the second quarter, the return of the Māori ring in the second quarter, the same increase in the Māori ring in the second quarter, and the increase in the Māori ring ratio.
In the second quarter, the average downstream income increased by two digits, with the electronic income ratio of automobiles increasing by more than 50%. Downstreamly, in the first half of 2024, electronic income from communications grew by more than 40%, or 41.3% (youy achieved a double-digit increase in the electronic income ratio of automobiles by more than 50%).
Continue to increase research and development inputs, focusing on high-value-added applications. In the first half of the year, the Automobile Electronics Department successfully completed the pre-development work on many products; several process automation programmes at the Chinese test line landing in the Jiangyang factory, completing the development and certification of high-reliability core materials; and full-scale advancement with the forward crystallization and rear end.
In addition, the Design Services Department successfully completes the complex advanced encapsulation design and the Chiplet simulation project and delivers it to the strategic key clients; the design simulation platform is newly online and functioning well.
In 2023-2029, the state-of-the-art capper collection is expected to be 11% and the company’s state-of-the-art wrapping technology is comprehensive. According to Yole, in 2023, the state-of-the-art seal collection was $37.8 billion, and is expected to grow to $69.5 billion in 2029, or 11%.
Advanced containment techniques for semiconductors with industry leadership in important areas such as power and energy, automobiles and industry (e.g., sip, wl-csp, fc, ewlb, pip, pop and xdf0i) and mixed signal/radio frequency integration circuit tests and resource advantages, and to achieve mass production that can provide market and customer quantities
Tailored technological solutions will benefit from an increase in advanced encapsulation demand. Long Electric Technologies (600584.sh) - Temperature warming, accelerated deployment of cars, investment proposals: leading semiconductor sealers around the world, maintaining a “better rating than big markets.”
Long Power Technology (600584.sh) - Proposed acquisition of Lighthouse Plant under the Western Data Flag, Extension of Storage Chip Layout - Long Power Technology (600584.sh) - Continue Recovering Performance in the Fourth Quarter -
Long Electric Technology (600584.sh) - 31% increase in the three-quarter harvest, which is considered advanced. Long Electric Technology (600584.sh) - 2-quarter performance has improved significantly.
Figure 4: Quality of corporate profits Figure 5: Single-season revenue and growth rate of companies Figure 6: Single-season net profit return of companies and rate of increase
Figure 7: Māori rates for companies, changes in net interest rates Figure 8: Main rates for companies Figure 9: Quarterly Māori rates for companies, net interest rates
Figure 10: Quarterly rates of companies. Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence; authors ' past, present or future absence of studies on them