Long-power technology (600584.sh) Electronic integrated circuits iii Focus on high-value-added applications, advanced encapsulation capacity utilization/net increase in profits
In 2024, the global semiconductor market returned to its growth trajectory. Long-electric technology focused on key applications.
Domains, in important areas such as high-altitude and corresponding storage and connection, ai end, power and energy, automobiles and industry, with industry-led semiconductor advanced containment technologies (e.g., sip, wl-csp, fc, ewlb, pip, pop and xdfoi series) and mixed signal/radio frequency integrated circuit tests and resource advantages, and mass production.
A technology-specific solution can be provided to the market and customers. 2024h1 achieves business income for the people with an increase of 50 per cent in the electronic income of cars; 2024h1 with an increase of 40 per cent per year for telecommunications; and an increase of 30.0 per cent per year for consumer electronics, and the closure of the electronics since the first half of last year.
We continue to increase our research and development investment, focusing on high-value-added applications.
Completion of the development and certification of high-reliability core materials; over 200 acres of land, up to two years of construction of the new advanced containment plant Sun Peak ELECOME project on equipment entry; full-scale advancement of strategic alignment with the forward crystallization plant and back-track terminal clients
To build a new car chip ecological chain system dedicated to building a closer and more efficient industrial chain of dry seafood systems; to design services, which successfully completed complex advanced encapsulation design and chipplet simulation projects; and
Successfully delivered to strategic key clients; newly online and well-functioning virtual cloud platform design, which has significantly improved the capacity of the simulation load load; significant progress has also been made in the secondary development of the package design software; and the Division has actively sought strategic M&A opportunities to facilitate the acquisition of 80 per cent of the stockholdings of the Shatter Semiconductor and to expand the company ' s storage.
Building closer strategic partnerships with clients to provide a solid basis for companies to continue to develop and take the lead in the global semiconductor storage market.
To enhance the functionality and brand image of overseas headquarters, and to enhance brand visibility and market influence. Continuous investment in domestic domain research and development – Chinese securities – electronics – long power technology – and the external industry have been enhanced.
Long-term electricity technology: China will control people in practice, the industry will benefit from the recovery and growth of demand for electronics/communications/constructs, and the growth of productivity utilization/net interest rates in advanced containment areas.
(1) statschippacptte.ltd: Main semiconductor encapsulation design, bulge, needle measurements, sealing, testing, and cabling solutions provider. 24h1 industry climate regresses, telecommunications, computing electronics, etc. Long power technology: acquisition of storage advantages & upgrading of customer glue
Market demand has recovered, orders have increased, and capacity utilization has increased, resulting in higher net profits. 24h1 public, and performance is expected to improve continuously – Joaquin securities – electronics — 44.09%. (2) Long power Korea: high-end packaging test product, mainly high-sip product sealing.
Long-power technology: q4 total orders returned to the same period last year, tested. The semiconductor sector showed a recovery trend compared to 23H1, with warmer market demand, strong power growth in communications and consumer electronics in a number of areas - Joaquin Securities - Electronics - Long Electrics.
Growth in demand and higher capacity utilization have led to higher net profits. 24h1 operating income of $862 million, compared to the same amount. Long power technology: Xdfoi platform supported, sounding arithmetic/conductor chip concussions and sealing test products. 24h1 related end-market product demand recovery, customer-to-firm cores.
The stock/car trio - Joaquin securities - electronics - company depth - and the demand for block capacity have risen, resulting in a significant increase in capacity utilization, resulting in a significant increase in performance. The 24h1 Department ' s operating income was $735 million, representing an increase of 19.03 per cent over the same period; the net profit of 118 million yuan, representing an increase of 147.73 per cent over the same period.
(4) Long-term electric technology (relocation): Primary development, development, production, marketing of semiconductors, electronic originals, specialized electronics and electrical devices. 24h1 domestic end-use and power management markets are gradually warming, but competition remains intense, with companies continuously upgrading their product structures to meet market demand, with a small increase in capacity utilization and a narrow reduction in losses.
The business income of 24h1 companies was 508 million yuan, an increase of 22.78 per cent in the same year; the net loss was $15 million, a decrease of 25.49 per cent in the same year. (5) Long-power technology (Zongzhou): primary development, development, production, sale of semiconductors, originals, specialized electronics and electrical devices.
Pressure, a slower recovery in capacity utilization, resulting in a net loss. 24h1 company operating income of $439 million increased by 8.13 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a net loss of $4.270 million, or 129.20 per cent less on a year-on-year basis.
The multi-dimensional isomer integration process has entered the production stabilization stage as planned, with future markets such as numeracy/sustainability/cars continuing to demand for advanced encapsulations, consolidating the advantages or highlights of industrial resource integration, such as platinum semiconductor/hua Yum, and maintaining the “buy-a” rating.
This is due to the risks of industrialization; the availability of primary raw materials and the risk of price changes.