24q2 battalion, over-expected profits, full layout of arithmetical and storage track 23/08/2024 Event: 23/08, long-electric technology released its semi-annual report for 2024 and company 24h1 collected
154.7 million yuan, yoy+27.22 per cent; net return to the mother 619 million, yoy+24.96 per cent; actual 24q2 battalion profit collection over-expected and full downstream market recovery. 24q2 quarter corporate recovery \triangleright \triangleright
Revenues grew by more than 30% over the same year, computing electronics by more than 20% over the same year, and several downstream lanes recovered. In terms of profit margins, 24q2 quarter Māori rates reached 14.28%, qoq+2.08 pct, yoy - in the business layout, the focus of the company is high numeracy and corresponding storage and connection, ai end side, power and energy, cars
In important areas, such as industry, there are many new business openings and technological breakthroughs that are expected to generate sustained growth.
The roll-out of the Xdfoichiplet high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration series has reached the stage of stabilization of production production. Companies have installed aigc and communications base power modules in addition to the computing chip, working closely with head users.
1. Long-power technology (600584.sh) 3-quarterly reporting points in 2023, plus-coded storage tracks, and acquisition of disks to increase market share. In the semiconductor storage market, corporate seal \triangleright
In March 2024, the company announced its intention to acquire the western data flag, Nand.
Automobile electronics continued to grow, expanding production capacity at port plants. Automobile electronics grew by more than 50 per cent in the first quarter of 24q2, and companies continued to increase their investment, with smart cabins, smart networks, and the use of electronics.
In February 2024, we received a second round of major fund replenishments. We looked at the company’s long-term growth in the constant input of computing, storage, etc., and kept the ‘recommended’.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.