On December 13, 2019, the company issued an announcement to consider the adoption of the Act on the Authorization of Company Management to Start a Company.
a+h became an important source of finance and an incentive platform for pharmaceutical outsourcers to expand access to finance and accelerate internationalization.
“... we believe that this reflects the expansion of financing by pharmaceutical outsourcers, the acceleration of internationalization and the upgrading of global branding in the context of the continuing need for internationalization, in comparison with the valuation of a share of comparative advantage.
The Unit is an important initiative in comparison with the trend of depth 300.”2 The internationalization of the Medical Outsourcing Blocks is a little more than we expected. We started the important stock selection criteria for the Medical Blocks in depth in early 2019, and we put forward important elements, including the Medical Outsourcing Blocks.
In 2019, we saw Conlon marketed, Teg pharmaceutical company dreamcis started listing, and drug Mind acquired pharmapace, all of which reflect the current development of domestic pharmaceutical outsourcing companies across borders.
In the context of the internationalization of domestic innovation drug research and development, the \triangleright company, as the leader of its own local clinic, has been expanding overseas.
Sex is not obvious, it is a segmented area in which the ability to upgrade services needs to be globalized, and it is the biggest difference between the offshore business of Tiger Medicine and other indigenous pre-cro\cdmo. These differences also make the clinical area more internationalized and well-placed; in response, the company also revealed in its 2018 annual report that “No”
Over the past five years...a global network of clinical services has been set up with a focus on globalization, building the capacity of the governance of globalization projects to provide integrated solutions for global research and development....” In the expression of this development strategy, we believe that corporate management has long been aware of the need for accelerated international expansion based on current domestic services.
1. Tagger Medicine (300347): In recent years, the development of clinical services networks in the United States, Europe, Asia and the Pacific, we also believe that the pace of pre-clinical operations is accelerating and deserves attention.
2. Tegl Medicine (300347) tracks the important challenges of Japan (the separate listing of Korea, Fangda, an exploration) and the listing of the parent company a+h, we recognize.
To be an important exploration for the expansion of corporate governance radius, we have a relatively positive view of the financing of this exploration, the deepening of Bencro's cooperation, attention to the progress of internationalization, the ease of M&As, incentives, and the importance of raising our own alpha at the same time as the industry's beta dividend.
We maintain a “recommended” rating for the industry as it continues. Risks of deteriorating financing of innovative drug injections, risks of policy fluctuations in clinical trials, and less integration of new operations than expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.