Income-end growth slows, without prejudice to long-term development prospects
In the third quarter of 2019, operating income was 694 million yuan, an increase of 23.51 per cent in the same year; Mengtung Wai realized a net profit of 176 million yuan, an increase of 77.30 per cent in the same year for shareholders belonging to parent companies;
In terms of other financial indicators, the cost of corporate sales in the third quarter of 2019 was $59.916 million, an increase of 67.14 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in sales team personnel; management costs were $231 million.
2. Our analysis and judgement (i) performance is in line with expectations and improvements in indicators such as the cash flow of the Māori ratio
Corporate performance has been growing at a high rate, influenced by factors such as evaporation, and income-end growth has slowed. In the first three quarters of 19 years, the company achieved a revenue of 2,031 million yuan (+27.38 per cent), a net profit of 528 million yuan (+66.12 per cent) and a net profit of 438 million yuan (+65.78 per cent) not attributable to the mother.
Of this total, 19q3 single-quarter income of $694 million (+23.51 per cent) was realized, resulting in a net gain of $176 million (+77.30 per cent) from the mother and a net gain of $150 million (+100.68 per cent) from the non-mortality. The income end-end growth rate was higher, with three quarters of overseas client leave leading to delays in the recognition of purchase orders; (3) income structure
Improvement, continued increase in service costs and partial severance payments. Biannual tracking of 2019-08-23 Tigers: good cost control during high-speed performance and marked improvement in Māori rates. Cost rates for the previous three quarters
Growth, looking at high growth in the future, continues to be bright, with a policy boom in the future setting of 2.2018-10-27-Teag's tri-quarterly report tracking: q3 slowing down.
The reason for this is, in our view, that the United States firm Concord, which acquired 18q2 centimeters, has started to make a profit. Operating net cash flows have declined by 1.21% over the year, but have improved considerably over H1 and are expected to return to normal year-round cash flows.
On the order side, the 19q3 new orders continued to be high-growth, the cost of additional order services increased, the cost of internationalization was overpaid, the subsidiary dreamcisinc. was ready to be listed in Korea, and the application documents were delivered to the Korea Stock Exchange on 27 September; the pre-cro firm concordbiotech (United States) acquired by the subsidiary party was completed
During the reporting period, the company expanded its operations in a number of ways, including: (1) participation in new medicines.
Investment funds and M&A funds in the health-care industry to accelerate the pace of equity investments; (2) offshore subsidiaries to be listed and submitted applications; and (3) operational synergies and complementarities through strategic cooperation. Investment results are significant and returns continue to grow. Companies are involved in the establishment of numerous new pharmaceutical investments and M&As in the health-care industry.
Gold, a growing investment in high-quality innovative medicine projects of investment value. 19q3 G (ii) insisted on technology-driven investment, steady investment in R & D. Companies insisted on technology-driven investment and steady investment in R & D. During the reporting period, companies invested $8,953.37 million in R & D.
This represents an increase of 19.37 per cent, or 4.41 per cent. On the one hand, the company has developed research on clinical trials such as rheumatological arthritis, antidepressants, anti-diabetes, and, on the other hand, has continued research on the development of hardware systems for clinical research, including an artificial intelligence support system for clinical trials, an IT system based on data management, a cloud storage system for data management, etc.
Data management of drug clinics provides technical support, shorter research and development time and improved efficiency in drug clinical trials. Figure 2: Corporate R & D inputs (millions of dollars)
The company will benefit from a further expansion of market demand by placing its head in the domestic market. By investing in the financing of start-up bio-enterprises in the country, the return on investment will continue to rise, there will be a stock of high-quality projects, and demand for the company’s co-operation is expected to arise from the further maturity of the start-up enterprises in the future. In addition, the cost of R & D in the country’s large pharmaceutical companies will be high.
High growth has continued (e.g. 66.97 per cent over three quarters of the year, with q3-quarter growth in R&D, which has reached 2,307 million Swiss francs in China, 28.24 per cent over the year, or 5.25 per cent of its global sales), and small and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies, which have also begun to be deployed in the country, will boost demand in the market.
The company's performance in the 19th Quarterly Report was in line with expectations and benefited from the high profile of the cro, and we continue to look forward to the company's development.
The company is a leading company in the domestic clinical trials. First, its clinical research capacity and business experience are evident, and its service capacity is increasing. Second, through investment funds, additional affiliates abroad, strategic cooperation, it actively expands its business areas by increasing its own high-quality project reserves, and investment operations and major business associations.
In addition, companies insist on technology-driven investment in R & D that does not contribute to long-term sustainable development; and, finally, companies increase their share of services on new orders, actively improve their income structure and improve their income quality. We look forward to a high rate of growth as a leader in clinical outsourcing, forecast to return in 2019-2021.
Industry competition increases risks; core skilled personnel lose risks; and research and development and evaluation of consistency in innovative medicines are less advanced than expected.