Main business continued to grow at a high level, with companies performing as expected on 28 October 2019, 66.12 per cent with net profit excluding the parent of $438 million, an increase of 65.78 per cent over the same period.
694 million yuan, an increase of 23.51 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 176 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 77.30 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 150 million yuan for the non-mother, an increase of 100.68 per cent in the same year, and the company ' s performance in line with expectations.
Corporate ownership grew steadily, with revenue from q3 rising by 23.51 per cent over the year, a slight decline from 2019q2 and mainly due to the company ' s partial cut-off fees (the projected one-quarter revenue growth has affected the performance of Fonda holdings by 10 per cent, investment returns have continued to grow, and operational efficiency has remained robust and manageable).
During the last three years, income continued to grow and profits were subject to listing costs and cocord cumulations (deficit in 2018 and projected loss in 2019), affecting profit growth at 10.6 per cent, Fangda successfully completed ipo and, in the short term, rapid growth in Ba and Be is expected to be achieved through the expansion of productive capacity, with a proposed increase in ownership in Fang Dasu State in the near future.
Up to 75% of the country's cmc business continues to expand, expanding the scope of the company's safety and toxicology research services, the United States and China's bioanalytical services and the United States' cmc services, and gradually completing the layout of the Cro industrial chain. The company's 2019q1-q3 investment returns are 110 million yuan, extending.
A major improvement in the first half of the year, which is expected to affect some of the biotech clients, including the first half of the year's financing, has been largely completed and is gradually returning to normal. Based on high industry growth and corporate leadership, we expect company battalion 2019-2021.
Drug research and development has been on the rise, and companies, as clinical pioneers, have seen a rapid increase in the number of portfolios, have resumed high growth on the market, their performance has been consistent with long-term performance, and high overall performance growth is expected to continue, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, the company has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.