The recent announcement of several acquisitions and initiatives to accelerate the building of new pre-clinical platforms and production capabilities by the company Tiger Pharmaceutical Holding (1521.hk), which we note, in particular, the following, for investors:
On November 4, 2019, Fonda Holding announced the purchase of Rmi, the highest/minimum dollar for nearly 12 months.
Laboratories, llc, with a transaction value not exceeding $5.55 million, the actual amount of the transaction is based on Rmi’s performance over the next three years and the formula set out in the purchase agreement. Meanwhile, the disclosure of Rmi is a cro institution in Pennsylvania, US.
Quantitative and qualitative drug metabolism services, including early detection soft spot analysis, late detection of cross-species comparisons, and research into the quality balance of radiation markers for front-bed animals.
2 China: Repository of the stock cmc platform. On 25 October 2019, Shanghai Fonda signed a unit with Zhu Quan, which compares it with the position of Xiao Xian Xian Xian, a transfer agreement to purchase 25.96% of the share in the FD (Sushu State) medicine at $14,43.38 million.
The stock structure of Dharma medicine (Suzhou) is 75% in Shanghai and 25% in Kyushu medicine, while it is revealed that companies have plans to expand cmc services in a timely manner.
U.S.: Expanding productive capacity and upgrading service capacity. On October 8, 2019, Fonda Holdings disclosed the expansion of its bioanalysis laboratory in the U.S. Exton.pa, including the expansion of 10,000 square feet of laboratory space, and the enhancement of company service capabilities in biopharmaceutical development, biomarkers, cells and gene therapy.
US4: Acquisition of security clearance service capability. US$ 4.32 million on April 1, 2018 to US$ 2.94 million in Ohio. The company’s pre-clinical pre-profiling acceleration, both within and outside the country, is a cause for concern.
Fonda Holdings, a key platform for pre-clinical and pseudo-pharmaceutical operations up to 2015, the most important profit contributor to foreign companies, has been on the market since 2015 as a result of a consistent evaluation of the rapid progress of business.
In May 2019, Fonda Holdings was listed in Hong Kong as an important pre-clinical service outreach platform for companies, and Bencro's collaboration deepened to focus on the progress of internationalization, especially on the basis of mature US methodological experience and client resources.
The momentum of both the technical platforms and the expansion of China's operations deserves special attention, from the three-quarterly review of the drug Médecins de Médiatiques (300347), the accelerated earnings of the overseas clients and the dividends of the Chinese market (the early growth in demand for research and development)
In keeping with expectations, focusing on increasing profitability and improving cash flows, we believe that Fonda Holdings, as the country's scarce cross-central American company, is expected to build a positive corporate trend.
Bridges for internationalization expansion, while capturing China’s demand for research and development, are gradually building barriers to the company’s domestic medicine kernel comparison, contributing to firm’s short-term performance stability and long-term upscaling of the ceiling. The local clinical cro’s path expansion may be different from the one we know overseas.
Although clinical cro itself, as part of the division of labour in the globalized industry, has common indicators to assess the competitiveness of companies, we believe that global competitiveness has been enhanced by the peculiarities of the policy environment created by domestic clinical cro (which in itself enhances service capacity in the context of ongoing supply-side reforms) and differences in the basis of the business layout.
In the process, there may be different paths of development, whether recent participation in Japanese ps, Fonda Holdings, accelerated expansion of technology platforms and capacity, and securitization of Korean companies ... In moving forward, we may be looking at the path of corporate development, which is, of course, a gradual process, which we believe is not suitable for the short term for static operations.
Long-term assessment of the company’s development space, we are pleased to see the company’s new technology platform constantly building and internationalizing its efforts to upgrade its own business ceiling. The industry’s continued climate, and we maintain a “recommended” rating.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking to be objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions.