Increased profitability, Huang Qi, sustained performance, increased Māori rate
During the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved operating income of 2,031 million yuan, an increase of 27.38 per cent in the same year; net profit of 528 million yuan, an increase of 66.12 per cent in the same year; net profit of 438 million yuan, an increase of 65.78 per cent in the same year, excluding non-repatriation.
The reason for the relative slowdown in performance in the third quarter is likely to be related to the dissipation of logistics companies.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the company ' s overall Māori rate was 46.90%, up from the same period last year ' s 4.24 pct, which we consider to be the result of the rapid growth of the high Māori portfolio. In terms of cost rates for the period, in the first three quarters of 2019, the company ' s sales and management costs were 2.95% and 2.95%.
In the event that the company continues to expand its market operations during the reporting period, as a result of the increase in staff costs, medical investments continue to be added, and subsidiaries have submitted listing applications.
The Fund tgsino-dragonfundl.p., the Confederate Fund for Capital Health Care, the Hong Kong Health Fund and the Bo Bo Investment Fund reflect the company ' s ongoing active participation in the last six months in comparison with the stock and depth of 300.
By investing in early projects in the field of biomedical medicine, companies can combine their expertise in clinical research in medicine with expanding their channels of investment and reaping the benefits of their investments.
In the case of subsidiaries, the company’s dreamcis submitted a listing application to the Korea Stock Exchange in September 2019, which was accompanied by the process of listing, and the company’s globalized layout is expected to be further strengthened.
Risks of changes in industrial regulatory policies; increased risks associated with competition in pharmaceutical R & D services; International trade friction risk: exchange rate risk, taking into account the increased profitability and rapid business development of companies, we expect companies, 19, 20
In addition, as companies continue to refine their global layout, their international multi-centre business model is expected to bring more new orders to companies, and as a result of the continued progress in policy reform in the field of pharmaceuticals, and the gradual landing of the ich Guiding Principles, their performance will benefit significantly from the surge in research and development of innovative medicines in the country.
We look forward to the company's future development and move up to an “enhanced” rating.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.