On October 27, the company released its third quarterly report, 2019, and in the last three quarters it achieved business income of 2,031 million.
Dollars, 27.38 per cent increase in the same year, 528 million yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 66.12 per cent increase in medical organisms, 438 million yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies after deduction of non-recurring gains and losses
q3 The growth rate at the end of the earnings has slowed slightly, and profits have continued to materialize. Company q3 quarterly revenues have increased by 23.51% over the same period, while the growth at the end of the earnings has slowed slightly, mainly as a result of increased operational and managerial efficiency as a result of the company’s truncated subsidiaries and income pass fees.
The management efficiency of zhouyu@cczq.com has improved significantly, with a significant fall in the cost rate over the period, from 20.18% in the last year to 0.93pt. The continuous improvement in management efficiency is due to a rapid decline in the cost of Fangda listing, and one.
Fonda’s capacity is expected to be released significantly, and the expansion of North America’s clinical operations is expected. This year, the company’s controlling subsidiary, Fonda Medicine, has been listed in Hong Kong, producing or continuously releasing domestic and overseas capacity, and its performance is expected to continue to improve.
At the same time, corporate internationalization is accelerating, and North American clinical operations are beginning to have capacity, which will help sustain the expansion of corporate operations, upgrade the ceiling, and, on the other hand, better serve out-of-country multi-centre clinics, which will share the dividends of China’s innovative medicine spillovers.
In view of the continuing high growth in corporate performance, the internationalization of business is time-consuming and conducive to the upgrading of the ceiling.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
Act No. 17 of the China Sea International Centre B, which uses legally compliant information, provides this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business agreement with the company, it is not a client of the company and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management Scheme for Products or Services, the company and its author are not responsible for any consequences arising from the use or use of this report and other relevant research by the company.