On December 16, 2019, the company holding stock (1521.hk) re-advertised the acquisition (to be announced)
The stock business has been extended to the west coast of the United States, and we have announced the completion of the ps-related stock transfer process (3.06% shareholding), and we have found that the recent Fangda holdings have announced a number of acquisitions and initiatives to accelerate the development of the pre-clinical new technology platform and production capacity, and we have noted this, in particular the following, to guide investors in the layout of the Tiger Medicines.
On November 4, 2019, Fonda Holdings announced the acquisition of rmi Laboratories,llc, with a transaction value not exceeding $5.55 million, the actual amount of the transaction to be determined by Rmi’s performance over the next three years and the formula set out in the purchase agreement. Meanwhile, the disclosure of Rmi is a cro agency in Pennsylvania.
Quantitative and qualitative drug metabolism services, including early detection soft spot analysis, late detection of cross-species comparisons, and research into the quality balance of radiation markers for front-bed animals.
On 25 October 2019, Fonda and Chu signed a transfer agreement to buy 25.96% of Fonda Medico (Suzhou) shares at $14,43.38 million.
The stock structure of Dharma medicine (Suzhou) is 75% in Shanghai and 25% in Kyushu medicine, while it is revealed that companies have plans to expand cmc services in a timely manner.
U.S.: Expanding productive capacity and upgrading service capacity. On October 8, 2019, Fonda Holdings disclosed the expansion of its bioanalysis laboratory in the U.S. Exton.pa, including the expansion of 10,000 square feet of laboratory space, and the enhancement of company service capabilities in biopharmaceutical development, biomarkers, cells and gene therapy.
4 US: Acquisition of security assessment service capability. US$ 4.32 million acquired US$ 5 in Ohio on April 1, 2018: Expanding capacity and upgrading service capacity. Fonda Holdings signed in December 13, 2019 via frontage Lab full-time Canadian subsidiary 11736665canadaltd and j&jcorporateservices, Inc.
Purchase agreements for $4.2 million ($3.1927 million) to purchase all the shares held by the bri in circulation. The company was mainly involved in drug discovery and in ind, nda research, and the business base was expanded to Canada and North America.
In the West Bank, the market for animal models and microbiological group metabolic and biomarker analysis was further expanded.
The acceleration of pre-clinical business layouts to accelerate the production and service upgrading of domestic and foreign service platforms following the listing of subsidiary h shares is a cause for concern.
In May 2019, Fonda Holdings was listed in Hong Kong as an important pre-clinical service outreach platform for companies, especially on the basis of America's mature methodological experience and customer resources.
In the context of the accelerated pace of growth of both the technical platforms and China's business expansion, a trend that deserves special attention, from the rapidisation of the income of the drug Mingconde, Conlon into overseas customers and the Chinese market dividend (the early growth in demand for research and development), we believe that Fonda Holdings, as the country's scarce inter-American company, is expected to build a company.
The bridge for internationalization, while capturing the state of China’s research and development needs, is gradually building barriers to the company’s domestic medicine kernel comparison, contributing to the company’s short- and medium-term performance stability and long-term upscaling of the ceiling. The alpha expression of the indigenous clinical cro may be different from our familiar overseas path.
Despite the fact that clinical cro itself, as part of the division of labour in globalized industries, has a common indicator to assess the competitive power of companies, we believe that in the process of increasing global competitiveness, based on the special nature of the policy environment created by clinical cro in the country (in itself by upgrading service capacity in the context of ongoing supply-side reforms) and the differences in the basis of business layout,
There may be different paths to development, whether recent participation in Japanese ps, Fonda, accelerated expansion of technology platforms and production capacity, and securitization of Korean companies ... In the advance of these paths, we may be able to see the path of the company's development gradually, of course, in a gradual process, which we believe is not suitable for the short term for static business growth.
In order to assess the development space of the company, we are pleased to see that the new technology platform of the company continues to build up and internationalize its own business ceiling, and that the company has recently issued an announcement about the start-up of the company's listing, confirming our earlier judgement that the launch of the listing of the company's stock shows that the company is moving towards globalization.
Management, in the process of becoming a major challenge in corporate governance from subsidiaries, modules (the separate listing of Korea, Fonda, is an exploration), and the listing of the parent company, a+h, is also, in our view, an important exploration of corporate management radius expansion, and we appreciate the financing, M & As, incentives that this exploration brings.
We maintain a “recommended” rating for the industry’s continuing climate. The risk of deteriorating financing for innovative drug injections, the risk of policy volatility in clinical trials, and the risk of new business being integrated less than expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.