2019.10.29, the company announces eps 3.06% of the shares of fully-owned subsidiaries to purchase part of the shares of eps Holdings Ltd., while pss is a listed pharmaceutical cla from the stock exchange’s main market in Tokyo, Japan.
The business involved services such as cro, smo, cso (Figures 1 and 2).  was once again in-depth collaboration with Japanese pharmaceutical cro, which we believe could be an increase in order continuity and a comparison of the Unit's position with that of Deep 300.
A small step in enhancing the ability of internationalized services to explore the history of cooperation between the company and pss in Japan, we found that in 2017.8.30, the company had signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with pss, a joint venture to create a new talent, a 51% shareholding in the English language, and a new capital gain.
Health (in Japanese, 49% of Tags), Concession (40% of Tags) is mostly about cooperation at the digital level. And this direct-eps-equity level, we're thinking about whether there's more room for collaboration with overseas medicine cro. We think this time it might be more corporate.
Focusing on the depth of cooperation between the two sides, especially in the context of considering the continued progress of corporate internationalization, the companies are now well positioned in Europe, the United States and Korea, but in terms of deep collaborative engagement in clinical operations, with the exception of the Korean companies, we believe that such internationalization has expanded slightly, and this time and with the experience of Japan in internationalization,
Ps' equity cooperation (ps' overseas placement can be consulted in figure 3), which we believe reflects further company depth in terms of offshore customer Chinese project expansion and overseas M & As experience, and we very much look forward to seeing a further increase in corporate capacity in overseas internationalization services, based on the current upscaling of domestic innovation.
There will also be a rapid rise in demand for services. From a multi-layered domestic market for services to an increase in the competitiveness of globalization, we are most concerned about the multi-layered nature of domestic demand for innovative pharmaceutical services, which we consider to be the country’s pharmaceutical co-services.
1. Tri-quarterly review of the Tiger Medicine (300347): At the same time, the vertical expansion of service operations (Fonda medicine, Korean companies, instrument services) is also in line with expectations, focusing on increased profitability and cash flow changes
Continuing Progress: From the construction of barriers to competition in the clinical coro ' s own business model, we believe that the international multi-centre industry and good trends (or the short-term US-Sino-American double-bill project) service capacity is an effective aspect of the company ' s competitiveness, and we will do the same.
2. Teger Medicine (300347), tri-quarterly 2019: q3 one-quarter super-growth, multi-business turning point.
We maintain a “recommended” rating for the industry as it continues. Risks of deterioration of the environment for financing innovative drug injections, risks of policy associated with clinical trials, new business integration of companies, figure 1: eps group business structure includes services such as cro, smo, cso
Figure 2: The business architecture development history of the eps group Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,