In the evening of April 28th, Nasda issued a quarterly report for 2023, which yielded $6,519 million in revenues.
On the revenue side, 2023q1 companies registered revenues of $6,519 million, an increase of 11.75 per cent over the same period, maintaining a steady growth trend. Of this, Proto Electronics achieved revenues of $1,287 million, an increase of about 30 per cent over the same period.
The overall sales of printers increased by 36.88 per cent on a year-on-year basis; LCL achieved $530 million in revenues, a decrease of 6.81 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a decrease of 16.89 per cent in sales of LCL printers on a year-on-year basis, and $429 million on a year-on-year basis, a decrease of 14.99 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Short-term exposure to changes in market supply and demand has led to price pressure on the sale of some chip products; general consumption, research assistant in the Chengxiang computer industry, operating at $1.511 billion, an increase of 3.12 per cent over the same period.
In terms of financial costs, affected by the increase in exchange losses and the increase in interest spending by the Alliance, 2023q1 confirms financial costs of $331 million, an increase of 203.50 per cent over the same period.
In the course of the year, a3 black and white and color photocopiers will be marketed. They are expected to inject new dynamic energy into the company’s performance growth. Laser printers can be divided into roughly four categories by colour and model, as well as colored, a3 black and white and a3 coloured printers.
The size of the global market for colored laser printers in 2020 was approximately $20.7 billion, about $24.36 billion, and about $24.36 billion for the global market for laser printers that year.
Seventy-three per cent of the total size, the average unit cost of a3 laser printer at the middle and high end is higher, and the market is more market-driven. We believe that the volume of a3 black and white and colored copiers that were developed autonomously by the Bene this year is expected to add a completely new dynamic to the growth of corporate performance.
Investment Recommendations and Investment Ratings: In our view, the company is a rare target for \triangleright technology, patents, production and manufacturing in the field of laser printers, accompanied by autonomous research and development in this year's run.
A3 black and white and color copying machines are on the market, the cumulative economy is recovering, the credit market is warming up, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow steadily throughout the year. We expect the company 2023-Sinda Securities Inc.
"Bought-in" rating is maintained for "bought-in" by the cinstasesco., ltd.
3. Increased competition in the industry and falling product prices; 4. Poor development of the microchip industry; 5. Autonomous research and development of a3 photocopier volume production in Bantu is not as fast as expected.Jung Xiang, Research Assistant in the Computer Industry, Master of Business Administration, Beijing University, Bachelor of Management, Wuhan University, joined Sindha Securities Research in July 2021
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.