Year 2022: Performance meets expectations, high-end machine, research assistant Zhang Wenja Keyword: # Second Curve#City Increases
Printers have grown by more than 40 per cent on the same date, and we have measured that in 2022 there were 3.8 million more Mercedes printers. In 2022, raw loads grew by more than 60 per cent on a year-by-year basis, at a faster rate than printers, reflecting the continuous increase in the retention of Mercedes printers and the increase in the number of medium- and high-end product lines leading to a consumption chain.
Increases in the rate of acceptance. The map continues to strengthen the R & D investment, with the colour and medium-high-speed black and white printers listed in 2022, and the a3 black and white and colour copiers, developed autonomously, moving according to schedule. We expect to increase the price and hair of the Mercedes as the medium-end product line is well-structured.
Interest rates and feed-up rates will be further improved, leading to a sustained increase in the income and profitability of the runners. The sales volume of Liam printers will be re-innovated: 2,337 million dollars in 2022, an increase of 7.34 per cent compared to 7.34 per cent; ebitda $249 million, a decrease of 8.96 per cent compared to the previous year; net profits of $20 billion.
These factors have been affected by the sharp depreciation of the dollar, and the refinancing of the company in the second half of 2022 has had an impact on financial costs throughout the year. But by optimizing the product mix and strengthening strategic collaboration with the new oem partners, the sales of LAF printers have increased by 20.87 per cent over the same period, and have been acquired by Nasida.
We expect that the impact of fiscal costs, intangibles, amortization, etc. will diminish, and the net interest rate of the Alliance will continue to rise as the Alliance completes its refinancing.  The polar sea has increased its research and development input, and the non-print chip crop has continued to rise: the polar sea harvest in 2022.
The net profit is $712 million. Of this amount, the printer general consumption, the chip business, received $1,302 million, an increase of 22.83 per cent, and the non-printed chip business, $596 million, an increase of 74 per cent.
Nathda (002180): 2022 performance: breakthroughs in the areas of heart chips, high-performance car regulation mcu, national production replacements, we expect. Predictments: performance meets expectations, printing.
Billions of dollars, an increase of 11% in the same year; net profit of $364 million, an increase of 44% in the same year. Companies as industry leaders are strong, have a higher bargaining power, and the city’s share is rising further.
Nasda (002180): 2022 Quarterly Report  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Taking into account the company ' s continued and increased R & D input, we will evaluate the company ' s 2023-Specific: the continued high performance and expansion of product lines
For $3.29. We look forward to a breakthrough in the high-end products of the future map, the credit market, and Wi Dong Oo Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.