Rates of interest differentials and poor rates are stable, and the rate of increase in the rate of harvests is rising.
In response to the impact of the epidemic, the company increased its provision, with net profit from the first half of the year falling by a quarter compared to the increase in the first quarter. 21.46 pct, however, the revenue from the “real” profit level and the ppp by a quarter decreased by 1.20 pct compared to the same increase in the first quarter.
Compared to the trend of depth 300, the Unit has decreased by 8bp and 10bp, respectively, from last year’s year’s full year. The former stems from a combination of loan interest rates and peer asset rates of return. The latter stems from a downward trend in the cost of active liabilities, which offsets the upward pressure on deposit rates. The company actively optimizes the asset-liability structure in the first half of the year.
The ratio of annual deposits, average loan balances to interest-bearing liabilities and interest-bearing assets increased by 6.12 pct and 1.22 pct, respectively, compared to the previous year; the firm increased the recognition and write-off of non-performing loans, which were equal to 1.55 per cent at the end of the second season; the provision coverage and allocation of 78.85 per cent; and the pressure on hidden non-performing loans.
Companies’ profitability and asset quality are sound, capital is at a reasonable level and there is room for improvement. Companies are moving forward with the construction of a conglomerate eco-circle around the strategic vision of “building a first-class wealth management bank.”
When consumption alone is allowed to open, it is expected to deepen synergies with companies, move forward with the strategic transformation of retailing, create new incentives for growth in performance The volatility of asset quality, the decline in interest rate centres and the expected recovery of the economy. 1. Large banks (601818): the dividends increase.
Unchanged, performance growth is outstanding. First, interest differentials and poor rates are stable, with the rate of growth rebounding at 1, the rate of growth at the start and the rate at the end of the year at the end of the year.
An increase of 57bp over the same period last year. Observing the “real” profit levels after the cut-off, the first half of the year's revenue and the second half of the year's rent and pop, respectively, accelerated, with a recovery rate. The first half of the year's net interest income grew by 11.15% compared to the second quarter, partially easing the downward pressure on interest margins. The first half of the year's non-interest income growth was slower than the first quarter, but the charges and commissions were net.
Income increased by 5.38 pct to 10.86 per cent over the quarter of the same year, returning to double-digit growth, mainly as a result of an increase of $1,197 million in fees and fees and a 450 per cent increase in fees.
At the end of the liability, the downside of the active liability cost offsets the upward pressure on the cost of deposits and drives the interest-bearing liability rate down by 10 bp from last year.
The average balance of loans in the first half of the year as a proportion of interest-bearing assets and the average balance of deposits as a proportion of interest-bearing liabilities increased by 1.22 pct and 6.12 pct, respectively, to a certain extent to ease interest differentials,3 and asset quality was stable and the provision coverage was improved.
Companies have increased the recognition and write-off of non-performing loans by increasing the annualized non-performing loan generation ratio by 24bp to 1.96% in the first quarter of the second quarter and 1.55% at the end of the second quarter. The negative commercial bank rate by the end of the second quarter has risen by 3bp and the asset quality performance of the company has improved by 4.55 pct and 6bp to 186.7%, respectively.
The percentage of non-performing loans fell from 2bp to 2.21 per cent at the end of the previous year, with deviations from non-performing loans (= loans/non-performing loans more than three months overdue)
Figure 7: Large banks ' interest rate, deviations in non-performing loans, Figure 8: Large banks ' credit cost, rate of non-performing loan generation, 4
At the end of the second quarter, the firm’s core-level capital adequacy rate, the first-level capital adequacy rate and the capital adequacy rate decreased by 37 bp, equity transfer, respectively. Capital will be further replenished in the future, with the possibility of better supporting corporate-scale expansion and strategies. Figure 9: Large banks’ capital adequacy at all levels
The negative impact on performance of the future allocation will be significantly reduced as the epidemic improves. Corporate capital is at a reasonable level, and there is room for improvement in the future.
In August, the holding company was allowed to open its solar consumption, promising to deepen synergies with companies, promote a strategic shift in retail sales, and create a new engine for growth in performance. We looked forward to the company’s future performance growth, with a forecast of net return profit increases in 2020-2022, respectively, in terms of rents, private purchases, securities and banking.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.