The value of the non-banking financial sector has grown beyond expectations, and the value of the good-gain company has been raised.
Mu Ping 1) The profit from parent operations grew by 18.9%, including the higher-than-expected rate of increase in value.
The operating profits of the shareholders of the parent company were $11,573 million, an increase of 18.9 per cent in the same year; the life and health insurance netbv, which was attributed to the shareholders of the parent company, grew at an accelerated rate, with a steady increase in human size and productivity. In 2018, the value of the new business of the company ' s life and health insurance was $55,425 million, an increase of 7.3 per cent in the same year.
The growth rate of 3.2% in the last three quarters is accelerating. The size of agents, the growth of production capacity and the optimization of the industry structure have contributed to the continued growth of the company’s new business value. By the end of 2018, the company’s agency model stood at 1,417,400 people, an increase of 2.3% compared to the beginning of the year; the agent’s per capita new business value was $48789.00/person/person/person/man.
During the same year, there was a 1.1% increase in the same year, with life-saving insurance continuing to deepen the operation of guaranteed products. On the one hand, the expansion of market segmentation has increased, with the introduction of “beneficent” for adults returning to their home countries and the promotion of a significant increase in the competitiveness of the main heavy-risk markets.
The new business value of company life and health insurance was 43.7 per cent in 2018, an increase of 4.4 percentage points in the same year, of which the agent channel ' s new business value was 57.1 per cent, an increase of 7.2 percentage points in the same year; the agent ' s new business value of long-term guaranteed operations in the channel was 94.7 per cent, an increase of 7.1 percentage points in the same year
In 2018, the original insurance premium revenue for the company ' s property insurance business was $24,744 million, an increase of 14.6 per cent over the previous year, and the industry increased at a rate of 9.51 per cent.
The overall performance of the safe production insurance policy has remained excellent, with higher levels of profit being covered. The combined cost of safe production insurance was 96 per cent in 2018, down 0.2 percentage points from the year to year, continuing to outperform the industry. In 2018, profits increased by 3.3 per cent from the year before the safe production tax, net profits decreased 8.2 per cent from the same year, mainly due to fees.
The impact of higher rates of growth and business growth on the increase in income tax costs.4 The impact of capital market fluctuations and declining returns on investment is on the scale of capital increases. In addition, companies are implementing new policies as a result of large fluctuations in international and domestic capital markets.
The financial instruments accounting standards have been classified as significant increases in assets measured at fair value and converted into gains and losses, with higher fluctuations in fair value movements. Companies continue to optimize asset allocation, continue to add tax-free bonds, such as state debt, local government debt, and long-term low-risk bonds, such as policy-based financial debt, and further shrink.
At the same time, companies are dynamically adjusting equity asset allocation ratios, increasing long-term equity investments, further diversifying the pool of risks through diversification of asset allocation, and reducing the impact of equity market volatility.
In 2018, the net profit of the bank was 24.818 million yuan, an increase of 7 per cent compared to the previous year. The retail business was deepened and performance contributed. In 2018, the net profit and income from the retail business of the bank was increased.
The ratio rose by 8.9 percentage points and 1.4 percentage points, respectively, to 53.0 per cent and 69.0 per cent respectively, and by 8.0 percentage points, respectively: the number of retail customers and aum, respectively, 83.3 million and 1.42 trillion yuan, which is an increase of 20 per cent and 30.4 per cent, respectively, compared with the beginning of the year.
The quality of production has improved. In 2018, despite a small increase in the rate of bad loans from the Bank of Peace, the percentage of non-performing loans and overdue loans of more than 90 days fell to 97 per cent and 1.70 per cent, respectively, compared to 6 per cent at the beginning of the year.
In keeping with the “Financial + Technology” and “Financial + Ecology” strategies, investment in technology research and development has continued to increase, the ecosphere has been strengthened, and the profits from the operation of the technology plate have been growing rapidly. In 2018, the company was able to pay $6.770 billion, representing a 24.9 per cent increase in the profits from the return of the technology and medical technology to the mother.
By the end of December 2018, the number of corporate technology patent applications amounted to 10,000. Companies used technology to use enabling finance and ecology to dig deep into business scenes, contribute to efficiency gains, strengthen risk management and create high-quality products and service experiences; and export innovative products.
In addition, China has launched an equity buy-back programme with a view to using $5 billion to $10 billion of its own funds.
The repurchase price of more than $101.24/equity buys back shares of the company, a share, to show confidence in the company’s future development, and to improve the company’s valuation. Moreover, this repurchase will be used entirely for employee holding, which will help to motivate the workforce and promote the company’s future performance.
The company is committed to becoming the leading international technology-based personal financial life service group, actively embracing finance technology, leading business change, good business quality, strong value growth, stock buy-backs, and employee ownership plans, highlighting confidence in the company's future development prospects, and good corporate valuation.