Lead Integrated Financial Services Group, with a steady rise in value - China Safe 2018 Report Review / Non-Bank Finance
In 2018, China achieved business income of 97,6.8 billion yuan, or +9.6 per cent, and a net return of 10,7.4 billion yuan to the mother, or +20.6 per cent, with a basic return of 60,2 yuan per share, with a weighted average of 20.9 per cent.
The group achieved a 20% net profit increase, slightly better than the forecast, mainly from insurance and banking, and managed to lay down the customer base: the group ' s individual clients were 183 million, compared with 11% at the beginning of the year, and 58% of the insurance clients. More than 30% of the individual clients received comprehensive services. 36% of the new customers came from the Internet.
To 470 million people, compared to 28% at the beginning of the year. The number of active Internet users reached 250 million.
Forty-eight per cent, with a 32.8 per cent rate of renewal premiums, operating profits of 71.3 billion yuan, compared with 35.1 per cent, and operating roe points. Of this, the value of the new business in the second half of the year was equal to +16.9 per cent, promoting a new business value of 72.3 billion yuan throughout the year, increasing investment in research and development, and the emergence of a city-friendly river in financial and medical science and technology.
\triangleright Group R & D workers, 29,000 people, 1% of the annual investment in R & D, have continued to increase their investment in finance and technology, and have become a guardian of the city. The market value of the financial and medical science and technology sectors continues to show, with 4,035 million registered users of land gold.
At the beginning of the year, the management asset was $369.4 billion, with a loan balance of $375 billion, and completed the c-round financing, which was estimated at $39.4 billion. The cumulative service users of the safe doctor were over 265 million and listed in May, with a market value of approximately $6.6 billion as at 12 March. Meanwhile, the financial line-a-round financing was valued at $7.5 billion, and the safe health insurance was valued at $7.5 billion.
In the second half of the year, the company saw a significant improvement in nba’s growth rate, and the sales of guaranteed products continued to boost the company’s nbv. The risk-producing business fees are expected to decrease, and the level of profitability is expected to continue to improve.
In terms of financial technology, subsidiaries have developed a significant technological advantage within the industry, and China’s waterfront is safe (601318): two-wheel drive has worked well.
2. China ' s peace (601318): 2 seasons of nbv ups and ups and ups and ups and downs and ups and downs.
The company's financial statement projections are summarized in Chen Xiang, a post-doctorate in business law from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and a post-doctor in finance. Two years of experience in securities industry policy studies.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.