Life insurance values are strong, investment fluctuations are hard to prevent high growth compared with 20.6 per cent growth, ps 6.31 dollars/shares; end-of-service net equity owned by the parent company  higher-than-expected profitability is due to improved management of life insurance + production risks and a steady increase in operating profits
+19 per cent: The company achieved a net return profit of $10.74 billion throughout the year, compared with 20.6 per cent over the year (excluded from i9 impact + 39.5 per cent over the year), a small increase from 19.7 per cent in the previous three quarters, q4 a year over the quarter + 23 per cent over the same period, a significant over-expected increase in profit from life insurance, mainly: 1) and 57.91 billion a year over the year.
High deviation growth (i.e. life insurance payments, costs, etc., excellent management of operations), combined with reserve discount rate change impact elimination (21.2 billion over the same period last year); 2) improved profitability of production insurance, resulting in a fall in profits from the three-quarterly report to +3.3 per cent, but a narrow fall in net profits to -8.2 per cent and a high increase in q4 for the one-quarter period
In terms of financial science and technology, the Institute ' s c-round financing brings a fair value revaluation gain of $7.2 billion for convertable promissory notes, but annual earnings are still falling by 4.2 per cent from the 17q4 high base (a safe doctor ' s reorganization contributes a high one-time gain of $10.9 billion).
Disruptions such as changes and one-off gains in financial science and technology, 19 per cent increase in intra-group operations, almost equal to the previous three quarters, with four-quarter life insurance and high production risk growth filling in the fall in financial science and technology.
Corporate nbv, new singles, manpower and other life insurance core growth indicators significantly ahead of industry: 1) new business value +73 to 72.29 billion, which continues to rise at a faster rate than in the previous three quarters + 3.1 per cent, mainly due to a small increase in per capita income to $6290/month, and a continued increase in the quality of the workforce to guarantee future life-risk industries
In addition, the company initiated its first stock buyback, which will be used entirely for the employee holding scheme. The stock buyback + long-term service.
The plan is expected to improve the incentives for corporate restraint, to achieve a deep binding of core human interests, and to highlight the source of value of the period.
Three-quarterly reviews: investment is not troubled, profits projections and investment ratings: companies are growing steadily, and life-threatening operations are well ahead of their counterparts.
The nbv growth rate and the new business value rate continue to warm, and the agent's quality has improved. In the long run, looking at the life risk of a strong lead, 2018-10-29 Good Group continues to grow with the agent's sedimentation advantage, enjoying the valuation premium.
Mid-year review: nbv inverted! Profit corresponds to a valuation of about 1.06 times 2019 pev, maintaining a “buy-in” rating for a long period of time; capital; 3) continuing decline in returns from property insurance; and 4) uncertainty as a result of changes in management mechanisms.
Figure 7: Company insurance premiums for new policies and rates of increase in 2012-2018
Figure 11: Corporate finance/car insurance premiums and the same rate of increase, 2012-2018.