Shanghai Airport (60009.sh)
Business booms, hub airport non-flight values highlighted Long-term competitiveness ratings: higher than industry average company fundamentals (RMB)
Slow movement constrains aviation revenue and commercial eruptions drive non-air revenue: in the first half of 2017, the airport in Shanghai was penalized for non-compliance with production data, limiting the growth of traffic, showing an increase of 3.9 per cent (domestic/international 4.7/3.5 per centoy) in the same year for landings and landings, and an increase of 6.5 per cent (domestic/international) in passenger throughput.
It can be attributed to an upturn in domestic shipping lines in the first half of the year, with lower rates affecting the growth of aviation income. But it is accompanied by increased willingness to spend at travelling passengers ' airports, company management of retail commercial brands, excellent location.
The negative impact of the slowdown in aviation revenue was offset by a high growth in commercial rental income (+36.0 per cent yoy) and a 53.7 per cent non-air revenue ratio.
Good cost controls and high growth in Māori performance: due to the lower labour and operating costs required for commercial leasing operations and the maturity of depreciation of some fixed assets (depreciation - 1.5 per cent yoy), first half of the year of the company.
Operating costs of $2.02 billion (+7.2% yoy), less than the increase in revenue, of which labour and operating costs are split 4. Non-air operations support main camps, investment returns contribution performance - 3.62 pts, Māori increased by $360 million.
5. " Business volume is better than expected, profits continue to be strong - Shanghai’s investment returns continue to contribute: Shanghai airport investment returns continued to contribute to the industry in the first half of 2017.
The performance recorded an increase of 457 million yuan, or 11.6 per cent, or 20.4 per cent of operating profits, of which Deutschland was active in expanding its operations throughout the country, oil companies benefited from the domestic aviation climate and oil prices, which rebounded, and two companies contributed 168 million yuan and 259 million yuan, respectively, representing 93.7 per cent of investment returns.
The domestic hub airport has begun to shift to a two-engine model of aviation and non-avigational revenue, with non-avigational revenue entering a high-growth phase. Shanghai airport, as the leader of the airport, has a higher international line than the passenger.
The economy has fallen; there has been a series of severe weather events; and the bidding of duty-free shops has been slower than expected.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.