In the post-epidemiology era, the trend towards the normalization of mixed offices has become clear.
\triangleright, the shift in focus from addressing basic remote communication issues to how to enhance user experience to create a more nuanced conference room landscape, is expected to spur a new growth in videoconferencing products and cloud office terminals.
Conference leader, Cisco, 15 consecutive years of gartner leaders' quadrants based on a complete ecosystem with an integrated solution for hardware and software; Microsoft Teams focused on software development and the creation of standardized conference rooms to build a complete ecosystem through eco-identification; and Zoom focused on a global market for small and medium-sized enterprises based on differentiated competition and distinctive features
The top-notch videoconferencing company. After the three big players stepped up to take over the main global market for videoconferencing, HP acquired Poly and Buffett Replenishment Hp, which, on the other hand, validated the broad space in the mixed office market, followed by the development of a multi-billion-dollar network: product plus eco+ access advantages, and the exploration of a new blue sea for a mixed office.
\triangleright, with complete marketing channels and market systems, and as the only family in the country with Microsoft Teams, Zoom, Ma Tian
A fully certified terminal for the three main platforms of the conference has a clear competitive advantage over other domestic producers. In April, the new launch of the Department’s Smart Office was the best example of a company’s product power and development strategy: to speed up the opening of the domestic political market on the basis of the opening up of overseas markets, the end product’s full-line vs. Cisco, and the solution for domestic security plus tolerance.
With the full ecosystem of high value for money (better performance + lower than peer price) combined with mixed cloud vision, the company has established good partnerships with high-quality government clients, such as China ' s China Sea Oil, Chinese Medicine and Research Base, and the National Center for Disease Control, and it is expected that the domestic market will continue to grow rapidly in the future.
The devaluation of the renminbi has led to marginal improvements in performance: more than 90 per cent of the company ' s products are sold overseas, the impact of exchange rate fluctuations is more pronounced since the export industry \triangleright is mostly settled in United States dollars, and the exchange rate of the dollar against the offshore renminbi was already in effect in May 22
100 million United Networks (300628.sz) 2021 Annual Report and Investment Proposal: As the only global terminal for teams, zooms, tether conferences, companies will report on the first quarter of 2022: performance exceeding expectations, Māori
The second growth curve has improved, and the second growth curve has opened up, fully benefiting from mixed office requirements to boost business growth, such as videoconferencing, cloud office terminals, etc. We reiterate that the 200 million Union Network (300628.sz) event review: new items
The growth path is becoming more clear with a dynamic mix of offices, a gradual recovery of the overseas epidemic and an increase in the transformation of the operating business phone system to provide a boost to the cip phone, the industry ceiling, the 300 million network (300628.sz) 22q1 performance forecast.
Far from the top, the trend towards product high-end convergence led to an increase in the Māori rate; and the high demand for long-term mixed-benefit offices, with a high performance rating: one-quarterly report, with a high growth in mixed-office tap, 400 million network (300628.sz) performing fast in 2021
Report points: Overachieved Equity Incentives, Second Growth Curve, 500 million Associated Networks (300628.sz) company stocktaking report: Overperformance, high demand from overseas, companies operating
One mixed office has arrived, with large overseas players co-located 1.1 co-located, post-epidemiology or normalised co-location (hybridwork) is a new, flexible and efficient working model that is different from traditional telemetry.
Offices. According to the Collins Dictionary, mixed offices are used as commuters who have not yet returned to full-time work in the office, from time to time and from time to time. By definition, mixed offices work in physical locations face-to-face, far beyond online, and in different time zones, and collaboration takes place in real time and on a step-by-step basis to accommodate flexible work schedules and styles.
Remote/residential office is only one form of mixed office, because technically, staff working remotely online may attend meetings or work online with a group of people in conference rooms, offices or other locations. We believe that mixed office, remote and mobile staff integration, which provides staff with the right to make their own choices and can be most efficient.
Combining offices is not new and has been promoted overseas. The outbreak of the new crown epidemic in 2020 has objectively accelerated the spread of telecommuting overseas and, in order to reduce the concentration of people, well-known enterprises abroad, represented by Internet companies, were able to do so in the course of 2020.
A permanent home-based programme has been announced, but has been gradually transformed into a three-day mixed-house model for company-based offices plus two days. Meanwhile, according to the Gensler Report on Office Space Survey in the United States, industrial workers with a knowledge-intensive workforce, such as science, finance and management consulting, prefer mixed-office or residential-based jobs.
1.1.1 In response to the wishes of staff and corporate interests, mixed offices have a necessary rise in gartner, 2021 and beyond, which states that “the new coronary epidemic proves that the face-to-face form of previous work was obsolete and unnecessary, and that in the post-epidemiology era, rethinking where, when and by whom the work was done was high
Better performance and retention of talent, leading to a win-win organization and staff.” The report shows that mixed offices are more advantageous than traditional and residential offices, and according to the survey, enterprises will lose 39 per cent of their workforce if they are required to return to their offices (restore traditional office models); and if they are fully home-based, staff fatigue will continue to increase (work breaks).
The boundaries are not clear; if a mixed office model is adopted, staff fatigue will decline by 44 per cent, staff stability will increase by 45 per cent and efficiency will increase by 28 per cent.
According to Gensler's U.S. Office Space Survey report, US employees want to return to the company while still enjoying home-based flexibility and privacy, with 52% of U.S. employees prefer mixed office models, which undoubtedly offer a compromise solution.
Figure 3: The Gensler report shows that US employees prefer mixed office models. Microsoft conducted surveys of more than 30,000 employees in 31 markets in early 2021 and 2022, respectively, and published work trends index reports to further quantify the trend in mixed offices. According to the Work Trends Index Report 2021, 66%
Businesses consider redesigning office space for mixed offices, 73% of employees want to continue to work flexibly and 67% want more opportunities for face-to-face work and collaboration after the outbreak. According to the 2022 Work Trends Index Report, 51% of mixed workers say that they will consider using remote working models in the coming year, while 57% of remote working employees say they will consider using them.
For young employees up to 1994), workplace flexibility has become a priority, with 58% of the “z generation” wishing to move to a mixed office model next year. Mixed office is increasingly becoming the new norm in the global labour market.
From a business perspective, co-location not only improves the efficiency of staff, but also reduces inputs (similar to telecommuting). Reductions in commuting and travel costs, together with savings in office space rent, heating, utilities, help businesses achieve sustainable development goals.
Businesses plan to reduce travel expenditure in the post-epidemiological period, most of them plan to cut costs by 20-40 per cent, and some two-thirds of businesses reduce face-to-face meetings internally and externally to replace them with online meetings. The Global Business Travel Association (gbta) projects that by 2024, global travel expenditure will fall from $1.43 trillion in 2019 to $1.24 trillion.
In addition, as the traditional employment relationship changes, companies will employ a higher proportion of teleworkers, with the benefits of: 1) reducing the cost of running a business; 2) meeting the needs of flexible users of an enterprise; 3) moving away from regional constraints on users. From this, the enterprise will gradually become a mixture of full-time employees and long-distance freelancers.
The day-to-day exchange of offices, whether in the field or in the field, also constitutes an important part of the mix. It is worth noting that, while purely teleworking saves more costs, corporate executives are more concerned with office flexibility than with total subversion of office work.
While only 21 per cent of ceo plans or has downsized the physical offices of the enterprise (a significant decrease from 69 per cent in 20 years) in major markets, ceo focuses on providing more flexibility for staff, 51 per cent consider investing in office space, 37 per cent implement a mixed work model, with most employees at least two days ' distance per week.
A six-month “2021 hybrid office experiment” was launched on 9 August of that year, involving a total of hundreds of staff and covering customer service, technology, products, business, marketing and functional positions. The test data show that the performance of the joint office pilot team staff has not changed significantly compared to the control team, but the separation rate has decreased by 32 per cent.
52.9% was raised to 59.2%, reducing commuting time (93.6%), balancing work and life (78.4%), and achieving higher happiness with greater creativity (75.1%) are the three reasons for the highest number of votes. This reflects the application of the mixed office model to domestic companies.
International management needs, introduction or gradual introduction of one-to-two days of mixed office, i.e. one-to-two days a week, with qualified employees choosing their own place of office, either at home or in a café or a resort. At the same time, the accompanying staff application and management processes, equipment support, etc., have been issued.
1.1.2 The Division adopts a hybrid office model. 1.1.2 Mixed offices continue to face challenges, and videoconferencing experience upgrades are painful points. According to Microsoft definitions, mixed offices combine multiple elements, such as modern communications (including the Internet and mobile phone networks).
Personal and conference equipment (e.g. computers, mobile devices, loudspeakers, cameras) and applications that integrate all these elements (e.g. Microsoft Teams, Ciscowebex, Zoom) allow people in different locations to communicate and collaborate at any time.
One space for easy access to the hybrid office tools available in this space. 2) Inclusion equality: each participant receives equal attention and display during the meeting. 3) Care support: ensure that staff members retain a certain amount of self-regulating time in online meetings and collaborations, and value the optimization of user use experience. 4) Security: safeguards for suppliers, customer information, internal staff.
We think that mixed offices have two core pains: extended office hours and poor experience of videoconferencing. The former rely on self-regulation by employees, improved corporate culture and improved corporate management capacity, while the latter require videoconferencing hardware and software.
1) Intangible extension of office hours (more overtime): According to Microsoft ' s analysis of microsoft ' s user data for the past two years over the past two years, since March 2020, the number of meetings per person has increased by 153 per cent, the number of chats per person has increased by 32 per cent, the average length of overtime has increased by 28 per cent and the number of single office hours by 13 per cent.
2) Videoconferencing experience is a pain in the middle of a mixed office, which still needs to be improved. 88% of respondents were interviewed according to the report DimensionalResearch on the Rise of a Mixed Office (interviews with 1,569 executives, intellectuals, staff work environment leaders worldwide).
This study shows that videoconferencing is the key to a mixed workplace. 47% are frustrated that conference rooms are reserved but not used, especially in large companies (57%).
There may be a further increase in frustration when companies force social distance and reduce the size of the conference rooms. Participants also expressed frustration at finding colleagues in the office room (36%) and did not know which rooms were available (34%).
Of many technical factors, the first (57%) is a more intelligent combination of collaborative equipment and wireless screens.
The former identifies users and automatically pairs conference room collaboration, meeting equipment with tablet computers, laptop computers, and the latter makes sharing easier while reducing the need for high-frequency consumables, such as touch cables. More than half (55%) want to use current screens to share key information with staff, such as room cleaning details, meeting room availability, social distance standards, etc.
Navigation (47%) and speech-control meeting assistants (45%) are in the top five. These technologies can provide critical support for the construction of intelligent office environments that are sensitive to staff safety and increase office productivity.
1.2hp buys Polly’s bottom logic: mixed office brings a large incremental market, and looks at mixed office development and a large premium buys Polly. On March 28, 2022, Hewlett-Packard (hpinc.) announced that he would buy audio-teleconference leaders (poly) in full cash transactions, where hep buys and undertakes $1.7 billion.
With $1.6 billion in debt at a total cost of about $3.3 billion, the acquisition is expected to be completed by the end of 2022. A significant 53% premium of $40 per share over the previous transaction price of $26.2 is enough to illustrate the strategic significance of the acquisition for hp.
Figure 16: hp buys poly, combing tostreng thenhpmomentumin hybridworksoltions
According to the hp announcement, the acquisition accelerated its strategy to create a more growth-oriented product mix, further enhanced industry opportunities for hp in mixed work solutions and enabled companies to achieve long-term sustainable growth and value creation.createsalepositioninhybridwork
It's not like we're going to have to do this.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this for a long time.
According to hp research, approximately 75 per cent of office staff are investing in improving their home environment to support new technologies that allow seamless collaboration in family and office environments.
Working methods. Traditional office space is also being reconfigured to support hybrid officeing and collaboration, with investment focused on conference room solutions. According to the Frost&sullvan report, less than 10% of the world’s 90 million conference rooms are currently equipped with visual frequency, and the agency expects to increase the penetration of office room solutions to 30% by 2024.
The gold and silver premium buys Poly precisely in order to complement Polly in products and markets, strengthen joint co-location and co-location solutions, seize market growth opportunities, and demonstrate the trend towards mixed offices with practical action. Figure 18: Traditional and demand-driven co-locations
By buying poly, hp is designed to boost growth and expand its peripheral equipment and labor.
Based on an internal hp analysis, the market space for peripheral equipment and labour solutions is projected to be $110 billion and $120 billion, respectively, and the market space for conference room solutions for offices is projected to be 9% and 8% for 2021-2024, respectively. According to the frast&solivan report, the market space for conference room solutions in mixed offices is projected to be 6 billion by 2024
United States dollars, $7 billion in off-site market space for home-based personal audio-visual communications. Figure 19: Mixed office segmenting of a wide range of market space products, market beads combined to achieve 1+1>2. Poly-deep audio-visual domain, owned worldwide for more than 20 years.
Over 1,100 patents with good access, market share and brand influence; Polly can provide a range of mixed office products, including business headphones, videoconferencing solutions and hardware equipment, personal video devices, telephones. For hp, its product has an edge in computers, printers, monitors, b-side advantages in security, management of software and services, and poly
At the end of the product, the advantage is in commercial headphones, video equipment and conference solutions, and b in external (phone) and conference services. HP and Polly will jointly provide a complete ecosystem consisting of equipment, software and digital services (combined public product lines, providing end-to-end solutions). At the side of the market, Polly's channel system in the audio-visual field and sales carrier fleets.
This could be a good complement to the development of the hp ' s it market, and the scale effect of hp in manufacturing, gtm, would also facilitate the growth of the poly based on the above analysis, with the expansion of the full mix of work solutions and the size of the hp and the power of the go-to-market, hp is expected to achieve significant income synergies with the poly in the external setting as well as conference room and labour solution operations.
Hp is therefore expected to achieve income synergy of $500 million by fiscal year 2025, and is expected to generate revenue caagr in 2023-2025.
1.3 Other overseas manufacturers have mixed office layouts: perfect product matrices to complement solution capabilities Cisco, Zoom, Microsoft, as a teleconferencing leader, has a market share of over 70% of the global videoconferencing market. gartner magic quadrant is one of the key references to firms seeking brands and solutions for the dominant market, Cisco, Zoom,
Microsoft is located in the leadership quadrant, proving that it has a stable and high-quality client base, with core R & D capabilities and a major share in the market. According to creativestrategies, after Microsoft acquired skype, the three manufacturers together held over 70% of the market and held the top three seats in the market.
The terminals form closed loop integration solutions, while Microsoftteams and Zoom develop videoconferencing software to create a complete ecological environment through certification of other hardware terminal manufacturers.
The Cisco solution builds a closed loop through a combination of Webex soft camp clouds integration programme and Cisco hardware terminals with the production capacity of a full series of cloud office terminals, such as ip phones, business headphones, cameras, microphones, collaboration room terminals, and collaborative desktop terminals.
A collaborative structure that builds a complete ecosystem, provides intelligent interfaces to mixed office workflows, and provides services to corporate clients through the sale of software + hardware.
Videoconferencing solutions enable blending of office areas and system updates to address pain points. Webex has a poor, off-site location for videoconferencing, while maintaining a high market share in videoconferencing with a stable data transmission capability based on a global self-constructed data centre. Cisco's recently released Webex mixed office solution is available through a unified network.
The management platform, as a regulatory tool, ensures the security of all connections with dedicated security solutions to meet the flexible and diverse business needs of clients. According to the Webex network, the number of webcalling users reached 6 million by March 2022. Figure 26: Webex builds a secure, easy and intelligent mix of office platforms
Webex's hybrid office solution enhances user experience and ease of use, so that webex's zero trust security can be secured by building end-to-end encryption for customers and webex devices based on standard modern encryption techniques. A strong authentication function helps to confirm whether each participant is an inviteee.
Flexible key management processes include local key management and self-portfolio (byok) functions, which can control data encryption without anyone (including Webex) being visited. Cisco security bundles can easily buy the best, including cloudlock, taros, duo, pamp, umrelladns and securex.
A single identity model allows users to collaborate in the Webex space shared by their internal colleagues or external participants without having to write off and switch accounts. A visible sharing indicator will alert users to be sharing the Webex space with external users or with external participants.
Embedded Webex integration supports direct calls, meetings, and messaging in other applications, such as salesforce, zendesk or servicenow applications. Embedded application frameworks support smartsheet, hackerrank, miro, mural, workboard, thrivereset, etc.
With, and more applications that are more directly embedded in webex. More than 60 partner applications are integrated with webex. Integrated ecosystems webexistant function api allows developers to add voice-driven applications, expand webexassistant and apply in webex
And equipment provides a new feature that balances all voices, regardless of where the speaker is located in the room, so that remote staff can hear and understand everyone's thoughts, not just those closest to the microphone.
In addition to English, French, and Spanish, the devices webexistant can also provide more intelligent functions and support German and Japanese. Direct web-links can support companies to connect directly to the Webex network to further ensure excellence.
The new data centres were launched in 2022 in Montreal, Canada, Toronto, and Mumbai, India. Compatibility deployments are currently authorized by the Fedramp.
Webexcalling offers flexible pstn options, including global service providers and self-portfolio pstn suppliers. In North America and the United Kingdom, real-time monitoring can be centralized and implemented through interactive graphics and data analysis processes to monitor the quality of services.
A comprehensive conference diagnosis shows the high-quality information of each participant in real time, including major conferences and webexevents. High-end and low-end combined energy to refine the entire series of end-product matrices. The Cisco launch of the WebFriendly Webroom Panorama collaboration flagship product is well equipped in high-end conference rooms, presenting the full picture of the meeting on both sides on two screens.
, and the latest desktop product line made by the Webex Collaboration Terminal device, which includes a 24-inch desktop platform from Webexdeskpro to the smallest desktop terminal from Webexdeskcamera, can be used for multiple applications from home to office. Combined with interactive electronic whiteboard webboardpro, desktop co-ordinated electronic whiteboard webex
The limitededition, business headphones, etc., series of products, from low-end to high-end, from home scenes to high-end conference rooms, enabling a mix of office areas.
So, Microsoft started providing Internet-based saas-based video talk services in 1993, and after spending $8.5 billion to buy steape in 2011, upgrades to start-up products to build skypefor business, and proposes a "Cloud first, move first, move first" strategy to develop azure and office 365, and a "skype" strategy to become instantaneous.
The main trends in communication, audio and video conferencing. In 2016 Microsoft developed the skypeforbusiness floor, bringing together office 365 functions, and launched the high-intelligence cloud collaboration platform microsofteams. Because of the high overlap of skypeforbusiness and teams functions, in July 2019 Microsoft announced that it would stop using skypeforbusiness in 2022.
The information is gradually transferred to teams, gradually completing a shift in the way users communicate and collaborate. Figure 28: Microsoft skype migrates to teams
Households provide free teams to help teams build up their original user base. The demand for teleworking due to the epidemic surged in 2020, and the number of people per person per month rose further, reaching 270 million as of 2021q4, the number of people living on a global monthly basis as well as 290 million in the month of ms 365. Microsoft says that there are more than 20 businesses with more than 100,000 employees.
Using teams, as some staff return to office positions in the future, home-based + field-based co-location will continue to generate demand for software that is expected to open the second curve of the monthly rise in the number of teams.
Focusing on research and development solutions, coupled with terminal certification products to form an eco-closing ring. Unlike Cisco, Teams focuses on developing cloud collaboration platform software and applications, building integrated office platforms through deep integrated office applications and third-party applications, and helping to provide global access through intelligent edges by helping to reach a global azure network.
High, teams are located in 181 markets around the world, serving as a platform for top 500 companies to opt for office. In order to better build video conference ecosystems, Microsoft has set stringent certification standards to work with end-manufacturing manufacturers such as billion leagues, poly, Jabra, audiocodes, and so on, to create ecological isolation.
Figure 31: The main functions of the teams build standardized conference rooms and form closed sessions solutions. The teams serve clients from the pre-session, in-session and post-session stages as meeting solutions that support the full life cycle.
Conference room status, access management, real-time updates of meeting scenes, support for synchronizing captioning and real-time translation, and post-session and post-session management of meeting rooms, equipment, data, systems, resulting in a system-wide perfect closure, with high integration of teams into client operations systems and increased user stickyness in the context of existing business systems.
Figure 32: Standardized conference rooms: Figure 33: Process of meetings: multi-version updates of video-teleconferencing experience on the user line.
The dynamicalworkplace solution, built on a unified platform, is gradually becoming a confluence of excellent saas functions. By enriching scene content and systems, teams help clients to build full-scale productivity models that include people’s ways of working, workplaces, work-assistance technologies, maximize existing investment and production efficiency, and give participants a better sense of experience and improvement.
1.3.3 Zoom: Differential competition to tap into small and medium-sized customer markets, dedicated to enhancing user meeting experiences Different competitions based on unique advantages of cloud videoconferencing, which allows Zoom to develop new markets for different groups.
The conference product is targeted at b-end offices, conference room scenes, and cloud videoconferences such as Zoom can be used to communicate video through software systems such as notebooks, tablets, mobile phone apps, etc., to raise the reach of videoconferencing, lower the threshold for use and have greater market space. Owing to the long life cycle of traditional hardware products such as Cisco and the slow pace of updating, it is not possible to meet the needs of small and medium-sized clients, while at the same time it is high-end.
The total number of market customers is stable, resulting in limited market space for hardware videoconferencing products, while cloud videoconferencing, such as Zoom, can better reach different target client groups and fully exploit small and medium-sized customer markets, thus increasing market share during the epidemic, “Designating + Zoomrooms solves all online meeting demands.” Zoommeering as a cloud.
A frequency meeting software that provides multiple audio video interactions, recording, meeting control, shared desktops, electronic whiteboards, etc. between multiple terminals, such as computers, mobile phones, and is integrated into third-party applications such as office 365, browsers. Zoomrooms, as a software-based meeting room solution, in collaboration with Zoommeting, is used for audio meetings, wireless screens
Sharing and videoconferencing provides a comprehensive experience and a modern conference room. Meeting+rooms can address all personal and business scene needs. Individual users can participate in or launch meetings by downloading zoommeting from zoomapp. Corporate users can use zoomrooms to meet smart appointments, video and shared video displays, and remote from the enterprise.
Specialized meeting needs, such as management. Figure 35: Zoomrooms+According terminals build videoconferencing ecosystems Expanding video collaboration depths and improving optimal audio-visual collaboration capabilities.
With regard to the optimization of collaboration functions, i.e., whiteboards, ppt, translation writing, post-session assistance continuity and convenience, lead industry rates are first developed for meeting entry, voice control, voiceprint recognition, group discussion rooms, webinars, digital tags, equipment management, sso single points, etc., to enhance user sense and create ease of use, through such features as sizzle partitioning and convulsioned viewing, etc.
Fast, easy-to-understand, good-use videoconferencing solutions. 200 million network: product plus eco+ channel advantage, new blue sea for gold blending, 2.1 hardware versus cosco, dynamic mix of office solutions
2.1.1 Overseas: End product vs. cosmology, asp upgrades to open growth space New performances for cosmopolitans were launched. In April, the company organized a launch of new products, meetingboard tablets, desktop unit deskvisiona 24, bh7x commercial bluetooth headphones for cosmopolitans.
For 15 years in a row, Cisco has been a connoisseur of the Gartner collaborative meeting solution, which is seen by industry as a wind sign of mixed office capacity and services, with billions of connections.
Hardware equipment performance proves that the company has a strong R & D capability and product strength, and will continue to expand its domestic and external markets in the future with high value for money (better than the price of its peers). The microphone is equipped with two targeted polar-resilient microphones.
Pulls the bar to hear incoming calls automatically, receives (ecm), reduces noise, enhances the user's voice, lifts the bar to turn on the voice silence.
Three hours full of background speakers, support for an amazing 40-hour voyage, two and a half hours full of 10 minutes charge for one hour.
To meet the demand for business/recreational multi-sphere use, product asp upgrades to enable companies to open up the growth space. Companies start off as communication switches, access international markets using the end end of cip communications, and the global market for company cip phones has been the first in a row for four years since 2017, with global markets in 2020.
34.3 per cent of the company ' s new product release shows that the company has developed and produced a full range of videoconferencing products for the pioneers, based on available overseas sales, commercial headphones, meeting panels, single machines, etc., with a far higher end price than the traditional tip-phone, the tip-to-peer sale range of $200-500, and the videoconferencing product sale range of $3,000-5,000, taking into account the fact that
With new upgrades in performance, end-sale prices are expected to increase further, with a doubling of the asp opening the door to corporate growth. The share of conference products plus cloud office terminals is rising, with a second curve dynamic. The share of corporate meeting products and cloud office terminal operations increased from 15.74% in 2016 to 2021, benefiting from a higher volume of product per unit and a better product matrix.
As a result of the strong growth momentum of the second curve of the company, the growth path is clear in the long term, and performance increases 2.1.2 are within the country: dynamic solutions to meet client differentiation needs The domestic videoconferencing industry is growing rapidly and the epidemic is driving a new growth cycle
With $950 million a year, cagr reached 15.75 per cent, the domestic hardware videoconferencing market grew by 15.3 per cent to $690 million in 2020, the cloud conference market grew by 29.4 per cent to $260 million in 2020, and the Chinese videoconferencing market is expected to grow by more than RMB 10 billion in 2024, with the market accounting for nearly 40 per cent.
Create hybrid cloud-based solutions to domestic customer needs to address security + large capacity pains. Unlike the teams standardized conference room, large domestic government and business clients have a higher demand for scenario-based solutions, and the previous pure intranet construction, while providing data security, does not solve the problem of grid-connection; the public cloud landscape addresses the demands of convenience and temporary expansion, but data security
There is not enough assurance. Based on this company’s hybrid cloud viewing solution, independent security in combination with public and private cloud flexibility, individualized solutions in different settings can be highly suited to large domestic clients with large numbers of people, meeting scenes, and high confidentiality requirements.
The national production voice programme works together to create a mixed cloud viewing solution, with secure, easy and efficient videoconferencing platforms. Storage, in combination with public and private cloud advantages, achieves an internal and external network, public clouds back-up for local services, supports cluster heat, local regeneration, creates insensitiveness, meets the need for expansion based on data security, and enables enterprises to manage one set of services.
The system meets all the needs of day-to-day meetings, external conversations, on-line conferences, etc.; on-the-job, unified clients, business staff only need one account to communicate with voice devices such as mobile phones, computers, desktop phones and so on, to upgrade voice calls — voice conferences — collaborative meetings; and on data security, to support a national product-wide programme and to support privatization deployments, end-to-end additions
Secret transmission, local preservation of sound recording data, effective protection against external wiretapping and maximization of data security; and, in construction management, use of distributed cluster structures to support 100,000-level users with super-high-volume distribution, system telecommunications-level reliability of 99.99 per cent, data stringing, meeting room resource intelligence management, and improvement of overall space utilization.
The company builds hybrid cloud and home-grown voice solutions, adapts to hardware terminals, competes with domestic software videoconferencing as the main manufacturer, rapidly opening up the domestic market through the integration of the ecological advantages of hardware and software, and occupying the share of the large customer market. The billion-dollar integrated communications solution empowers China to collaborate and communicate across the sea with sea oil, and upgrades its workers through remote equipment diagnostics.
It also created a communications platform for the integration of government services in response to the needs of the city's government in the Guang Yuan region, and built an intelligent civil service system, using the "Governments forume" as a unified portal and tool, bringing together government bulletins, government bulletins, multi-category document transmissions, and audio.
Many modules such as video calls, identification, etc., serve key sectors such as the general population, the Government, the Treasury, the Health and Safety Department, the People’s Social Bureau, the Civil Administration, etc., and provide multi-level, intelligent services such as district, town, commune, village, etc.
2.2 Ecology: teams+zoom bi-ecological certification, extremely rare 2.2.1 Eco-accreditation overseas, distinct from Cisco's offer of integrated software and hardware solutions, with the billion-dollar union participating in the video conferencing market mainly in the form of hardware packages
Cisco achieves its own ecological isolation through the terminal + cloud platform and creates integrated solutions for software and hardware, while Microsoft Teams and Zoom provide mainly cloud platform software and videoconferencing applications, mostly from partners certified through their eco-certificates, thus enhancing eco-adaptation, with the Group of 100, as the core supplier of Microsoft Teams and Zoom, providing mainly sip phones, headphones, etc.
The company’s market share in high-end telephones, videoconferencing products, and cloud office terminals increased markedly during the epidemic, thanks to deep collaboration with Microsoft Teams, and competitive competition. The Federation is the only terminal manufacturer in China with all three platforms, Teams, Zoom, and Telecommunications Conference.
In 2014, the high-end paperless ip smartphone t48g has been linked to Microsoft ' s instant office software, and in 2015 the company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with Microsoft and became one of the three certified manufacturers of the skypefor businessphone market (the other two are Polycom and Audiocodes) through a skypeforbusiness certification.
Three years of convergence and communication, with the company officially entering the Microsoft Teams system in 2018, publishing smart voice collaboration and smart video frequency meeting devices, and becoming a strategic partner in Microsoft Global Audio Video, marking an important step forward in the company’s overseas strategy. In 2019, the company successfully launched corporate communications programmes and smart video terminal products in collaboration with Xeng and Zoom, respectively.
Through the three main platforms of teams, zoom, and tweak conferences, umes were launched in 2020 to be compatible with multiple video platforms such as Microsoft teams, tweak conferences, and zoom.
Microsoft certification systems have high barriers and long cycles, and the company is in-house in the Microsoft Teams system - the entire product line entry machine, loudspeaker, and camera six plates meet the requirements for Teams certification. The company has now become the top hardware company of the teams, and the company's product was only 2023 years ago.
The room system has not yet entered the teams ecology, and the company is currently the only company that covers the whole product line of the teams.
uvc84 camera yaalink for teams roompanel
By entering Microsoft eco-certification, the company's products are positioned to the higher end. The company and Microsoft have launched a multi-enterprise special version of the video.
The frequency of meetings smart terminals, such as mvc400/840, and the active layout of new products based on corporate intelligence communications, ai technology, cloud computing etc., has further opened up the company’s growing ceiling in the vcs market. The company’s mvc product is now gradually supporting various ai technologies such as face-to-face testing, voice-source positioning, and voice-tracking, further providing users with raw Microsoft.
The company’s end product is at the top of the recommended list in the Microsoft Officer’s list of equipment. Soom launched hardwareaservice in July 2020.
A total of four hardware manufacturers have been certified as suppliers of all of the zoom hardware, or service products, one of which is the billion-dollar association. Eco-certification has accelerated the expansion of overseas markets, leading the way in oligopolistic market competition patterns. And, because audio-visual products require access certification from countries to open markets for marketing, certification is long and difficult, and access thresholds are high.
Multiple product access certifications and safety certifications. Figure 43: Hardware supplier certified by Zoom "hardwareaservice" 2.2.2 Domestic adaptation
The billion-dollar union provides a unified communications and collaborative solution for global clients, and the teams+zoom double-certification proves that it has high-quality audio and video hardware products and a stable and reliable supply system. And the troupe meeting serves as a heavyweight “actor” in the area of saas, reconciling the hard-to-sight high-visibility experience with soft-end flexible service modes to meet the different arenas.
A solution to the needs of the landscape, enabling companies to bend over in the digital age. Of the three android one-machine solutions launched by the Circus, the company ranks among them, making the product compatible with the depth of the platform.
Working together to build a conference roomroom room solution. In the light of the epidemic, a mixed office model has emerged, with domestic videoconferencing. Industry is on a fast-growing cycle.
Software + hardware integration. Infocommchina 2021 exhibition, the two parties jointly launched a 20/a30 videoconference-as-one solution to meet the collaborative needs of small and medium-sized conference rooms by promoting cloud + end solutions, taking into account the advantages of telecommunications meetings connectivity, collaborative capacity and the advantages of the hardware equipment of the billions.
Figure 45: Channel 2.3: Deep barriers, sip lines can be reused for more than 2.3.120 years, and good and mutually beneficial partnerships have been developed with channels
The company, through six to eight years, has a well-developed distribution system, with expatriate staff providing multiple guidance and support to distributors, and a multi-layered management system. Companies and distributors have grown together, and, after many years of exploration and cooperation with distributors, have built a strong mutual benefit.
The company works with the top 10 distributors for an average of more than eight years, and the top 10 distributors contribute more than 50% of their sales earnings.
The company’s cloud office terminals are used mainly to enable business communications through a single communications platform, with an emphasis on authentication docking and eco-adaptation, while the end-user’s business with the tipphone is high, and the distribution channel is dominated by the “distributors-system integration” model, which allows high-level reuse of companies on established lines.
It is hoped that the sales channels for these two operations will be opened quickly by means of a mature distribution network. 2.3.2 Cost control, which allows the foreign industry to take the lead in processing models and produce collateral reductions from outside the country.
Procuring raw materials, through the provision of production process documentation and operational guidance, entrusting third-party ACVs to process production in accordance with the technical standards and quality requirements of the company, leading to final product testing and testing. Companies make effective use of the ACCP’s manpower, cost advantages and bargaining power of their own raw materials to lower operating costs, raise the company’s Māori ratio, and due to corporate ownership.
The production process allows companies to control the product failure rate by less than 2%, with distribution patterns at its core, effectively reducing the cost of customer services. The company distribution system consists of authorized distributors, operators, distributors, system integrators, etc. The company sells the product to authorized distributors and authorizes distributors to sell the product further.
Downstream distributors, operators, and systems integrators. Compared to the industry, where most of the companies are directly directed to end-users, the cost of services is high, and companies do not engage directly with end-users, but rather work closely with distributors to ensure post-sale quality, effectively saving product prices relative to the competitive value advantage of overseas competitions and allowing them to expand their marketing channels.
Yealink has a clear price advantage, benefiting from a low human and raw material cost advantage, where the company’s products are 20% lower than its counterparts in the industry, and its full-scale value ratio greatly improves the acceptance of small and medium-sized customers. On the other hand, low-pricing strategies can better accommodate profit channels, deep-tied channel distributors, channel distributors in the Microsoft ecology, while selling Microsoft software and applications.
In order to increase customer stickyness, there will be a stronger willingness to combine the sale of the billion-dollar hardware at the same time, effectively increasing the company ' s share of the overseas market.3 Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposal 3.1 Prospections for Profit are split from Business
3.1.1 Profit projection assumptions are split from business Three major corporate operations are divided into desktop communications terminals, videoconferencing products and cloud office terminals, and our core assumptions are as follows: 1) desktop communications terminals: as the overseas epidemic recovers, the end demand warms, while accompanying the overseas operating commercial voice system
2) Videoconferencing products: benefiting from the expansion of mixed overseas office requirements plus domestic solutions, which will remain high 3) Cloud office terminals: benefiting from the high demand for mixed overseas offices, which will be protected by cloud office end products represented by business headphones. According to the annual report, more than 90 per cent of corporate products are sold overseas, company exports are mostly settled in United States dollars, subject to exchange rate fluctuations.
The impact of the exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar on the company is evident mainly in: (1) the end-of-income, where the RMB appreciated, the business income of the adult RMB would decline accordingly; and (2) the end-of-profit, when the RMB appreciated, when the dollar-based accounting line at the balance sheet date was converted into the RMB, which would result in a loss on exchange.
In order to quantify the impact of exchange rate changes on corporate elasticity, we assume the following: 1) 90% at 22 q1 per cent; 3) export orders are settled in United States dollars; 4) the effect of exchange rate changes on raw materials, overseas demand, etc. are not taken into account.
Our assumption in the previous paragraph of the 22-year growth rate for companies is based on an average exchange rate of 6.35 per cent for 22 q1 and, if the United States dollar continues to move up against the national currency throughout the year, and conservatively assumes an average exchange rate of 6.70 per year, the rate of increase is 5.51 ptt, the rate of increase is 5.96 pt for the total and the rate of increase is 7.09 pt for the total if the average rate of exchange for the year is further increased to 6.80.
The company is the leading firm in the unified telecommunications terminal and is gradually working on an overall solution. We select the source shares (intellectual public terminal plus systems), smooth communications (teleconferences) as comparable companies. The company values are equal to the industry ' s comparative corporate values, considering the company ' s leading position in the global level of tipphones, and as the only global acquisition of Microsoftteams, Zoom, and the press conference.
The company’s short-term and long-term growth logic was reaffirmed: the short- and long-term devaluation of the RMB, lower prices of raw materials and price increases for products; and, in the medium term, the gradual recovery of the overseas epidemic + the increase in the transformation of the operating business conversation system to provide a boost to the sip phones, with the industry’s ceiling far from the top.
Based on the mix layout of existing large overseas videoconferencing plants, and the acceptance of mixed offices by overseas companies, we believe that mobile office communications equipment will be the future “consumable consumer product” at the company’s disposal.
As about 90% of the company's revenue comes from overseas, and the mix of office-related conference products, cloud office end products are the main future growth point, if demand for mixed office is not as high as expected, or will have a negative impact on the company's performance. 2) There is a shortage of raw materials and a significant increase in price risk. Last year, the company was more affected by shortages of raw materials, price increases, etc.
The rate has declined, and 22 years ago we have observed that the supply problem has been properly addressed, that the price of raw materials has fallen slightly, and that we have assumed the company’s Māori rate based on the current situation. If there are shortages of raw materials in the industry in the second half of the year, large price increases, or a negative impact on the company’s performance.
(c) Increased competition in the industry. hp acquisition of poly shows, on the one hand, the size of the overall mixed office sector and, on the other hand, that if resources were to be consolidated smoothly, Polly’s competitiveness would either increase significantly or put pressure on companies to expand their operations abroad, especially at cloud terminals.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.