The epidemic has accelerated the uc market, and the sip is on the wind, and the southwest securities research and development centre is on the air.
Recommended logic: 1. Corporate ip communication trends are clear, Sip penetration continues to rise, and the market will reach RMB 10 billion in 2023, and capr 7% in five years. The company’s sip voice market will be number 1 worldwide, and as the company’s penetration in high-end markets increases and the product structure optimizes, the phone product will be fully priced.
Business developments have been positive, coupled with deep binding with the global platform ' s giants, with a three-year capr collection of 80 per cent of conference products, which will fully benefit from the industrial dividend.3 The company ' s close-up of market opportunities to launch a personal office end-line, and the re-entry of voice and audio technology and global channel advantages are expected to be rapidly released in the short term, with a doubling of the rate.
For the fourth year in a row, the sip phone has been the world’s largest market, with its penetration of high-end markets rising exponentially. Since 2017, the company’s sip phone has been the world’s largest in a four-year period, with 34.3% in 2020, and is expected to continue to rise in the future.
The share of sales has risen significantly in the company’s breakthroughs in the major customers’ markets, such as operators and North America’s intsp. In addition, high-end smartphones, launched in partnership with Microsoft and Zoom, continue to be recommended by the platform and have wide scope for growth.
The cloud+end package opens the global market and binds the platform's giants to benefit from the industry’s dividends. The annual global uc market size will be $113.81 billion, or 14.5 per cent, and the company owns the uc package, providing party building, disease control, education, etc., in the domestic market.
In international markets, companies are deeply bound to cloud platforms such as Microsoft, Zoom, and tweaking conferences to maximize the benefits of industrial eruptions. The long-term space for companies to sell hardware from three platforms can be measured at $2.34 billion, and the conference product can be released over time.
• Mixed office-catalyzing end-of-office demand, technology-plus reuse drives high business growth. Mixed office and one-way communication stimulates the expansion of office end demand, with global commercial eels reaching 71.53 million in 2027, with market size of $4.44 billion and capr 12.2 per cent.
With the technological advantages and channel advantages of reusing audio and video, it is planned to cover market demand through the rapid roll-out of new earl products. With the accumulation and strong brand power of companies with deep technology, office terminal operations grew by 247.9% in 2020, and are expected to grow at a high rate over the next five years.
Assumption 1: a stable surge in the market of the tipphones and a steady increase in the market position of the company, the expected sales of the tipphones in 2021-2023. Assumption 2: Assumptions that the company ' s high-end phone sales ratio continues to rise and future supply of raw materials such as chips improves. Assumption 3: Catalysis of the epidemic, rapid growth of the global videoconferencing market, good expansion of the company ' s large domestic and foreign customers, meetings.
Products are expected to rise at a favourable price. The expected growth in sales of conference products in 2021-2023 is 80 per cent, 75 per cent and 70 per cent, respectively.
Communications hardware products, with limited growth in the future. We believe that the company, as an integral solution to unified communications, clouds and ends, is a product of a combination of hardware and software products containing embedded software, with a software company profile, and that as the internal and external communications development process moves forward, we believe that the company, as a global leader in unified communications, can conduct videoconferencing operations at both the soft and the hard end.
At the same time, there is a higher growth rate. 1) Higher-end sales are higher; 2) the global unified communications market is better; 3) the cloud office terminal industry has selected four listed companies in the industry that offer cloud platforms, software and hardware solutions to firms as comparable publics.
We believe that the end of the company’s conference product and office will continue to grow at a high rate. Together with the average of 37.5 times the value of the four comparable companies in 2022, we give the company 2022.
1) Repeated overseas epidemics impede the sale of products: 2) Exchange rate fluctuations cause fluctuations in the performance of companies ' United States dollar-denominated products: 3) low-than-expected high-end machine roll-out; 4) under-promotion of cloud office end-products; 5) failure to invest in fund investments: 20 rounds of deep-cultivated enterprise communications and up-to-date growth of forward-looking layouts
1.1Sip reached the top four years in a row, and the global leader in a four-year period in a four-year period in a four-year period in a four-year period in a four-year period in a four-year period in a four-year period in a four-year period. The company was established in Xiamen City in 2001 and was listed in a deep-seated post in 2017.
The vcs and communication cloud platform products have now formed three major product categories: desktop communications terminals, conference products and cloud office terminals, with the Sip telephones having been the number one city in a row for four consecutive years since 2017, conference products certified by the top platforms of Microsoft, Zoom and Tung, and corporate unified communication plans continued to expand.
As of the third quarter of 2020, the company effectively controls Chen Ji-song, Wu Dong-yi, Lu Yong-fu, Zhou Ji-Fu, and Zhou Ji-Fu owned 17.3 per cent, 16.8 per cent, 10.5 per cent and 7.9 per cent of the company's shares directly, while Chen and Lu Yong-Fu held 45.7 per cent and 33.3 per cent of the network, and the company had no single-owned shareholders.
Change, management stability, and long-term corporate growth. Figure 1: Corporate equity structure 1.2 Integrated communications landscape product matrix with large distribution networks covering the world
Deep-farming enterprise communications markets provide a unified (uc) solution for global enterprises. Companies are downstream in the communications industry, providing corporate users with a full-scale communications solution for office desktops, conference rooms, tele-officers and mobile office locations with cloud-to-end service delivery capabilities.
The company’s main products include desktop communication terminals, conference products, and cloud office terminals, which meet the needs of office equipment for different scenarios, such as fixed desktop office, conference room office, remote office and mobile office.
The company’s desktop communications terminal, which accounts for more than 70% of the total revenue, contributed the bulk of its income. In addition, the company’s focused conference products and cloud office terminals also registered a good increase, with their share rising in the first half of 2021.
Using the light asset model, the company outsources labour-intensive production links, entrusts the processing mode to the processing plant, thereby reducing the cost of production while safeguarding the quality of the product. The main process for processing is that the company is first responsible for purchasing the main raw materials needed for the production of the product, including chips, liquid crystal displays, etc.
Plastic casings, pcb plates, power sources, packages and other components, with the exception of some chip purchases from foreign manufacturers such as ti and broadcom, where most materials are purchased from domestic suppliers; further commissioning of foreign producers such as Chinese Union Electronics, Van Lida Technologies and others for production processing in accordance with the technical standards and quality requirements of the company; and, finally, testing of finished products by the company.
In contrast to Europe and the United States, where domestic controls over ip communications are tight, the company ' s products are mainly sold abroad, with 80% of its revenues in the European and American region in 2020. Through more than 150 distributors and operators, companies have established distribution networks covering more than 100 countries around the world, company sales workers and local distributors.
A solid distribution system is one of the company’s core competitiveness, with end-user groups permeating from low-end to high-end. By the end of 2019, companies owned 153 distributors worldwide, with core distributors working with companies for more than a decade.
The ball’s distribution system is super-efficient, allowing companies to reduce sales costs while fast matching user demand, and the company’s accumulated brand awareness and loyalty has become a solid moat. At the same time, the company’s earlier penetration of the ip communications market through small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) has now begun to move to high-end markets, creating partnerships with global renowned operators and conference platforms to open new ones.
1.3 A return to high growth in the moderating of the epidemic, taking advantage of market opportunities to expand R & D inputs The impact of the epidemic has decreased and performance has recovered at a high rate. The company’s high-end market opening and the conference product “Cloud Plus” campaign have contributed to higher performance growth, with higher rates of growth being maintained, with harvests from 2017 to 2020 and net returns to mothers cagr, respectively.
25.7 per cent, 29.4 per cent, and only a brief decline in 2020, owing to the impact of the epidemic on the company ' s overseas marketing activities, which prevented the sale of desktop phones, but with the easing of the epidemic, the company ' s performance returned to high levels with a forecast of $3.7 billion in 2021, an increase of 34.4 per cent over the same period, based on the company ' s 2021 fast report, and a projected net return to the mother of $1.62 billion over the same period.
The product structure is optimized in parallel with cost control, resulting in a company’s high Māori level. Against the backdrop of the impact of multiple adverse factors, such as a sharp decline in the dollar exchange rate and an increase in the price of raw materials, companies continue to optimize the product structure and increase the share of high-value-added product sales, while controlling the price adjustment to keep the company’s Māori level high. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company’s Māori ratio remained high.
In the 21-year triannual report, the cost of corporate sales continued to decline to 4.2 per cent, management and financial costs to 9.6 per cent and remote office opportunities to increase research and development inputs. In the context of the new normality of mixed offices, market demand for cloud office services will continue to rise, and companies will increase their research and development investment in three lines of business to speed up the roll-out of new machines and functions.
Rapid response to market demand. In 2020, R & D costs increased by 53.9% to 300 million yuan, R & D costs reached 10.7% and R & D accounted for 695 people, representing 49.9% of the total workforce.
At the same time, in 2021, the company set up the Business Partnership Incentive Fund to cover the company’s core cadres.
Effectively integrating the interests of all parties, together promoting the long-term development of the company and maintaining its long-term competitiveness. In 2018, the Equity Incentives Scheme: for the first time, a total of 86 persons were given incentives, including two senior managers of the company and a total of 84 core technical (business) and other employees.
The target was exceeded and, based on 21-year fast performance estimates, the third evaluation was successfully completed. Table 3: Performance of the performance appraisal targets of the Incentive Plan for 2018 (after adjustments to the performance targets for phase II and III) Equity Incentives Plan for 2020: The total number of incentives awarded for the first time under the Plan was 113, including senior managers in the corporate sector
A total of 2 staff and a total of 111 core technical (operational) staff and other staff. At present, the first performance appraisal target has been met and the second performance appraisal target is expected to be successfully completed. Table 4: Status of the 2020 incentive plan corporate performance appraisal target (after the first and second performance targets adjustments)
The Business Partner Incentives Fund scheme: Incentives Fund was set up in 2021 to stimulate the “second-start” enthusiasm of top corporate personnel, to direct the long-term attention of top corporate income growth and profitability, to enhance the stability and cohesion of top corporate staff, and to ensure long-term, healthy and sustainable development of the company.
The company is involved in setting up two major industrial investment funds, the United States Confederation of Catalan Intelligent Enterprise Investment Fund (US$ 110 million) and the United States Confederation of Catalan Digital Enterprise Investment Fund (US$ 130 million), to create new areas of focus for high-growth global communications, cloud services, big data, artificial intelligence, corporate security, smart office, etc.
Investing in new projects. Forward-looking investment layout helps to enhance corporate industrial synergies and provide a long-term boost to future high-growth competitions. Table 6: Corporate venture capital investors (as of 24 February 2022)
2.1 Corporate ip communication trends are highly certain, and the sip phone is the preferred category for the ipphone. The replacement of ip communication with analog communication is an inevitable trend for business communications.
However, in the context of the growing size of the enterprise and the increased demand for cross-border communications, local pbx is difficult to meet the needs of multiple branches of the department, and the Internet-based ip communication system has been created.ip communications systems upgrade traditional pbx to ip-pbx and connect data to the Internet to achieve the purpose of transmitting audio and video via the network, i.e., vip., low cost, high functionality.
As a corollary to the development of inter-firm communications, multi-end integrated communication is the inevitable trend. Compared to the H.323 agreement, the sip agreement is lighter and more flexible, gradually becoming the future direction.
(itef) Multimedia communications protocol, a relatively simple, lightweight text protocol, which achieves a separation of messages and media, facilitates the addition of customized media and data and is therefore very broad-based. Therefore, the sip protocol's outreach and spirituality The demand for sip phones will continue to grow in the context of corporate unity of communication trends. The sip phone is based on the sip protocol's voip
The conversion process has created a large demand for ip phones, which will be further expanded in the future by the uc roll-out of the enterprise ' s system, and the cip phones, which benefit from extensive compatibility with the uc system, have become the preferred category for ip phones. According to frast&sullivan, global Sip terminals are expected to reach 17.6 million by 2023, with a combined growth rate of 6.9 per cent over five years, according to billion.
The top five players in the global tipphone market, led by a small number of firms, were the first billion network, Cisco, Pollycom (now Poly), Grandstream and aaaastra, which together accounted for 72.7% of the total market share of the world in 2015. Because Polycom was bought by Plantronics in 2018, it was poorly integrated.
Net market share has expanded rapidly, rising to 29.5 per cent in 2019 and further up to 34.3 per cent in 2020. Figure 22: Sip ' s share in the market of global tipphones in 2019 compared to 2.2 advantaged global top1, with product-plus channels driving up prices on a two-pronged basis
The company’s desktop communications terminal consists of a sip phone, a dect phone, which is a company’s cash cow product. The division divides the downstream market precisely to meet different levels of demand through differences in hardware and software.
At the same time, companies, in collaboration with Microsoft, Zoom, and others, have launched identification machines to further enhance competitiveness in the high-end voice market. Early entry into the SME market with ultra-high-priced telephones has now become the world’s largest market for sip phones.
Foreign firms focus mainly on high-end markets, providing communication terminals for large firms. And companies target low- and medium-end markets, take advantage of the higher price sensitivity of SMEs, provide ultra-high-value-for-product penetration into the telephone market, and then seep into the high-end market.
Three major advantages have been forged in the medium and long term, and market shares will continue to rise steadily. Unlike the general consumer market, firms are more sticky, and value the stability and consistency of their products, and they want to get good after-sales from suppliers.
The company’s channel advantage, R & D certification advantage, and cost advantage can capture the business’s client’s pain and meet its client’s needs, creating barriers to entry. Channel advantage: a global multi-layered distribution network creates barriers to corporate competition, and good management of channels ensures quality of service.
The Division has established a three-tier system of marketing of products: (1) for the global SME market, a network of well-established distribution networks has been laid through the distribution model, and the 153 distributors currently owned by companies cover 106 countries and regions around the world and can quickly provide high-quality services to their clients; (2) for the telecommunications operator market, companies actively cooperate with well-known global operators through operators.
Repositioning of products; (3) For large business clients, working with platforms such as Microsoft, Tseng, Zoom, Broadsoft, and vava, to recommend products to corporate customers as packaged into integrated solutions.
In terms of research and development, while mastering basic audio video processing techniques such as audio video decoding, echo elimination, noise removal, video engines, image reduction, etc., the company also has access to bottom sound video basic algorithms, which do not require a package from the main chip manufacturer to make audio video processing possible, avoiding reliance on the main chip manufacturer and achieving competition with competing competitions.
In terms of certification, the global marketing of audio-visual products requires extensive, difficult and long-cycle access certifications from different countries, and companies have obtained over 200 product access certifications and security certifications for EUce, United States fcc, Australia rcm, Brazil anatel, and Egypt ntra certifications. In addition, the Sipphone, as an ip communication terminal, needs to be matched.
Business communications system manufacturers match docking to meet user needs, and platform certification compatibility has become a major barrier for the industry, while the public sector has developed a relatively high-quality ecological relationship, with a significant number of system platform vendors certified with an advantage. Cost advantage: the foreign-union processing model has cost advantages, and companies focus on research and development to keep their products competitive.
The outsourcing of manufacturing links to maquiladora plants and the maintenance of product quality while reducing production costs, for example through feed processing, resulted in higher per capita output when only 12 per cent of the company’s employees were responsible for the production chain in 2020, and nearly eight members focused on the R & D and sales chain, which generated higher returns.
In the long run, the continuous product structure and channels optimize the volume-growth dynamic of the company’s desktop phone business. On the product side, the company’s introduction of the t5 series has accelerated its penetration into high-end markets occupied by European and American manufacturers. The high-end markets have been opened well because of the competitiveness of the t5 series of products and the company’s accumulated brand visibility.
On the other hand, the company’s operators and large customer markets such as North America’s intsp have made a clear breakthrough, with German telecommunications, law, etc.
Large operators like National Telecommunications, British Telecommunications, etc. have entered into cooperative relationships, with a marked increase in their share of sales in some of their clients, even exceeding the industry’s leading producers. At the same time, companies have entered into strategic collaborations with leading platform operators Microsoft, Zoom, tied up for sale of high-end smartphones, with a long-term growth space. The company’s desktop communications terminal (including dect phones) was realized in the first half of 2021.
The revenue of $1.14 billion remained at 20 per cent of the year-on-year growth, with strong growth power. 3uc equipment became a business necessity, and the cloud-end conference product matrix covered the uc landscape
3.1 Uniform communication is the trend towards corporate communications, driven by multiple factors, which drive market expansion. A unified enterprise communications system can be divided into privatized deployments and cloud deployments. Privatization deployments are those in which enterprises build their own communications systems, and businesses have to bear the cost of purchasing and maintaining servers and systems, while cloud deployments are those in which enterprises operate to the uc platform.
With the rapid growth of the “Cloud Calculus” industry, it is possible for platform vendors to provide integrated business communication services through cloud servers.
As a result of the lower costs of deployment and higher expansion, more and more enterprises, especially SMEs, are opting for integrated cloud-based communication services. Harmonizing communications is still in rapid development, with multiple factors resonant to accelerate market expansion.
Uc penetration has set the precondition that the will for intra-firm efficiency gains is an intrinsic driver of switching uc, an external catalyst of the uc outbreak, and that uc has become an essential tool in the business’s day-to-day work processes. According to Fortune, the global market for unified communication and collaboration (uc&c) will reach $113.81 billion in 2028, with 14.5 per cent in August.
In the field, according to idc, the global market for video software and services reached $22.1 billion in 2020, an increase of 45 per cent over the same period; the market for enterprise meetings reached $2.6 billion, an increase of 12.4 per cent over the same period; the market for ip phones was $1.9 billion, a decline of 22.8 per cent over the same period; and the market for public clouds (ucaas) reached $16.4 billion, an increase of 21 per cent over the same period.
Figure 34: Market size of unified communications and collaboration (uc&c)
uc pre-requisites. According to Spiedtest, global network transmission has increased overall, with global mobile networks downloading at an average rate of 71.3 mps by the end of 2021, fixed broadband downloads at an average rate of 123.9 mps, while global network coverage has expanded rapidly, with more than 80% coverage of the global 4g cellular network and more than 500 million global connections.
The construction of the fast-tracking will facilitate the migration of traditional voice communications to the Internet and accelerate the penetration of the unified communications system. Figure 36: Average transmission speed (left) and delay (right) of the global mobile network, figure 37: Global average transmission speed (left) and delay (right) of fixed broadband
According to Iree, in 2019, the global business travel costs for businesses exceeded $1.5 trillion, of which more than 60% represented more than 5% of total expenditure. Tele-office operations through the uc system allowed businesses to optimize and reduce their business operating costs effectively.
Unnecessary travel expenditure, increased efficiency in communicating with local partners, and hence efficiency gains. The epidemic triggered remote office requirements, and the uc conference platform became a business office necessity.
Solutions (e.g. ucaas) as part of its corporate communications programme. As the epidemic continues, the office habits of staff, from management to ordinary staff, have been profoundly changed, mixed offices have been accepted by most businesses, and, according to bcg, 70% of business managers are more comfortable with teleworking, and more than one third of employees will continue to be far away from the end of the epidemic.
In addition, according to Gartner, by the end of 2021, 51 per cent of all knowledge workers worldwide are expected to be working remotely, including such technology companies as Google, Apple, Microsoft, Dale, Facebook and others, which have implemented a hybrid office model, and the Enterprise Unified Communications Platform has become one of the necessary facilities for modern enterprises.
Technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, etc. enable the conference system to move out of the communication tool category and evolve into an enterprise management tool. With the addition of technology such as i, the enterprise uc has expanded from a basic communications function to an integrated enterprise management tool that combines multiple functions, such as communication, collaboration, management, etc., and enables long-time employee work records, working paper sharing collaboration, face-to-face management.
The enterprise ' s uc system also allows the integration of mobile office, home office, office desk office, and conference room functions into one system, which is gradually becoming an integrated management tool necessary for modern enterprises. In addition, new office formats such as the meta-coastal conference, physical network office equipment, etc., extend the boundaries of unified communications and catalyse the further expansion of the uc market.
As the uc market continues to expand, a large number of firms are competing from the cloud to the end. The integrated communications industry chain is built upstream for mcu server providers, basic communications hardware providers, and cloud service providers, including, inter alia, grids, poly, cisco, grandstream, aaastra, etc.; and the industrial chain is dominated by a variety of solutions providers, such as platform-type manufacturers (Microsoft, Microsoft).
Communications meetings, etc.), traditional communications providers (Billions of United Networks, Cisco, Poly, etc.), cloud communication services (zoom, Free Press, China, etc.) and national telecommunications operators, among others; downstream customers are mainly government and business customers.
The three main manufacturers, soft, cisco and zoom, together accounted for 50.2 per cent, avaya, ringcentral and billionaire, respectively, 2.6 per cent, 1.9 per cent, and 0.9 per cent, respectively, of the fragmented pattern of competition. In the segmented market, according to Omdia, the global videoconferencing end market, with its share of 44.1 per cent, the top three producers together accounted for 80 per cent, and the market was monopolized by the old communicators.
Figure 46: Share of global videoconferencing end market in 2020 Figure 45: Share of global uc&c market in 2020 to provide one-stop service on 3.2 “Cloud+” whole-line, tied to giants absorbing domestic and foreign increases
The company ' s uc conference product includes cloud platforms, software end and hardware end, and the "Cloud+end" collaboratively provides a holistic solution. The company launched the vcs videoconferencing system in 2015 and, after years of product overlap, the company ' s uc conference product line can now be divided into four main categories of unified communications platform, videoconferencing platform, videoconferencing hardware and smart meeting room equipment, covering four main categories.
The ucaas public cloud service, videoconferencing servers, conference room visual terminals, etc., from cloud to terminal, software to hardware-wide product categories, provide a one-stop integrated communication solution. The Cloud+end solution addresses the market pain points of videoconferencing and achieves full operational synergy.
Transfers and controls, hardware is responsible for data collection, effectively avoiding poor visual quality and coverage caused only by soft-end, and hardware-only options that are inflexible, low-valued and direct to market pain points. The company ' s meme platform and yms server can combine multi-end uses of the company ' s desktop phones, conference equipment, and usb products.
Terminals can all be connected through a unified communications platform that allows customers to match hardware to the company when purchasing soft, good, uniform communications markets sink to SMEs and reuse channel advantage absorbs incremental demand. ucaas reduces the cost of enterprises establishing a unified communication system, subsides the uc market to SMEs, and companies revert to a mature network of global distribution channels,
At the same time, in response to the needs of SMEs, firms have adopted a tradition of precision product positioning, proposing flexible deployment methods such as public, private and mixed clouds, and since 2018 have introduced the yms videoconferencing server, the billions of United Clouds, and the integrated communications platform ume, creating flexible and diverse video programmes to meet the needs of different groups.
Videoconferencing will usher in a new growth cycle in which the domestic market will become an important growth point for companies. The domestic videoconferencing market is ahead of the epidemic’s catalytic overall development, and idc is expected to be larger than $10 billion by 2024, of which the videoconferencing hardware market will be 8% in 20-24 cagr and the cloud-based software conference market will be 24.5%.
As the market’s willingness to pay for cloud services increases and non-contact businesses rise, the country’s videoconferencing market will usher in a new cycle of robust growth. Companies are keen to seize domestic videoconferencing market opportunities, compared to the domestic and international versions of the company’s new network of officials, and we find them.
In addition, domestic distributors of corporate meeting products have covered all the provinces of the country, and the overall solutions for custom-made hardware and software packages have made good progress among the government clients.
The Henan Provincial Council, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the National Center for Disease Control, etc. provide videoconferencing services to help with medical care, education, party building, and so on. We therefore believe that companies already have a high profile and branding power among our political and business clients, and that they will be given priority in the benefits of industry growth, and that the domestic market is expected to bring added value to the company.
The company became a strategic partner in Microsoft in 2015 and, through Microsoft skypeforbusiness certification, launched the Zoom certified smart video terminal in 2016, with strategic collaboration with Sony Teng in 2019.
So there is a need to work with traditional hardware manufacturers to quickly roll out hardware and software-compatible solutions, and the billions of dollars in hard product quality have become the only national brand that has been certified by Microsoft, Zoom and Tweets, and companies have certified video hardware that has been recommended on the top three platform officers ' web pages to maximize market growth due to the rise in industry.
The company obtained its first recommendation for three platforms based on the excellence of its products. Of the 183 telephones, conferences and personal office products certified by Teams, 26 came from the billion-dollar network, while many were strongly recommended on the first page; four suppliers were certified in the Haas (hardware or services) launched by Zoom, one of the billion-dollar leagues; and the rooms were found in the trom conference.
One of the four major brands selected for conference room hardware, the billionaires, was recommended for the first page.In terms of idc ' s share of the global market for uc&c in 2020 and the size of the conference terminal market, Microsoft and Zoom together accounted for 39.7 per cent of the market space, assuming that the billionaires and conference room terminals accounted for 30 per cent of the sales share of the two platforms ' equipment.
In addition, the number of users of the teams and zoom platforms was close to 200 million in 2021, assuming that by 2025 every 100 users of 200 million would share a conference room, with an average cost of $2,000 for each conference room of a rooms terminal and a share in the sale of a billion-dollar combined product.
For 25%, there's a market space of $1 billion. So, BFW is tied to the depth of the three main platforms, based on leading audio-visual technology, multi-profit resonance, and corporate videoconferencing hardware business is on the rise. Companies have face-to-face recognition and tracking, smart image optimization, multi-micro array technology, smart noise abatement technology, self-adaptation balance.
A number of core audio-visual technologies, such as instrument technology, multi-column micro-cam technology, lead the audio-visual technology industry. Meanwhile, a 99 per cent increase in the yield of conference products in the same year, reaching $400 million, is expected to remain high in the future.
4.1 Commercial terminals are distinguished from consumer terminals, and unified communications outbreaks present new market opportunities. There are differences in the characteristics of individual commercial and consumer end demand and market barriers. From the point of view of product design, commercial grade products need to meet the quality and comfort of sound and video with long high frequency calls and need to be tailored to the needs of different scenarios.
Corresponding design. Thus, commercial ears are more focused on sound collection, speech reduction and long-duration comfort than consumer-grade headphones, and on compatibility and video resolution than consumer-level cameras are designed to take into account such additional features as beauty and beauty. Commercial cameras are designed with a greater emphasis on “i.e. plug-in-and-use” compatibility as well as on video resolution.
From a demand-side perspective, commercial level terminals place greater emphasis on compatibility between products, which, as part of the enterprise ' s communications component, will normally be used together with a unified communications platform for better interaction, so the enterprise will accompany the acquisition of interfaced products with the platform and achieve the hardware terminal ' s direct access to soft terminal-related functions. Second, the enterprise ' s follow-up to the procurement terminal
There are high demand for services, which requires higher tob channels for equipment manufacturers. Specialized design for commercial terminals needs to meet the specific needs of users for business communication, which also creates barriers between consumer-level terminals and commercial end markets.
Home, mobile and corporate office models, including Google, Apple, Portfolio and other domestic and foreign companies, have been adopted to address the impact of the epidemic on business operations, and gartner expects 32% of the global workforce to work in mixed office by the end of 2021. With the expansion of teleworking, staff have begun to seek additional remote space.
The business headphones and meeting cameras will be heavily demanded by remote office and mobile office scenes in communications, while the uc system will be required for uc systems.
A business headphone compatible with the depth of the uc system becomes a personal office necessity. According to frost&sullivan, with the expanding market of uc, the global dedicated office headphones grew to $4.44 billion, and the cagr reached 12.2%. In addition, according to gvc, the global webcam (webcam)
Market size reached $6.85 billion in 2020, and will continue to grow at a compound rate of 12.9% in the future.  Global webcam market size ($ billion)  Global videocam market size ($ billion)
Poly and gn groups monopolize over 80% of the market share of commercial earl. Polly, formerly a platrontics, was used on the Apollo 11 trip to the moon, with a large number of multinational groups and the US government as major clients with strong branding power. The gn group is a world-famous provider of hearing and headphone solutions.
The global uc video platform, Pollycom, changed its name to Polly, but the subsequent consolidation of the channel system has not progressed well, and headphone operations have been significantly affected. In 2019, Gn’s Jeporon headphone operations earned more than Polly, becoming the world’s leading headphone provider.
4.2 Technological advantages add up channel capacity to accelerate product rotation and increase market share A cloud office end product line is in place and uc full-scale office product matrix is in place. The company established cloud office end in 2020, mainly for personal office scenes in business communications, especially mobile office, remote office, etc. A company controls distance.
New opportunities for the growth of demand for office equipment, the creation of new production lines to secure resource inputs, and the introduction of products such as eels to connect users with telecommunications products are the last step in refining the corporate uc-wide product matrix. Twenty audio-visual technologies are deep-seated and reuse to commercial eels creates a powerful technological advantage.
Sipphone audio technology, which achieves the same quality of voice performance on smaller-sized earphones, uses an end-in-house six-mike wind ring array that achieves 360° full-way sound pick-up, re-uses company high-quality audio technology and cutting-edge acoustic technology that provides high-quality full-time experience and smart noise abatement, echo elimination, etc. At the same time, a company-developed certification system ensures commercial ear mallet production.
It is well compatible with the mainstream platform on the market, and links to company ip phones allow sound optimization and enhanced functionality and complete product closure. Positioning the global SME market, reinstating global channel advantages, has a stronger brand power. Business eels and early sip words.
The machine market is highly similar, both of which are front-loaded monopolistic markets, and companies are using user-segregated and differentiated design strategies to cut in from the SME market. At the same time, the company has been able to make better use of the market for commercial eels because of the high level of reuse of audio technology and marketing channels, similarity of target households, and high degree of intra-channel recognition of corporate brands.
Taking advantage of market opportunities and accelerating the roll-out of new products to capture market shares. Normalization of the epidemic plus oligopoly integration has been hampered, business earl market opportunities have emerged, companies have accelerated the roll-out of new product coverage market demand, and 20-30 are planned to be launched in the future.
High-value market-opening strategies at the expense of short-term Māori and rapid doubling of cloud office terminal revenues. As a result of the new global coronary epidemic, business hybrids become the norm, and individual telemobile office terminals become more market-aware and need to be made available.
Rapid growth and better market feedback for new items such as wireless headphones introduced by companies led to a significant increase in corporate office terminals, with business earnings of 100 million yuan in the first half of 2021, an increase of 131.9 per cent over the same period the previous year.
The Division's Māori rate has fallen to 54 per cent, but in the future Māori levels will be achieved as scale effects become apparent and product structures optimized assuming that: 1 global corporate communications move from analogue to ip communications, the sip voice penetration rate gradually rises, and the B.D.D. is the world's number one for four consecutive years, assuming a steady increase in the market for Sip phones and a continuous rise in corporate-market ownership.
Assumption 2: The company continues to optimize its product structure, driving up average unit prices and Māori rates for desktop phone operations, assuming that the company ' s t5 series of high-end phone sales will continue to increase, t3 phones will gradually replace T2 phones, supplies of raw materials such as chips will be tightened in the future, and the renminbi will remain largely stable against the United States dollar, with Māori desktop communications terminal operations projected for 2021-2023
Assumption 3: rapid growth of the global videoconferencing market, good outreach of corporate domestic government clients, close collaboration with global operators and cloud conference platforms, expected to achieve a substantial increase in volume prices, assuming prices for corporate conference products are assumed in scenario 4: personal office terminal needs increase as unified communications and teleworking become more widespread, and corporate sound video is reused
(b) We have selected four listed companies in the industry that offer cloud platforms, software and hardware solutions to enterprises as comparable publics.
Divisions, which are fast-tracked, high-profile, convinced clothing, and gold mountain offices. The company’s three main product lines will have the following cores in the future: 1) The company will launch t3, t5 and cloud platform customphones, continue to optimize the sip phone structure, and the sales of high-end products will improve the company’s Māori level as a percentage of sales: 2) The company’s conference product will be launched on domestic party construction, health, education, etc.
Industry solutions, providing one-stop services at the "Cloud+" end, are expected to be available in the future in the domestic political and business markets. Meanwhile, companies, in partnership with large clients such as global operators and cloud platforms, have stabilized by tying up sales meeting terminals to benefit from the global uc market outbreak, which will produce products that will be a key driver for companies to maintain high growth; and 3) teleworking continues to catalyse the expansion of personal office terminal markets.
The company’s reuse of technology and marketing channels to accelerate the introduction of new product coverage market incremental demand is expected to remain at a rate of more than 70%. In combination with comparable company valuations and the future growth space of the billion-dollar network, the company was given 38 times more space in 2022, corresponding city 1) risk of disruption in the sale of products due to recurrent overseas epidemics.
The suspension of major gatherings, city closures, etc. to disrupt the spread of the epidemic, the marketing of some of the company’s products in the form of communications fairs, deployments under the line, etc., could result in a temporary decline in the sale of the company’s products if economic activity affected by the epidemic is suspended.) Exchange rate fluctuations risk fluctuations in the company’s dollar-denominated product performance.
As a result, the renminbi is under considerable pressure to appreciate, and as part of the company’s product is denominated in United States dollars, a significant appreciation of the renminbi could lead to a decline in the company’s revenue collection. 3) The higher end-of-the-art roll-out is less risky than expected.
The future Māori rate has a negative impact. 4) Cloud office end products are not as popular as expected.
If a company fails to participate in a venture capital investment project, it may make it impossible for the company to obtain any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.