New business relays drive growth, multiple layers of long-acting incentives stimulate dynamism, new business became a core driver of growth in 2021, and product competitiveness continued to improve. Corporate revenue and profit-side growth as a whole remained robust in 2021, benefiting from increased market competitiveness and sustained market breakthroughs.
In 2021, the company achieved an operating income of $3.68 billion, an increase of 33.76 per cent over the same period; the ratio of net profit to income from maternity fell, benefiting from the scale effect of growth in corporate income. The decline in profitability was mainly due to the negative impact of higher prices of raw materials and exchange rate fluctuations between the United States dollar and the renminbi.
The sub-operational structure shows an increase in the sip phone market, revenue from conference products and cloud office terminal products 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices The corresponding Māori increase in operations has exceeded the Māori increase in desktop communications terminal operations and has become the company's future
In 2022, the company will continue to build the marketing capacity of large projects and the "Platform+Intelligent Hardware Terminal" solution as it continuously improves the competitiveness of its smart hardware products. The first quarter of 2022 began with a bright start, with the Māori Ring rising.
Business income is 1.04 billion yuan, or 40.10 per cent more than the previous period; a net return profit of 487 million yuan is being achieved, parallel to growth, with the proposed introduction of a new restricted stock, with a multilayered long-term long-term incentive. The company’s introduction of a new limited stock has maintained the continuity of equity incentives for the long-term effectiveness of the core workforce.
The performance targets reflect the firm’s confidence in sustained robust growth over the next three years.
Q4 performance is high and motivated. The plan is time-bound and continuous, and it is also good to steer the company to the top.
BN-300628-2021 Quarterly Performance Review: Downstream demand continues to thrive People focus on long-term value creation and enhancing stability and cohesion of top corporate personnel.
A “buy-in” rating is maintained, based on a decline in the Māori rate of the company's operations affected by the rise in raw materials, taking into account the continued increase in the market competitiveness of the successor new product lines programme. The new business has become a core driver of growth, and product competitiveness has continued.
Corporate revenues and profits as a whole remained robust in 2021, thanks to increased market competitiveness and sustained market breakthroughs. In 2021, the company achieved operating revenues of $3.68 billion, an increase of 33.76 per cent over the same period; net profit returns of $1.616 billion, an increase of 26.38 per cent over the same period; net profits of $1.428 billion, an increase over the same period, were realized.
The cost of sales fell by 55 per cent over the year, mainly because of the continuous increase in the number of employees of each type in the company, which led to the related remuneration.
The four major costs as a percentage of revenue have declined, mainly as a result of the economies of scale and management efficiency gains resulting from the growth in corporate incomes, while the level of cost rates in the context of the low income base, which was affected by the epidemic in 2020, has been relatively relative to the figure of $60 billion in the number of employees and per capita pay increases.
Cash flows are healthy, and the increase in cash inflows from operating activities corresponds more to the increase in revenue.
The net cash flow from fund-raising activities is $596 million, mainly in relation to the distribution of dividends, payment of interest or repayment of debt over the acquisition of loans.
The sum of operations has risen from 14.6 per cent in 2019 to 30.9 per cent, and the corresponding Māori increase in operations has exceeded the Māori increase in desktop communications terminal operations and has become the driving force behind the company ' s future core growth.The current desktop communication terminal is the company ' s first largest business, earning 2,547 million yuan in 2021, an increase of 21.22 per cent over the same period.
The demand-side benefits from the replacement of ip-to-traditional analogue communications, while the epidemic accelerates the process of digitalization of businesses and contributes to the further downswing of markets. Companies continue to become more competitive in their own products, with client groups infiltrated from small and medium-sized enterprises to large and medium-sized enterprises, and work with Microsoft depth to further enhance their competitiveness in high-end markets.
According to frost&sullivan data, in 2020, the number of users of the Internet sip telephones was 34.3%, and in 2021, the conference product was the company’s second largest line of business, earning 913 million yuan in 2021, an increase of 72.77%. One side benefited from the shift of videoconferencing from privatization to publicization, driving market applications to sink; and the epidemic added.
The company itself continuously upgrades the capacity of hardware terminals and platform end, system end, business income has continued to grow rapidly over the years, and in 2021, the Smart Room Solving case was launched, further expanding the capacity circle.
The cloud office terminal generated $22 million, an increase of 80.35 per cent. It is the company’s new business line, which is still in its early stages of development, with a continuous expansion of the product matrix, from wired to wireless dect headphones, to bluetooth headphones, and continues to expand from low to medium to high.
The business-system integrator channel has a high level of reuse, growing rapidly, depending on the company’s audio-visual processing algorithms and mature network and supply chain systems. Synchronized growth has benefited from the easing of the impact of the epidemic.
Looking forward to 2022, while continuously improving the competitiveness of smart hardware products, the company will continue to build the ability to sell large projects and “platform + smart hardware terminal” solutions. The company’s products and solutions cover a wide range of scenarios, including personal office, small and medium-sized conference rooms, senior staff space, daily office space, etc.
In 2021, the company launched the Smart Conference Room Solutions programme, which integrates meeting room accessories such as electronic door signs, smart control devices, smart video terminals and collaborative touch-and-touch panels, wireless slides, and screen collaboration systems, to further enhance the solution to be intelligent and efficient.
The first quarter of 2022 began with a bright rise in the Maori ring ratio The first quarter of 2022, the company achieved an operating income of $1.04 billion, an increase of 40.10 per cent, the first quarter of 2022, a net return of $487 million, an increase of 30.05 per cent, and a net profit of $447 million, an increase of the same amount.
Figure 11: Net profit and increase (millions, per cent, per cent) in the first quarter of 2022 of the GWW 17q1-22q1 Quarter Māori ratio rises in the first quarter of 2022, mainly because of the continuous upgrading of product structures; and the upward revision of product prices.
The rate of delivery declined simultaneously, by 0.43 pct, 0.03 pct and 0.82 pct, respectively, with net cash flows generated by the company ' s operations during the first quarter of 2022 amounting to $23,113 million, an increase of 23.53 per cent, of which cash inflows from operating activities increased by 30.18 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and healthy growth in operating cash flows.
It's proposed to launch a new restricted stock, multilevel long-acting incentive, parallel, companies implementing multi-layer long-acting incentives, including a business partner ' s shareholding scheme, a restricted stock incentive scheme.
Incentive mechanisms. In 2021, the company introduced the Business Partner Incentives Fund, which will be formalized in 2022, while a new restricted stock will be introduced in 2022. (1) Under the company ' s Restricted Stock Incentives Plan 2022 (draft), the company intends to grant the incentives to the target audience.
6.59 million shares, representing approximately 90,231.141 million shares of the total stock of the company at the time of the announcement of the draft plan, including some senior managers, eligible core managers and core technical (business) personnel, and other employees whose boards of directors of the company have identified the need for incentives. (3) Limitations granted for the first time under this incentive plan
Sex shares are assigned in three instalments after the 12-month period from the date of award, with a performance appraisal of 40 per cent, 30 per cent and the sub-granting portion for three fiscal years, 2022-2024, with a set-aside performance appraisal for two fiscal years, 2023-2024, with a performance appraisal target of operating income and net profit for each year.
Not less than 20% of the growth rate of the previous year. (6) Restrictive stock appraisal indicators are at two levels: company-level performance and individual performance appraisal. (7) The award date is determined by the board of directors after consideration of the incentive plan by the general meeting of shareholders of the company, and the incentive is valid from the date of the first award of the restricted stock award to the target audience.
In our view, the company’s introduction of a new restricted stock has maintained the continuity of equity incentives to facilitate long-term, effective incentives for core employees. At the same time, the performance targets of the incentive program reflect the company’s commitment to the next three years.
Confidence to sustain robust growth. According to the company ' s 2022 Business Partner Holdings Plan (draft) (1), it takes the form of a growth rate of no less than 30% in the year of the company ' s audited consolidated statement of operating income (lower) compared to the year, and the limits set by the company.
When the annual performance target is met, the incentive fund is drawn at a rate not exceeding 10 per cent of the net profit increase for the year, with a specific percentage to be confirmed by the company's board of directors. (2) The incentive fund is also used to set up a “business partnership holding scheme” to purchase and lock in the company's shares in the form of a holding plan, pending lock-in
The locking period and the duration of the locking period are 12 months from the date of transfer of the last target stock announced by the Department to the date of the holding of the stock plan, and the term of the locking period is 18 months.
From the date of the last bid of the company announcement, the stock transfer to the holding plan. (3) The incentive fund.
(5) The equity plan is to be managed by the company itself or entrusted to a specialized institution with asset management qualifications to purchase and manage shares in the form of a special asset management plan, which shall be completed within six months of the date on which the equity plan is considered by the shareholders meeting.
After the established rules have been completed on the ownership of the stock subject, the stock subject to sale by the Management Committee or its delegated asset management body during the lifetime will be distributed in proportion to the amount of the stock subject to which the holder is entitled. We believe that the business partner’s shareholding plan has set a higher rate of revenue growth than the restricted stock plan.
The goal is to steer the company’s top-level personnel toward higher business goals, thereby facilitating the full mobilization of top-level personnel. At the same time, the plan is to place locks on a regular and continuing basis, drawing the attention of top-level companies to long-term value creation and, at the same time, contributing to the stability and cohesion of top-level companies and to their long-term health.
Targeted development provides organizational security.1 The market share of desktop communications terminal operations continues to increase steadily over the next three years, followed by a gradual slowdown and a steady decline in the overall Māori rate.
2. Business income will continue to grow at a faster pace with the abundance of product lines, with a continuous enrichment and upgrading of the cloud terminal product matrix in 2022, and a higher rate of Maori revenue is expected to continue at a faster pace in the next three years as high-end machine-type markets expand.
4. Cost rates show a decline in the firm ' s size effects ... expected to be stable. Based on the mitigation of the impact of the overseas epidemic and the continuous rise in competition in the company ' s market, reference is made to the performance appraisal indicators for top-level personnel in the company ' s equity partnership plan, taking into account that the new product lines issued by the company are reflected in income contributions
Based on the decline in the Māori rate of the company's operations, influenced by the increase in raw materials, the rate of Māori in the new business line cloud office terminals and the new product lines associated with the Hyeon conference room is lower than that of the desktop communications terminal and conference products, we have revised down 2022, the author has assured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author