For the first time, the BGW network (300,628) covers the company's 20-carrying of corporate communications markets, with product layouts ranging from desktop communications terminals to intelligent meeting rooms to cloud office terminals, and is now the leading global provider of communication and collaborative solutions.
Since 2020, the “5g” plus the “new crown” have been pushed forward to catalyze the demand for tele-office markets, and the overall industry has seen an upswing. In 2022, corporate profitability, influenced by the upward movement of the dollar against the renminbi, is expected to remain high and will continue to improve throughout the year.
“5g” + “New crown” pushes forward to catalyze demand in the office market: the need for remote meetings is becoming more acute today as office information is diversified. The advent of video co-location facilitates business flexibility and the construction of new forms of work. New technologies provide a stable network rate, much lower.
The 2020 epidemic directly contributed to the acceleration of the penetration of the telecommunication office market, and the continuation of the data shows that more and more businesses are adapting to the teleworking space in the post-epidemiological cycle.
The entire value chain of the industry is expected to continue to rise as hardware manufacturers continue to develop and refine the industry’s needs. Product upgrading and exchange rate appreciation are expected to keep corporate profits high: companies’ business expansion in recent years
In 2022, products continued to overlap and improved the structure of the “cloud-end” product. In the long run, the Māori ratio at the company’s hardware end will probably remain high. In the future, it will integrate changes in the product structure of the communications/clouds end product.
A new broad banding pattern, with a high Chinese-American exchange rate, will also boost corporate profits this year.
1.1 Effect deductions, video-collaborative office climates rise, and as digital office penetration increases, business communications expands, and information dissemination speeds and scales increase. At the same time, business communications are in the form of a single text and audio to text, audio, images, and vision.
There are many forms of modern communication. In the area of corporate communications, demand is generated in different areas of communication, and it is gradually becoming a diverse and large-scale video-collaborative office market.
However, as a result of globalization and the expansion of the size of the enterprise, pbx's voice signals will be processed using voice compression algorithms, after which compressed voice data will be pressed
The tcp/ip standard is packaged and sent to the receiving end via the network; the receiving end is then connected to multiple voice packets and restored to the original voice signal by uncompressing the processing, thereby enabling network communication.
3. Harmonisation of co-location systems: Diversity in the transmission of information by enterprises has led the entire enterprise ' s communications system to become increasingly focused on unified communication, along with audio communication. Harmonisation of communication is a new mode of communication that integrates Internet technology with traditional communication technologies, i.e. electricity based on the integration of the Internet with traditional communication networks.
Words, faxes, data transmissions, audio-teleconferencing, call centres, and instant communications are many applications. They combine multiple messages, thereby increasing freedom of choice and efficiency.
The demand for remote meetings is now becoming more evident in the diversity of office information, and videoconferencing is enabling businesses to operate flexibly and to build new forms of office. Businesses are no longer confined to their own home countries or to local markets, vendors, and people.
The expansion of the geographical scope of work requires companies to invest more in travel, accommodation, and long-distance office services. At the employee level, the increase in the frequency of travel can also significantly reduce the staff’s office experience.
Meeting discussions and information exchange with staff at the Department have been effective, reducing office efficiency while increasing travel costs and commuting time. Videoconferencing has enabled staff to report in real time and to present documents, data, and ppt during meetings, thus addressing the business pains of inefficient meetings.
Figure 3: Videoconferencing market demand analysis. Our market size for videoconferencing increased from 11.66 per cent in 2016 to 11.12 billion yuan in 2019. Market size growth will rise again, from 12.24 per cent in 2020 to 16.2 billion yuan in 2020.
21.8 billion yuan in 2023. At the same time, with increased coverage of videoconferencing systems, the associated added value of the software will be pushed forward by the "5g" plus the "new crown" to catalyze the office market demand by the "5g" and the technology will hit the remote office pain. The technology of 5g is not just "quick" but more stable.
The speed of the network, the lower speed of the network, and the higher communication capacity will further improve the existing remote office function and address the earlier pain points. The 5g with transport speeds of up to 10 gb/s, a very low time delay of 1 millisecond, will make a huge difference to the industry.
But in the 4g era, videoconferencing often results in less clarity, less stability in the network environment, and much less efficiency in user experience and meetings, and is a major pain point that videoconferencing has been unable to promote.
Looking at this painful point, accelerating demand. In remote and interactive meetings, the existing network tends to have a certain time lag, which means that users need to pause for a while after speaking to ensure that each other receive images and audio and have no intention to speak at all in order to continue speaking, reduce the mood of the meeting and reduce the depth of the discussion.
This problem can be further improved with the help of 5g technology. Higher communication capacity allows cloud-moved videoconferencing systems to have more functionality, and during videoconferencing, users can transmit documents such as Word, Excel, ppt, pdf in real time, increasing the interactive depth of meetings and comprehensively meeting their needs.
Chart 6: 5g technological improvements to the pain spots problem The epidemic “posted” and accelerated the evolution of demand. During the outbreak, some companies, schools, took a long-distance back-to-work, resumed school, offered to replace the “down-the-line meetings” with “on-line meetings”, and the demand for videoconferencing markets was fastened.
At the time of the epidemic, the Ministry of Education launched an initiative to “stop school, stop school,” with a large number of students starting to access real-time Internet classes at the request of the school, and companies starting to work in the form of teleworking. The impact of the outbreak on the videoconferencing industry was not a sign of a surge in traffic, but rather an acceleration of the pace of events at all levels of the industry.
Upgrades, in general, have a direct impact on demand and a fundamental impact on the rising value of the industry: 1) during the outbreak, the opening up of home-based office models by companies, the rise in the demand for intra-firm synergies, the "forced" use of related products by businesses and users that did not use videoconferencing, and the short-term surge in traffic; 2) during the de-escalation of the epidemic, resulting from the onset of the outbreak
(c) Post-epidemiological period, remote officeing, widespread concept, education of users of the epidemic, the entire industry chain, from hardware to solutionrs to channelers, etc.
Starting to further develop the industry by fine-tuning its needs and providing professional services. Chart 7: Data from home and abroad show that more businesses continue to choose teleconferencing after the outbreak slows down.
Offices. According to the data on the use of the conference, the outbreak in early 2020 and March 2022 had a very significant impact on the total number of teleconferencing users. At the same time, nearly half of the business households remained after the outbreak faded.
The growth rate of the active population of Teams and the number of business users of Zoom has slowed, but it is still in the growth zone. From a study of 10 countries, Zoom also shows that the number of people who choose to work only by meeting on the line is still a small minority, most of them prefer the “hybrid mix” format of meetings, and even a small group of people choose the line.
Up-to-office mode. Follow-up data shows that the dividends of the epidemic continue to appear, and that the entire value chain of the industry is expected to continue to rise as hardware manufacturers continue to develop their efforts to refine the industry’s needs. Figure 10: Number of Zoom business partners (number of companies)
Figure 11: Trends of countries in conference patterns (%)
Deep-farming enterprises have a 20-carried communications market, from Sip's business to a conglomerate of communications giants. The company has developed a new technology with a core of audio and video patents, and as a core competitiveness of the company, has actively developed the advantages of industry size, effects and channels, and has expanded its own business. The company's product lines have been expanding over the past two decades.
Clients provide a one-stop solution service that further enhances the breadth and depth of their cooperation with clients. From 2017 to the present, the public sector’s product sip phone has always held the highest position in the global market, with 34.3% in 2020 (frast&sullvan data for 2017-2020).
Deep collaboration with global telecommunications operators, videoconferencing flagships, and building market and brand barriers. In 2018, the Division became a Microsoft Global Video Strategy partner, and since then has been working with Zoom, tungsten, etc., the only end-user in the market to be certified as the three platform giants. In 2021, company customers were everywhere.
More than 140 countries and regions around the world, including the top 10 telecommunications operators in the world, such as the United States of America, British telecommunications, German telecommunications, etc., are often the first to consider the efficiency and stability of communications equipment when selecting communications products, which makes business users more likely to choose known old plants that have been tested in the market for many years.
In addition, the choice of a brand is more cost-effective when users have a demand for expansion. Companies have been active in opening overseas markets early enough to create a better brand profile within the industry and among the consumer groups of the enterprise.
Through the collaboration of distributors, telecommunications operators such as at&t, verizon, British telecommunications, German telecommunications, French telecommunications, etc., and integrated communication system platforms such as: broadsoft, microsofteams. Thus, the company’s carefully crafted “brand effect” over the years will become a firm barrier for companies.
Figure 13: Selected partners of the BFW network operators Figure 14: BFW network videoconferencing partners fastijjeb
Fume microsoft
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Swissrom pccw
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
China Ministry of Information and Communications Research
t. mobile. trg bluejeans.
Starleaf, Videxio p+her
The shareholders in the management team are Wu Jung-yi, Chen Ji-song, Lu Yong Fu, Zhou Ji-wei, and the four founders, acting as co-actors, together constitute the actual owners of the company. Chen Ji-song, Wu Dong-yi, Lu Yong-fu, Zhou Ji-wei, directly holding 17.29%, 16.57%, 10.47% and 7.87% of the shares, respectively, Chen Ji-song and Wu.
Indirectly holding 2.43% and 1.78% of the shares of the company through the Xiamen Million Network Information Technology Services Ltd., four people have no stake in the pledge. Chen Ji-song is the president and general director of the company, Wu is the vice-chairman of the company, Lu Yong-fu and Zhou Ji-wei are the director and deputy general manager of the company.
At the same time, voting rights are exercised on the basis of Chen Ji-song’s opinion. Since the company’s creation, four people have been at the helm of the company, with more than 20 years of technical expertise and extensive industry experience in the telecommunications industry, helping companies become global leaders in the industry.
Since 2018, the company has implemented three restricted stock incentive schemes, covering its core cadres in 2018, 2020, and 2022, and has been working effectively to mobilize its core workforce. The equity incentive schemes have been completed.
In five fiscal years, operating income grew by not less than 30 per cent in the same year, further enriching the company’s multi-layered growth. At the end of the year, the company’s business expansion was good, with a rise in net profits from revenue collection and repatriation. In 2021, the company actually earned $3.684 billion, an increase of 33.76 per cent over the same year; and realized a net profit of 1.616 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
In recent years, the company’s Māori rate has remained largely above 60%, and the cost rate has decreased slightly from year to year.
The transmission of cost pressures is expected to continue to support the future Māori rate. In terms of cost rates, the company ' s overall cost rate has been decreasing year by year in 2013-2021 as the company ' s size effects have increased, and the cost rate has remained stable in 2021, with the exception of lower currency exchange losses and lower financial costs.
2.2 Products continue to overlap, product structure changes drive changes in the Māori rate, high-value product output growth drives the Māori rate to a steady increase in 2013-2019. In 2013, the company’s sip electricity produced a high product with high market recognition, and later company technology continued to evolve, with a higher Māori rate of T5 being introduced.
In addition to this, the company further rolled out the vcs videoconferencing system in 2015, with an increase in sales of vt4, t5 and vcs. In the long run, the Māori rate on the company’s hardware end will either remain high and volatile, and the future Māori rate on the company’s product end will change.
It's basically mature and stable, and in the future we think that the company's hardware end rate may remain high. As the product structure changes, some of the products are classified as conference products.
Companies have evolved over the years to improve the structure of the cloud-plus product. With regard to conference products, companies have been able to provide flexible deployment options, such as public clouds, mixed clouds, and private deployments, to accommodate and meet the diverse needs of different groups. Since 2018, companies have successively launched the "yms" (yalinkmeeting) of the Alliance 's integrated communications platform.
The conference room solution was launched in 2021 to create a more diverse, flexible and multi-compatible video feed with a smart conference room terminal, the Meettingeye series, and other company terminals covering different meeting scenarios, including large, medium and small.
Programmes to serve more user groups. For cloud-side products, the company’s main product consists of commercial headphones, portable desktop office scene desktop communication terminals from conference-oriented meeting-site products to individual office-site terminals to provide high-quality experience in the use of systems platforms and to match the wisdom of different office scenes.
Hardware terminals form an enterprise communication solution that provides business users with an efficient and intelligent experience of office collaboration.
H.264-svc soft video decoding technology . . . service nodes cover more than 99 per cent of countries and territories . . . support privatization deployment, local data storage, independent management of security
• Security strategies such as user-defined sensitive word monitoring, electronic watermarks, security of barrier enterprise data and information security . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Multi-service modules such as integrated mcu, conference management, conference equipment management, enterprise site book, and whiteboard collaboration services
Support for 1,500 large video training sessions Support for rtmp live webcasts that can be viewed by more than 10,000 people at the same time
• Flexible management functions, cloud services, human conversation time services
Using a 4-k ultra-high lens to support human face and human form testing, it can automatically resize the image according to the number and location of participants.
• Built dual-frequencywi-fi with bluetooth to support 1080 pfhd high-resolution video. • Supported H.264hhprofile front-line decoding technology
Videophones. Supports usb extension. Video recording, intercepting four levels of intelligence, high-level noise-reduction microphones.
Conference headphones UTC can directly customise headphone management ..compatible mainstream communications and collaborative platforms
In terms of conference products, the Department’s deployment pattern is divided into self-constructed and publicly owned cloud patterns. There are differences in the charging patterns, target audiences and profit-making patterns, and so far, the company’s revenue from conference products and cloud office operations is largely self-constructed.
In a public cloud mode, users can meet the demand for videoconferencing either by using a mobile phone or a computer-installed client software, or by purchasing specialized videoconferencing terminal equipment such as professional cameras, commercial headphones, octopus, etc.
In the self-constructing model, users buy complete systems equipment, including software and hardware terminals, on a first-time basis, although initially expensive, without having to pay for services on a regular basis.
The high degree of overlap can take advantage of the channels that companies have accumulated on established lines of business, rapidly occupying the market, creating a role model effect and increasing corporate profitability. The fall in the Māori ratio of corporate cloud and conference end products in 2021 was due to the fact that companies used high value-for-money strategies to capture the market, and to the fact that some of the low Māori commodities were added to the product matrix.
However, the company’s Māori rate is currently low, compared to Koda in Suzhou, and will continue to increase in the future with the role modeling effect and the Māori rate along the structure of the software end-of-end income as an ageing booster. But the company’s final product pattern still needs to be taken into account in a competitive market environment.
Figure 25: Coda, Suzhou, compares Māori rates with corporate meetings and cloud products, and technology is at the heart of its system, both in the public cloud model and in the self-building model. Cloud-related products, mainly through software, achieve high value-added functions, making high Māori value added a future development goal for the videoconferencing market.
Over the years, R & D costs have continued to grow, guaranteeing a forward-looking technology and building product competitiveness. In recent years, the share of R & D investment by companies has continued to rise, with R & D investment of $365 million in 2021, an increase of 23.27 per cent over the same period, and a separate cloud office terminal line has been formally established in the year that accounts for operating income, ensuring overall acceleration from R & D, supply chains, marketing, etc.
The input of the product line further enhances the integrity of the corporate unified communication solution. So the company shapes itself as a complete corporate communication solution, creating a unified communication solution that covers a variety of scenarios, such as personal desktop communications, conference room communications, and telemobile communications.
In the future, companies will continue to increase their research and development inputs, refine the product matrix, introduce medium- and high-end machines, cover diverse applications, and continuously improve the competitiveness of their products.
2.3 China produces, sells globally, enjoys an exchange rate appreciation dividend, and has different working habits from abroad, which has led companies to focus more on expanding overseas markets in the early stages of their development. 4.6, 5.6, 880 million yuan (94, 94.8 and 95.6 per cent respectively) were collected abroad in 2014-2016;
Domestic production, foreign sales, and a company ' s Māori ratio are more relevant to the exchange rate. Companies use a light asset model to outsource the human-intensive production component to domestic foreign-cooperative processing plants. The company is responsible for product design, software development and product testing, procuring all raw materials on its own, and providing production process and production process documentation.
The production costs of the company are therefore made up mainly of surrogate fees and raw material costs, which account for approximately 85% of the cost and 15% of the cost. The main raw materials required for the production of the company’s products are chips, liquid crystals, etc.
Displays equipment, plastic casings, pcb boards, power sources, packages, and other components. The important parts of the product are mainly from overseas suppliers and the rest from domestic alternative manufacturers, so most of the company’s costs are paid for in human currency, and the company’s Māori rate is high, so in most cases the impact is far greater than the price of raw materials.
Figure 29: Estimates of production costs per company (2019) Figure 30: Trends in exchange rate fluctuations are largely consistent with trends in the company's Māori ratio
Since late April, the Fed has been expected to increase significantly, adding animf to the forecast for China’s economic growth, and rapidly adjusting the renminbi’s exchange rate. For external reasons, the Fed has accelerated its interest rate hikes.
The rise in the long-term rate of return on the US national debt is the main reason for the devaluation of the renminbi against the dollar. In domestic terms, a new round of domestic coronary outbreaks in 2022 was concentrated, causing disruptions in the functioning of China’s priority cities, striking a significant impact on the real economy’s growth rate and the growth of exports and imports, and causing serious setbacks in the confidence of market players.
6.8 The average exchange rate of the renminbi against the United States dollar since the change in the national exchange rate in August 2015 is within normal parameters. However, given that the Chinese Government has stepped up its countercyclical macroeconomic policies, the United States has re-emerged a broad-banded pattern within the context of negative economic growth pressures, and this high Chinese-American exchange rate will also pull companies together.
1) Desktop Communication Terminal: The Desktop Communication Terminal is the company’s first and first-developed business line, and now the world’s largest city is ranked first. Following the new crowning epidemic in 2020, teleworking and digitalization of businesses have turned into a trend, although some of the offline personal desktop space has been replaced by remote office space, the epidemic has accelerated a wide range of business users.
The demand for digital transformation, coupled with the increasing number of corporate communications deployed from privatization to publicization based on the public network, and the subdued market, has boosted the demand for desktop communication terminals by various types of enterprises, which has also created further growth opportunities. In the long run, we believe that the company’s terminal operations have not yet touched the market ceiling, but have increased at a faster rate.
2) Conference products: The development of conference products in 2015 is now the second largest line of business for the company. With the improvement of the global infrastructure and the development of communications technology, the videoconferencing industry has been transformed from privatization to publicization, while the overall market size has grown rapidly in recent years, as the epidemic has driven.
3) Cloud Office Terminal: The Cloud Office Terminal Business Line was established in 2020 as a new business line for the company.
The sustained expansion of product matrices and segmented markets in recent years will require companies to expand new products and new regional channels, as, in terms of efficiency, companies have long been investing significant R & D resources in this area and will expand their product categories over the next few years.