In the evening of March 23, 2025, China ' s petrochemicals published their annual report for 2024. In 2024, 100 million yuan, or 16.8 per cent less than in the same year; and in the same year, 48,057 million yuan were deducted from the net return to the mother.
The \triangleright high oil price shock was running, with oil prices rising and falling steadily in the first half of the year; in the second half, the global macroeconomic situation slowed down, and international oil prices slowed down in the second half of the year.
The average Brent oil price in 2024 was $79.86 per barrel, or $2.31 per barrel below the 2023 hub. The split was profitable, with the company exploring, refining, marketing, chemical panels $7.3 billion in 2024. Overall, the company’s performance contributed mainly to the upstream exploration development board.
The downstream plate, which is influenced by weak demand for finished oil and a narrow harvest of chemical products, has reduced operational efficiency, causing significant delays in company performance. Volume exploration and benefit development, ultra-deep shale gas in the Sichuan basin, shale oil in the Bay Basin, etc.
In terms of oil and gas production, in 2024, the company achieved oil and gas replacement rates of 144%.
The equivalent volume of 515.35 million barrels, an increase of 2.2 per cent over the same period, with crude oil production of 281.85 million barrels, an increase of 0.3 per cent over the same year, natural gas production of 233.50 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase over the same period.
In terms of efficiency, the company has made structural adjustments in exploration inputs based on control of the overall exploration investment, increasing its success.
High rate of unconventional oil and gas exploration, optimized cost expenditure, RMB 9.4 billion in 2024, 15.2 per cent lower than year-on-year cost, RMB 745.40 per ton cash operating cost, 1.3 per cent lower than year-on-year, further enhanced cost control by the company, and a year-on-year rate of maori on the upstream plate
25.2% of the same year +3.1pc, the release of the unit ' s profitable up-to-date gas production, which drives the firm ' s firm, Sindha Securities, Ltd., to a low level of consumption of the finished oils and the chemical landscape, and to refine the plates to the bottom of the profit center.
In 2024, the company processed 252.3 million tons of crude oil, corresponding to 2.0 per cent, from finished oil products.
Building b, 153.49 million tons, 1.6 per cent lower compared to the previous year, petrol and kerosene production + 2.6 per cent, 209 yuan/tonne, 1.6 per cent lower compared to the same year, but due to the difference in the seacoal fission price and the exchange rate
The difference has resulted in higher procurement costs for imported crude oil, with the company ' s refined oil amounting to RMB 304/t, equivalent to a reduction of RMB 49/t. The sales plate for finished oils, which in 2024 sold a total of 239 million tons of finished oil, is almost equal to the same figure, with a total of 183 million tons of finished oil sold in the country.
This represents a 2.8 per cent decrease in sales of petrol and diesel - 0.8 per cent and 4.9 per cent, respectively - on average - in terms of the price score The chemical panel landscape in 2024 is still at a grinding stage, the company continues to optimize its raw materials, installations, production structures, and the company achieves 13.47 million tons of ethylene, compared to -5.9 per cent of synthetic resin production throughout the year
Further expansion of chemical exports, with an appropriate increase in production of products related to synthetic rubber, synthetic fibre monomer and polymers, and an increase of 13.1 per cent in chemical exports over the same period, as a whole, companies have moved downwards, refined oils, sold, and made up of chemicals.
For the first time, the company developed a market value manager \triangleright system and a market value management system in 2024, with a focus on improving asset quality, operating efficiency and equity.
The value of the enterprise and the management of the market value as a long-term strategic management action. In shareholder returns (including taxes), the annual profit allocation ratio is 75% when combined with the amount of the buy-back.
Share development gains and enhance shareholder returns. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect companies to return their net profits in 2025-2027 to be high returns to their shareholders, and we maintain a firm’s “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: risk of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of a company's new productive capacity falling short of expectations; risk of unrepairable downstream demand; risk of substitution for the sale of new energy vehicles
Member of the Committee, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COIAP), and for over a decade, working on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey Planning and Development Research, Revision of Coal Industry Technology Policy and Enterprise-related Advisory Issues, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Honghwang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant director at the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Central and Specialized Carbon Research Committee of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc., and led research on medium and long-term projections of energy consumption.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Master of Financial Sciences, University of Southwest Finance and Economics. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.