A high percentage of the red continues, with high dividends of value \triangleright exploration and exploitation: natural gas production is increasing steadily and cost-side effective pressure is increasing profitability.
\triangleright feet, 4.7 per cent increase in the same year; crude oil prices at $74.5 per barrel, 2.7 per cent decline in the same year; natural gas prices at $7.20 per thousand cubic feet, 1.4 per cent increase in the same year; and oil and gas at cost
The operating cost of gold fell by 2.6 per cent to $14.7 per barrel over the same period, while the cost of purchasing imports of ng was reduced by $6.4 billion over the same year, taxes such as oil special gains and mining concessions were reduced by $6.1 billion over the same year, and exploration costs were reduced by $1.7 billion over the same period. The plate achieved operating gains of $56.39 billion over 24 years, an increase of 25.4 per cent over the same period.
Refining oil: Business profits have fallen as a result of weak demand for diesel fuel and a decline in the price of sea-coal fission. Public marketing and distribution: lower sales of diesel fuel and higher sales of natural gas. Corporate efforts to consolidate the market share of finished oils in 2024, full-scale transition development, marketing and distribution of gasoline/diesel/coal oil/gas sales
Wang Sanan's non-oil business has grown by 8.5% over the year, profit by $4.72 billion or 2.3% over the same period, mainly in the area of service extension and the scale of the charger business.
Research assistant, Lujaki Chemical: Industrial capacity continues to be released and the product is narrow. 2024, company ethylene/ synthetic resin/ \triangleright
1. China ' s petrochemical (600028.sh) tri-quarterly 2024
Q: 24q3 inventory returns and a decrease in fossilized Māori have led to higher operating costs and losses. 24 years of operating gains – $10.00 billion – a year-on-year gain. Q: 24h1 performance increases, with an increase in red commitments highlighted.
Investment proposals: the exploration business is highly profitable, and the marginal improvement of domestic demand drives the refining industry. Assessment: upstream production is growing steadily, downstream cost control continues to be strong, profitability repairs are maintained, and corporate valuations are expected to increase in the context of market value appraisals.
4. China ' s petrochemicals (600028.sh) 2023 year-on-year review: Deduction of non-profits increased on a year-on-year basis, China ' s steady profits + high-scoring red feature \triangleright
The report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.