We've got a steady growth of fine farming, and the effects of digital reform are coming to light, and we're looking at the company.
Food drinks, white wine ii, investment rating: better than big market (maintenance) Zhang Xiaowei
On March 2nd, 2025, the Cedars Hall held a conference on recognition and marketing under the theme “Technology for steady growth, change innovation for development”, which reviewed corporate development results in 2024 and recognized excellent distributor partners and front-line marketing.
In 2024, the company’s indicators grew robustly, digitally, with a phased effect, a core single bottle sheet, a change of mind, a focus on market nuance, and an intensification of distributors’ profit-making efforts through bottle-opening. We believe that the public works more effectively for consumers.
The Division maintained a long-term approach and, with the strategic determination of the organization and the ability of the channels to implement it, was able to generate profits from consumer-led channels and manage them digitally. In 2024, the company achieved steady growth around the theme of “Standing, aggressive, innovative and synergistic”, mainly as a result of: 1) the growth of 11/10 per cent in revenue/net profits in the first three quarters of the year in comparison with the previous year. The company's main indicators are expected to rise back to historical highs throughout the year 2024, exceeding the sales of its Chinese cellar brands.
20 billion yuan, and the name of the Xinzhou cellar is more than 10 billion yuan. 2) The intellectual dimension of the initial construction of the digital development architecture, “the grass root is the data, the management is the algorithm, the decision is the model, the i is the smart choice.” The number of core single bottle openers, the terminal opener, the membership opener is all up. 3) Development of the concept of “server, promoter, caregiver, the wealthy”, effective year-round terminal, entry terminal, strategic retail terminal growth, single.
4) The brand culture has been raised, and the cellar has been working with the Australian Network for eight years. 5) The production capacity has been increased, with the construction of high-quality solid-state pure grains 100,000 tons of white wine, 100,000 tons of gin and 380,000 tons of wine in storage, and the construction of the first smart packaging centre in the industry.
The company insists on optimism, long-termism, valueism, and always “rounding sales, supporting sales, enabling sales”, and in 2025 it will focus on marketing around six major shifts (up and down, channel thinking, consumer thinking, quantitative thinking, profit thinking, promotion of market thinking, value creation, open thinking, management thinking, habit thinking, young people’s thinking).
To maintain the advantages of the south-west and north-west granary markets, and to promote the sunk counties, villages and village markets for different types of goods. 2) To promote the intellectualization of fees, channels, and organization with a strong consumer focus. 3) To build a new integrated business relationship centred on profitability and efficiency, to continuously upgrade the level of profits of clients, to deepen the classification of authority, to strengthen the security of services, and to strengthen the synergy of resources in the three levels of public relations (headquarters, sales companies, sales units).
The impact of the digital reforms has gradually become apparent, on the one hand, that the advantages of corporate management endowments and marketing enforcement remain: the current competition in the white wine industry has moved from division to concentration, the liquor industry has moved into the intensive share-grabbing phase of its high growth in previous years, demanding higher organizational and channel strength; and the cellar has a high motivation and enforcement potential.
A strong sales team, good at nuanced networks, fine-farming terminals, and refined services, is a central asset for companies to capture consumers’ minds. On the other hand, the company’s strategic vision is long-term, and digital engineering has gradually shown itself to be effective: we believe that consumers are scarce resources in the transformation of the white wine industry, that companies are ahead of industry in digital reform, and that decision-making is based on a transition from a “single model” to a “single model” to a “single model” in order to actually sell and boost profit-making channels.
Short-term channels still require time to educate and adapt, but bottled data, terminal quantity & quality, and channel management efficiency have been gradually validated. Investment proposals: maintain a “better than the big market” rating; demand recovery in the white wine industry is less than expected; food safety issues; and policy risks.
" Cedars (000568.sz) - Persisting long-termism, digital engineering-driven management change " - 2024-07-02 author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.