Institutional innovation, farming breakthrough 0403/2025 Event: March 2, 2024-2025, "The Annual Conference on Recognition and Marketing of the Cedars of the Cedars"
The conference, which was held in the state of Chen, focused on the theme “New journeys, solid growth, reform of innovation for development” and planned a new strategy around six major transformations in the year of the 14th Five-Year Victory.
Development, the country's 1,573 brands are stable at 20 billion, and the old cellar brands are outnumbered by 10 billion, while several intellectually successful in opening a new situation — more than 40 million bottles per year for core singles, more than 700,000 terminals (1.16 million valid certified terminals, 52 per cent more) and consumers of open bottles.
More than 10 million times (the number of company members increased by 60 per cent to 37.68 million). After 2024 years of solid progress in the intellectual strategy, the company's accumulation in the area of scavenging bottles and member data assets is far from the forefront of the industry, with the core single scavenging rate reaching nearly 30 per cent, the consumption scene being built and the consumer landscape being built.
In the spring of 2025, the state cellar North and Sichuan main distribution areas were better off than the high-end liquor industry as a whole, reflecting, to some extent, the company’s business strategy in the area of wine blending and ac/bc connection.
▪ Six major thinking shifts in 2025 to guide action. In late 2024, at a meeting of core distributors, the company proposed six major thinking shifts to guide marketing teams and distributors in coping with market changes. 1 From rising market thinking to declining market thinking, the company will go deep into the regional market, west.
The North and South China base markets need to be networked and deep, and the Beijing/East China/Start markets need to create incremental models to strengthen the end-of-pipe layout of the country in terms of district and district. 2 From channel thinking to consumer thinking, anniversary theme, planning the annual branding event. 3 From quantitative thinking to profit thinking, to this company.
Demand that price maintenance be strengthened so that profit is secured through a guaranteed premium channel and client ratings are improved, and that “one-size-fits-all” flexible support is implemented.4 To allow for the management of the mind, the Department will continue to promote the intellectualization of consumers, channels and organizational levels, and strengthen headquarters and the grass-roots level.
5/6. From promotion: timely adjustment, follow-up.
Discovery-to-emotional value-to-creation thinking, from habit-to-juvenile thinking to youth-to-think-to-low product coverage, expansion of cross-border consumption scenes, and targeting of two generations of people who prefer to create innovative wines.
In 2024, the cellars began a series of operations called "Spring Ray-Autumn Harvest-Dwelling-Spring-Spring", all stages of planning, and the year of snakes is expected to improve significantly.
In 2025, as the company's “digital landing year”: in the area of channel management, channel quotas are required to be determined on the basis of open bottle determination, channel profit and cost allocation masters, based on scavenging credits, and to further develop sound data analysis models to better achieve the wind.
Risk identification and marketing guidelines.2 In market planning, there is a need to strengthen the sink market examination and, with the help of data analysis, to break down the district market into “three series of four paragraphs”, with better targeting of target requirements and resource investment plans based on the different stages of development in the regional market.
Building on the 124 project, the core consumer, the core terminal expansion, is better advanced. The three major financial forecasting tables in the Penang County Sanctuary have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) to qualify for portfolio investment advisory services.