Gold and copper prices are strong, and q2 is back to record highs, and middle gold is reported in mid-2024.
Incident: The company published its semi-annual report in 2024, which enabled it to earn 28.532 billion tons of operating revenue, 19.04 tons of smelting gold, 4.17 million tons of mining copper, 1803 million tons of electrolytic copper, which changed from 4.22 tons of mineral gold to 8.69 tons of mining copper and 833 million tons of electrolytic copper, respectively.
Greater release of company performance, but higher sales of gold and copper prices have led to further growth in the public sector ' s 2024q2 performance ring and the creation of the best industry in the first quarter of the company ' s history since it was listed.
In a step-by-step process, the four silos of the Saaring gold mine of Lei State Mining Investment Company Ltd. have been laid down, construction is under way to complete the installation and upgrading of the permanent well racks of the main deputy wells, the overall work is 40% complete, and the project is expected to be operational in 2025, which will be the main increase in the company ' s future mineral gold. In addition, the company ' s inter-Mongolia mining industry is in progress.
In the area of resource exploration, the company has taken the initiative to integrate itself into a new round of mining breakthroughs.
During the reporting period, the company invested $107 million in geological exploration, bringing in 12.70 tons of new gold and metals; the expansion of resources extended 10 mining rights; and the consolidation of 1 mining right, thus laying the resource base for the company’s subsequent development.
[Galactic colour] company review report _ Middle gold: Gold and copper rises, performance releases, group assets injected into the growth of the company pe 17.32/16.13/14.29 times. Company as the only gold mine company in the country listed, no.
The risk of a significant drop in the cost of work; the risk of less than expected sales of company mineral gold and copper from mines; and the risk of less than anticipated progress in the company’s new construction projects. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.