\triangleright \triangleright electrolytic copper sales of 16,61 million tons, a 17.14 per cent decrease over the same period; price: gold: according to the World Gold Association,
The price of gold rose by 12 per cent in the first half of the year, the price of gold collected by the country as at the end of June was $549.88/g, the influence of Qiuzu, the soft landing of the economy, interest rate cuts from the Federal Reserve and tight copper mineral resources, and the price of copper continued to rise, reaching the end of May.
In June, copper prices fell to $78370. Lean: 2024h1 achieved a gross one-quarter evaluation in 024: price rises led to performance release, loss of contract performance costs and loss of value.
At the end of 2023, the company retained the amount of gold and metal.
891.7 tons of copper and metals, 21,622,000 tons of molybdenum and 450,000 tons of molybdenum.
In the first half of 2024, the company had invested $274 million in construction projects. The project to expand the pre-Anguar's copper mine was still under construction; and the project to expand the mine was still under way.
The first phase of the deep mining resource extraction project has been completed, and the Santung Saaring gold mine has accelerated the construction of the project, which is worth looking forward to 2023/05/08.
Set, four of them are down, the go-back well is under construction and the sub-well is being permanently equipped.
One of the country’s 10 largest gold mines, which according to the report, is expected to be completed by June 2025, is expected to lead to a significant increase in public revenues. Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies are pushing ahead with the Resource Lifeline strategy, and the Saaring gold mine will be put into the post-partum phase.
It is expected that there will be a significant increase in the company's gold production capacity, and that the company's performance will be expected to benefit fully from the profitability generated by the higher gold prices \triangleright methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.