q2 performances have increased on a year-on-year basis, with the expectation that the Saaring gold mine will contribute to the growth of the energy.
q1 q2 net parent profit after offsetting non-recurring gains and losses in 2024 fell slightly in mineral gold production, with new forward projects releasing growth of 19.04 tons, compared to 7.14 per cent; and 4.17 million tons of copper from mines, compared to the same amount
Copper production from mines was 1.87 and 2.3 million tons, respectively, of which q2 production was the same as in 2, China Gold (600489), and China Company’s priority projects were steadily moving forward.
The development of the ridge gold mining project is proceeding in an orderly manner; phase one of the deep resource extraction project of the Chinese Gold Group’s Mongolian mining company Limited has been put into operation; and the expansion of the long-copper iron ore mine project is under way in the middle of the road and in the mining works.
Of this amount, 372 tons of sarling gold deposits are currently under construction and expected to be operational by the end of 2025. Upward space, the company’s new Saaring gold mining project is under way, bringing in its own production in the long run.
The increase in the volume of gold and minerals has maintained the “buy-in” investment rating. 1) The price of gold has fallen sharply; 2) the company's own-source gold and minerals have fallen; 3) the construction of new projects has not progressed as expected; 4) the safety and environmental impact on gold mining, etc.
The new material group introduced the Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, in charge of colorful research.
I've been working in the Gang Copper Group for three years in non-ferrous metal futures studies, before: carbon neutral members, Master of Finance, Bachelor of Arts, University of Dalian Technology, 2024, and I joined the Chinese research team to reflect my research views. I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
The Hong Kong market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.