Roe has been upped by the same year, excellent fundamentals have supported the valuation premium, a good performance in the first quarter of the principal business, sustained improvements in asset quality, and an increase in the Roe over the same period last year. The recruitment as a domestic retail anchor bank, retail customers have a solid base, and we believe that corporate wealth is good.
roe ups and downs,
Up to 19.54%. 1 quarter performance is reduced in the context of improved interest differentials, a rapid increase in fee revenue and improved quality of capital. Company revenue increased by 10.6% on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter, net interest income and net fees increased by 8.23%, 23.3%, respectively, compared to 2020.
Increases of 1.3, 12.1 percentage points. As a result of agency, settlement and hosting operations, the first quarter of the company ' s provision was less robust than in 2020 and the size of the impairment loss was higher than in the other quarter of the year.
(1) Improved structure of corporate deposits, increased percentage of demand deposits: 65.13 per cent of deposit balances (bank calibre) and 4.27 percentage points higher than for the previous year as a whole; (2) increase in asset-end loans: faster pace of lending by the company in the first quarter, loan lending
An increase of 5.86 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, faster than total assets (3.63 per cent, qoq), with a positive impact on asset end rate of return due to higher yield ratios in the asset end structure.
The target for the quality of assets for the first quarter continued the trend of improvement, ranging from 5 bp to 1.02 per cent below the end of the first quarter; bank-calibre loans of concern decreased by 6 bp to 0.73 per cent.
Between 1.2 percentage points and 439 per cent, the absolute level of coverage of the provision is still at the forefront of the industry, safeguarding it.
The Bank of Merchants publishes the 1st Quarterly 2021 and the net return profit in the first quarter of 2021 is +15.18 per cent (vs 2020, +4.82 per cent).
Income +10.64 per cent (vs 2020, +7.70 per cent), net interest difference of 2.52 per cent (vs 2020, 2.49 per cent), interest net income of +8.23 per cent, net profit growth of 1 quarter by 15.2 per cent, an increase of 10.4 percentage points compared to 2020 (+4.82 per cent) and annual increase of 78bp to 19.54 per cent compared to 1 quarter. In a context of robust scale growth, the company ' s performance for the first quarter improved to the margins of interest by a good major, with a fee charged.
In the context of the fast growth in revenue and the weakening of the provision against asset quality, the company increased its revenue by 10.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter, net revenue from interest and net revenue from fees increased by 8.23 per cent, 23.3 per cent and 1.3 per cent and 12.1 per cent, respectively, compared to 2020. The growth in the company ' s revenue from fees in the first quarter was expected to be 14.6 per cent in the case of agency, closing and hosting operations.
Quarterly wealth management business income growth has been somewhat delayed, and it is expected that the performance of treasury operations will improve as the finance business continues. The company’s 1-quarter contribution is weaker than in 2020, the size of the impairment loss on its assets is 0.9 per cent more than in the same year (vs 6.3 per cent, high net-value customer base is maintained, and the advantage of wealth management is expected to continue.
In terms of retail sales performance, the number of retail customers at the end of the first quarter grew by 1.9 to 161 million compared to the end of the previous year, of which 6.85 to 3.31 million were registered with sunflowers and above, and 6.91 to nearly 107,000 with private customers. Compared to the basic retail stock, the faster growth of the high net-value group of customers demonstrates the professionalism and customer service capacity of the recruit in retail business at the end of the first quarter.
Clients aum grew by 7.3 to 959 trillion from the end of the previous year; total private clients ' assets grew by 7.55 to 2.98 trillion yuan from the end of the previous year, with an increase in total household assets by $16.47 million to $27.92 million from the end of the previous year. Looking ahead, we believe that the domestic wealth management market is large, corporate wealth management business is well established in the market, with a solid customer base, diversified access to customers, timely services, and rich services.
With product lines and forward-looking risk management features, corporate wealth management advantages will continue to be highlighted, and contributions to revenue will continue to increase. The interest gap ring will be wide, with demand deposits rising, with a rate difference of 2.52% for the first quarter, an increase of 11bp for the other quarter, and a decrease of 4bp for the other quarter.
:: Optimizing the structure of corporate deposits and increasing the ratio of demand deposits: in the case of relatively stable deposit ratios (74.2 per cent at the end of the quarter, almost the same as at the end of the previous year), 65.13 per cent of the average daily balance of deposits (bank-calibre) and 4.27 percentage points higher than the previous year's average of 4.27 percentage points, we believe that the ratio of demand deposits to the company is consistent with its strategy of saving growth, increasing client outreach,
As a result of deposits in the dynamic settlement category, optimization of the deposit structure is expected to drive down the deposit cost ratio; (2) asset-end lending ratio increases: the Division ' s first quarter loan delivery has accelerated, with loans increasing by 5.86 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, faster than total assets (3.63 per cent, qoq), and the higher yield asset-to-end ratio in the asset-end structure has had a positive impact on asset end-end returns.
55.4 per cent compared to 0.5 percentage points lower at the end of the previous year (55.9 per cent) or related to the company's modest control over the growth of mortgage loans. Improved asset quality indicators continued, with a slower rate of adverse production than in 2020. Quarterly asset quality indicators continued to improve, with negative loan rates ranging from 5 bp to 1.02 per cent below the end of the quarter; bank-calibre concerns
Among them, the banks’ retail/public loan failure rates ranged from 6bp, 5bp points, to 439% below, respectively, and the absolute level of coverage remained at the forefront of the industry, safeguarding its resilience to risk.
Label Bank, a solid retail customer base and a fast increase in high-value clients during the first quarter, we believe that the advantages of corporate wealth management will continue to be highlighted, and that the contribution to revenue will continue to increase. We maintain our 2021/202, ps of $4.42/5.00 per share forecast, corresponding to the increase in net profits.
Monitoring economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation or concessionary policy supermarkets are expected, or will affect the bank’s profitability performance.