Quarterly report 2021: Increase in the share of non-interest income and improvement in the margin of interest
The net interest income of the company decreased by 0.03 percentage points, the ring increased by 0.09 percentage points, the interest differentials resulting from the cumulative effect of the repeated downwards of the lpr were reversed in the first quarter, and the interest-rate-ring increases benefited mainly from the optimization and return of the current deposit structure.
Higher asset ratios. Cost revenue ratio of 26.75 per cent, an increase of 0.84 percentage points in the same year; credit impairment losses, an increase of 0.78 percentage points in the same year, with a positive increase in profitability.
The share of retail current deposits declined slightly, from 38 per cent to 62 per cent, but the average daily deposit balance represented 65.13 per cent of current deposits, an increase of 4.27 percentage points over the 2020 ratio, and continued optimization of the debt-end deposit structure. $7.169 billion, poor corporate lending was mainly due to the deterioration of individual company operations and the impact of the epidemic, and credit cards were not available.
By the end of q1, corporate retail customers numbered 161 million households, ring + 1.9%, retail aum 9.6 trillion, ring + 7.30%; and gold sunflowers and
Aum and above account for about the same amount of retail customers aum; 10,69 million private customers, ring + 6.91 per cent, private sector aum + 7.55 per cent, private household asset ring increases, companies move forward with large-scale wealth management investment points, facilitating retail customer operations and aum through high-quality, off-line, integrated services
Chu has sustained robust and high-quality growth. Keeping up the “uptake” rating. Corporate 21q1 income at no interest rate has risen, and wealth management value circulation chain is working hard.
We expect 2021-Li Yunyu to be eligible for securities investment consultancy approved by the CVM.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants to provide securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, prediction or advice on the investment of securities, and to charge direct or indirect fees for services.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.