Merchant Bank (600036): 1-quarter review in 2021: good quality of assets, higher cost of liabilities! Events: Merchant Bank operating revenue of $8.475 billion in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 10.64 per cent.
The net profit of 32.15 billion yuan, an increase of 15.18 per cent over the same period, is equivalent to $1.27 dollars for the research assistant Tau Chul Air, whose quarterly profit growth and performance indicators are better than we expected and also exceed market expectations.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: A banker ' s income rises at a higher rate than expected in the first quarter, benefiting from net interest differentials Strength, with the core highlight of the continued low cost of the liability and a reversal of the asset end rate of return. At the same time, asset quality has also improved, and the rate of undergeneration has fallen to an excellent level of less than 1 per cent, which is not good.
The rate has also fallen further, from 5bp to 1.02 per cent, resulting in an improvement in credit impairments and the promotion of net return profits and value creation in large wealth management operations over the long term, and we will recommend that commercial banks be considered the best financial unit to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
▪ Assets & Liabilities: Three types of loans: public + micro + consumption, which drive the expansion of the size of the asset, reflect the need for the asset end of the enterprise, the total assets of the commercial banks increased by 3.63 per cent during the first quarter of the period, mainly by 5.64 per cent in loans, and reflected a strong credit demand, while investment assets grew by only 2.28 per cent, and peer assets contracted.
In terms of the structure of loans, the main point of growth is public, micro, and consumer loans. According to the Bank, loans to public enterprises grew by 7.39%, at a rate higher than the 4.16% of retail loans, mainly because of the increase in mortgages in retail loans for heavy-duty housing, which grew by only 2.32%, mainly due to limitations on the amount of mortgages, and the market.
Considering the previous excess of mortgages, we reasonably expect future mortgage loans to remain low and save on a credit scale. In other retail loans, small insignia and consumer loans grew by 12.76% and 11.08%, respectively, and were the fastest growing product, in line with me.
These two types of loans were previously expected to be the core growth point for retail credit under restricted mortgages. Credit cards grew by only a small 0.93 per cent, continuing the development orientation of overall customer quality optimization and credit risk control, and we expect credit card operations to remain well structured in the short term.
In the structure of deposits, retail customers keep an annual assessment of their performance through the cycle, which helps to maintain and sustain the advantage of low-cost deposits.
Introduction of Morgan’s assets and increase of Taiwan State silver’s net interest margin: this compares favourably with 4bp below expectations, mainly because the cost of the liabilities is lower than expected. Since the hiring bank has long been a partner, credit card amortization proceeds are included in interest income.
And any financial calculus adjustment. A quarterly net difference of 4 bp to 2.52% below the same rate, compared to the three-quarters of the year 2020: the net difference and the poor return to 11 bp, but mainly due to the fact that in the last two years, banks have been operating a large amount of credit in the fourth quarter, as usual.
Table, resulting in a very low interest margin for the fourth quarter, which limits the reference value of the single-quarter ring data. Mid-year report: hidden bright spots in the medium-term: split net interest differentials, which can be inferred from the disclosure of data, yielding only 4.02 per cent of interest-bearing assets in the first quarter.
New loans focus on relatively low-pricing corporate, micro, etc.. The interest-bearing asset rate of return allows the net difference to remain resilient because the cost of the liability also falls significantly, with a quarter of 15 bp to 1.58% down from the year 2020 and a ring of 8 bp down from the quarter.
The strict regulatory environment in which this deposit is held has played a significant role in reducing the cost of the deposit. The performance of the client banks’ liabilities confirms our judgement in the previous period that this year, for banks with significant deposit advantages, the liabilities end performance will be even better, for example, in the case of merchant banks, countries, where the share of inter-occupational liabilities in such banks is very low, and therefore the impact of higher interest rates on the cost of the liability will be weak.
The high percentage of deposits will continue to benefit from strict regulatory control over high-cost deposits. • Quality of assets: Re-achieving excellence! The dynamic and new generation rate has fallen to excellent levels, with a further negative rate of 5bp.
Further down by 5bp to 1.02 per cent, with a “double drop” in the focus category of loans: $11.566 billion in new non-performing loans generated during the quarter (of the Bank), corresponding to a negative rate of 0.95 per cent, a significant decline from 1.26 per cent in the whole year 2020, and we believe that a new negative rate of less than 1 per cent has shown a return to positive asset quality dynamics.
Different levels. Newly generated negative amounts in the single quarter are also significantly lower than last year’s 2nd to 4th quarter, or slightly less than the amount of 2019 q1. The provision is maintained at a high level of 438.88% as a result of a reduction in the generation of adverse pressures while maintaining poor disposal of stocks (one quarter, $11.52 billion in non-performing loans).
By type, the quality of retail loan assets has improved, and the credit risk of corporate loans has been shown to be small but largely manageable. According to parent-gate data, i) the poor rate of corporate lending has been 1.64%, compared to 5bp at the end of 2020, and the risk is evident when it comes to measuring the rate of unsound new annuality.ii) The negative rate of retail loans has fallen further by 6bp to 0.76%, and the negative rate of 1.21% has been measured.
Considering that companies have continuously controlled credit card risks, preferences, and optimized customer structure, we still judge that credit card failures will continue to improve. Non-interest income: high fee revenue growth of 23.30% is higher than expected, and wealth management operations such as significant proceeds from fund sales continue to grow.
As a result of the boom in equity markets in the early part of the quarter and the blow-out of market-wide fund sales, non-interest income showed a sharp increase of 14.20 per cent over the same period, with a 23.30 per cent increase in fees and charges, which benefited from a significant increase in income from wealth management. Data from parent-gates show that in wealth management operations, the proceeds from the fund amounted to $4,164 million, a significant increase of 61 per cent over 2020q1.
It is the fastest-growing business, with surrogate trust revenues growing by 31% over the same period, and high net-value clients continuing to work. It also reflects the high growth of wealth management operations in terms of the size of asset management.
The average asset size of households has risen further to $596,000, and the Fund’s revenue is judged to be a core contribution. On a stratification basis, the aum of sunflowers and above has grown by 7.28 to 7.88 trillion dollars, contributing 82% of the retail customers aum. We emphasize that wealth management is the most productive and valuable business block in the future for merchant banks.
A heavy-pound strategic investor, Morgan’s assets, will in the future help commercial banks to learn from experience in financial science and technology, investment research, and risk management, and move toward the retail bank’s 3.0 business model in the direction of large wealth management.  Expenditure: higher-cost revenue drags up the ppp growth rate, and credit impairment increases net profits only marginally.
According to the previous annual report, the main reasons for the cost increase were the deepening of the financial science and technology transition, the increased investment of digital infrastructure and research and development personnel, and the expansion of customer operations and value-added areas, and the digital networking of hardware and software.
The credit impairment is the main driver of the net profit growth rate of 15.18 per cent, with a credit impairment of $20,545 million per quarter, the highest in four quarters, followed by a fall in three quarters. We judge that, along with the gradual improvement in the quality of assets, this year's letter
The overall level of impairment will be improved, pushing net profits up faster than the rate at ppop.
The stock and the new generation rate (yearly) are comparable banks and, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, the stock investment committee is in place.