Performance is in line with market expectations; look at the future of the major aircraft
890 million yuan and yoy + 16.4% of the performance is in line with market expectations, with the company having completed 64% of its business plan (45.1 billion yuan) for the first three quarters of the year. Our overall assessment is as follows: q3 net profit for mothers increased by 20% on a year-on-year basis; there was an increase in profitability.
1q24-3q24 achieved revenue of $8.46 billion (yoy+6.5%), $11.87 billion (yoy+2.3%), a double-digit growth of the same number and a seasonal upswing.
\triangleright \triangleright
In the first three quarters of the year, the cost of the company increased by 0.85 ppt to 3.9 per cent over the same period, of which: 1) the cost of the sale was equal to the income from the transfer of part of the advance receipt for the current period.
1. Mid 2024 China Air West (000768.sz) reported a 16 per cent increase in net return profit compared to year; civilian air operations or acceleration \triangleright
Development of 2024/08/27 aviation industry priority projects contracted for core components such as airframe structure, composite materials, on-board systems, evaluation: 25 per cent increase in non-net profit deductions; contribution of large aircraft industry
The country’s major aircraft industry has now entered a new phase of industrialization, scalation, development of new dynamics in 2024/04/30, and the country’s three major fleets, the East, the State and the South, have received c919 and have started normal commercial operations.
3. China Air West (000768.sz) 2023 year-on-year review: 28 per cent increase in revenue for civil q4 as the company ' s largest structure supplier of c919, arj21, new boat series, ag600, etc.; 24 years of associated purchases are projected
The investment proposal: the company is the leader in the development of the country’s scarce, large aircraft, and continues to push for reform and efficiency gains.
Work. The company is expected to maintain a better development in the future, benefiting from industrial developments such as special aircraft, large national aircraft, with 21 per cent increase in non-net profits compared to the year in progress; the receivable is higher than at the beginning of the year \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.