Cost reduction performance stabilized and asset structure optimized on a continuous basis Events: 23 October 2024, 3rd Quarterly Report on Medium Coal Energy, 3rd Quarter 2024 Medium Coal Energy (601898.sh)
The company achieved business income of $14.412 billion, a 10.11 per cent decline in the same year, a 0.34 per cent decline in the net return to the mother, $4.826 billion in the single quarter, a 0.55 per cent decrease in the same year, a steady increase in sales to coal owners, better cost controls and a certain degree of exposure to commodity coal prices.
The impact of the decline. In the first three quarters of 2024, companies sold 10.38 million tons of coal, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same period. In the first three quarters of 2024, coal sales for trade out of 1,01.14 million tons, a decrease of 7.6 per cent over the same period. Commodity coal prices continued to decline in the first three quarters of the previous year, with powered coal sales in the first three quarters.
503 yuan per ton, a 5.5 per cent decrease in the same year; coal refined sales price 1306 yuan per ton, a 4.3 per cent decrease in the same year
The increase in remuneration measures resulted in a 17.7 per cent increase in the same cost of coal labour, while production replacement resources obtained in the fourth quarter of 2023 increased the production reserve amortization base accordingly, resulting in depreciation of tons of coal and a 11.0 per cent decrease in amortization costs on a year-on-year basis, and the sale of self-produced commodities for rail transport and port miscellaneous costs
The decline in the share of total coal sales of the company ' s own-owned goods has resulted in a 7.6 per cent reduction in the cost of ton coal transport and port handling costs, which has reduced the overall cost of selling coal per unit. The company ' s revenue from coal operations in the previous three quarters was $117,854 million, mainly due to low commodity prices.
Corporate sales costs are better controlled, with significant cost reductions. In the first three quarters of 2024, company sales of polyolefins were 11.35 million tons, an increase of 2.7%, and urea 15.10 million.
Tons, 11.4 per cent less than year-on-year sales of 1,206 tons of methanol, 17.7 per cent lower than year-on-year sales; ammonium nitrate, 42.2 million tons more than year-on-year, 1.7 per cent less than year-on-year sales of polyolefins, urea, methanol and ammonium ammonium, 0.9 per cent less than year-on-year sales costs, 4.0 per cent less, 3.7 per cent less and 20.4 per cent less, respectively.
The company is more stable in the coal industry., Ltd.
Non-current liabilities due within one year of the first three quarters of Beijing's west-city district, the Golden House No. 127 West Avenue, were $13.79 billion, compared to the same period last year. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: looking back at the coal market in the last three quarters, we think the price of powered coal has been adjusted.
\triangleright is the normal phenomenon of a light season switch, and we believe that the demand for coal in the fourth quarter is still strong for the price of the Association, and that market prices are not subject to unilateral downside conditions.
Consistency features and endogenous growth dynamics are expected to lead to robust performance expectations, accompanied by an orderly release of coal production, and firm performance is expected to increase steadily and will be expected to rise in the future with plate valuations; we expect companies to achieve net return profits separately in 2024-2026.
Risk factors: uncertainties in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainties in the policies of the \triangleright coal, electricity-related industries; accidents of safe production in coal mines, etc.
Mr. Zhog Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals, Member of the China Bank of Experts of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), research consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years and chaired the “13th Five”
National coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, 100 topics, June 2016, joined with the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it has been responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunjing, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Heunging Securities Economics and Finance Institute.
He has worked for many years in coal production, technology management, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, XinXinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research. Lee Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany. In September 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong University of Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal industry. Part of this study is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.