Three-quarter performances in line with expectations, resulting in a robust and efficient release of profits, three-quarter assessment report for 2024 for medium coal energy (601898.sh) Three-quarter report for 2024: first three quarters, companies realized business income
Investment rating: Increase (maintain) > Increase (maintain) in three quarters of the company ' s coal sales on a year-on-year basis, effective cost control and mitigation of the impact of falling coal prices on performance. Coal sales volume, companies up to the third quarter of 2024
billion tons, an increase of 5.17 per cent in the same year; cumulative coal sales of 206 million tons, a decrease of 4.3 per cent in the same year, and single-quarter sales of 72 million yuan, an increase of 5.61 per cent in the same year. Coal prices, on the other hand, cost of home-grown coal sales, 571 yuan/tons, a decrease of 32 yuan/tons, a decrease of 5.3 per cent in the same year.
25 October 2024 A 17.7 per cent increase in labour costs resulting from the increase in the level of remuneration of the Division ' s own workforce and production front-line workforce, but a corresponding increase in the production reserve base as a result of the succession of production resources
This has resulted in a reduction of 11 per cent in the depreciation and amortization costs of tons of coal and a reduction in the sales of home-grown goods for rail transport and port handling as a proportion of the total sale of coal for company-owned goods, resulting in a decrease of 7.6 per cent in the cost of shipping tons and port-related costs and a reduction in the total cost of company-owned coal production.
Coal-chemical products are priced down, overall cost controls stabilized, integrated and developed together. 11,35,000 tonnes of polyolefin sold, 2.7% more than year-on-year, $6,971 ton sold,
The sales of urea increased by 0.8 per cent over the same period; sales of urea increased by 1.51 million tons at a sales price of $2134/t, with an average price of $1767/t, an increase of 0.9 per cent over the same period; sales of ammonium ammonium increased by 42.2 million over the same period, with an increase of 1.7 per cent, and sales prices of $2101/t, a decrease of 11.9 per cent over the same period.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: CICA has a relatively high proportion, a robust business, with China Coal Energy Insight Report: The Golden Coal Consort with Productivity and Asset Value Proficiency 2023.11.20
As a comparable company, the value of Sino-Coal International is lower than the average value of the comparable company, maintaining the company's “uptake” rating. \triangleright
\triangleright Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation
Please read the text carefully and have the exemption clause for this report. Without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. The paper clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Lew, to the extent that you know it, you have no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended, in your company, in yourself, and in your property.