\triangleright Lithium carbonate: The cost advantage remains significant when the year-round production and distribution target is largely completed. 1) Volume: the company currently has carbon \triangleright
Policy implications of the slope, rapid decline in lithium prices in 2024, average electricity carbon prices (including taxes) of 90 million yuan per ton, compared to trangleright, \triangleright
In real terms, 496,000, 4.67 million tons, or +0.7 per cent and 16.6 per cent, were sold throughout the year, thanks to the fact that the situation of political events was under control, supplies were in the phase-out phase, prices were gradually restored and domestic prices were stable.
The average market price for potassium fertilizer is $2517 per ton, corresponding to 14.8%, the company ' s market price for potassium chloride is not taxed at $2507 per ton, 1. Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) are reported in the tri-quarters of 2024.
\triangleright China Salt Lake will implement a three-step strategy, with 10 million tonnes per year of potassium fertilizer and 200,000 tonnes per year by 2030. 2. Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) will be reported in 2023:
The fall in prices + the rise in costs is delaying performance, and the company will be actively integrated into the strategy by expanding the capacity to produce the LSD/year lithium salt, more than 30,000 tons/year magnesium and magnesium-based materials. 1) Lithium salt projects are under construction. And the company will always take lithium, relying on mature technology and high-quality salt lake resources.
Assessment: The decline in the price of potassium lithium has led to a loss of performance, and the q2 lithium salt has a strong advantage on the left side of the industry. In the context of the clean production of lithium and the sharp drop in the price of lithium, the cost advantage of lithium from salt lakes + the ability to expand the core competitiveness of salt lakes. 2) Potassium fertilizer: the demand for potassium fertilizer in our country.
4. Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz) 2022 Annual Review: Global number one, but relative scarcity of potassium resources and limited capacity to produce autonomously, China ' s potassium fertility in 2024 was the best annual performance in global history, waiting for Salt Lake Dragon Head Release -
With 10% of total capacity, potassium chloride imports are 67% dependent. The company currently produces 5 million tons of potassium chloride, ranking first in the country. In a context of growing food security, potassium fertilizer is expected to continue to contribute to steady performance.
The advantages of lithium cost are highlighted by the accelerated expansion of the company ' s lithium salt production, the solid base of potassium fertilizer operations, and the projected decline in the price of 1 potassium lithium, which is delaying performance throughout the year.
Business analysis: Potassium prices have fallen and sales of potassium chloride have fallen below expectations
Lithium carbonate: The cost advantage is still significant when the target is largely met throughout the year. 1) Volume: The company currently produces 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate, of which 40, 416 tons were sold in 2024, 24 q4 tons, compared to 1550 tons in 2024; 3) Price: Policy effects due to excess supply and demand patterns in the industrial chain and subsidy slopes maintained and subsidized
The price of lithium fell rapidly in 2024, the average price of electricity (including taxes) was 90 million yuan/tonne, the same ratio - 64.4 per cent, and the cost of work and carbon was 56.3 per cent;) Ben: the cost of lithium carbonate per ton in 2024 was about 36,000 yuan, the cost of which was about -010,000 yuan, and the cost advantage remained.
The average market price was $2517 per ton, corresponding to 14.8 per cent, and the company ' s sales price of potassium chloride, free of taxes, was 2507 yuan per ton, corresponding to 4.0 per cent;) Ben: the cost of potassium chloride per ton in 2024 was approximately $1170 per ton, corresponding to +173.
Figure 16: The cost of potassium chloride per ton increased to $1170 in 2024
Active integration into China’s Salt Lake three-step strategy. China’s controlling shareholder, Salt Lake, will implement a three-step strategy, of which 10 million tonnes/year of potassium fertilizer, 200,000 tonnes/year of lithium salt, more than 30,000 tonnes/year of magnesium and magnesium-based materials will be produced by 2030, and companies will actively integrate into the strategy.
In the construction of the expansion project of 40,000 tons, the cost advantage of the salt lake tap is significant. With the advantage of resources, the 40,000 tons of lithium salt expansion project is under construction. The company is now producing the raw material for potassium fertilizer and potassium salt from the Green Khair Khan Salt Lake, which is rich in a variety of mineral elements, with potassium chloride, magnesium chloride, lithium chloride and lithium chloride.
Sodium hydride, among other things, is the country’s highest reserves and plays an important role in the global salt lakes. The company is based on the rich reserves of lithium resources in the salt lake of Itochar Khan, the ongoing tagging of lithium from salt lakes, the company’s current capacity of 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate, the planned production of 43,000 tons of lithium carbonate in 2025, the completion of the new 40,000 tons of basic lithium salt project, and the company’s completion of the production of the company’s new 40,000 tons of basic lithium salt.
Breaking the technical barriers to lithium lifting, the technological advantage is guaranteed at a lower cost. The company optimizes the trade route for the 40,000-ton lithium salt project, adds an old halo-pre-processing process, and effectively improves resource efficiency; and, at the same time, streamlines unnecessary processes.
The company has now developed a set of demonstration devices for industrialization that combine lithium amalgamation, membrane separation enrichment techniques, breaking the technology of extracting lithium salt from super-high lithium to low lithium halogen, relying on mature technology and high-quality salt lake resources, and keeping the cost of lithium on the left side of the industry.
The company currently produces 5 million tons of potassium chloride, ranks first in the country, and assumes the country's responsibility for food security. As a major agricultural country, the demand for potassium fertilizer is global.
First, the relative scarcity of our potassium resources and the limited capacity for autonomous production, China’s capacity for potassium fertilizer in 2024 was only 10% of the world’s total capacity. In 2024, China’s total imports of potassium chloride amounted to 1,263 million tons, an increase of 9% compared to the previous year.
The Division continues to contribute to a steady performance: the lithium industry maintains excess supply and demand, the industry is able to clear the bottom zone of lithium prices, the cost advantage of salt lakes and 12 times the cost advantage of lithium, and maintains a “recommended” rating.
Lithium prices are higher than expected. The lithium industry continues to maintain a pattern of excess supply and demand, with the expected release of the company’s lithium salt business if the industry’s supply increases significantly faster than the demand increases, resulting in a higher than expected decline in lithium prices. 2) Potassium fertilizer supply is higher than expected. The company’s potassium fertilizer business contributes to major performances, if international potassium fertilizer supplies are higher than expected.
The resulting fall in the price of potassium fertilizer will affect the contribution of potassium fertilizer to the performance of the business. 3) The expansion project is not as fast as expected. In the construction of the company’s 40,000-ton project, if the project is behind schedule, it will release the company’s lithium salt plate performance.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.