Non-financial first cover report for basic chemicals, agrochemical products, Salt Lake shares (000792.sz)
Litium potassium double-wheel drive, building a world-class salt lake industry base Investment rating: Purchase (first time) Company profile: Lithium tap from potassium fertilizer and salt lake, two-wheel-drive profit. Company based on the resources of Seathar Khan Salt Lake.
And 3.1 billion yuan, representing 77 per cent and 20 per cent of the total, Māori $6.2 and 1.6 billion, representing 80 per cent and 20 per cent of the total, and Zhang Myung-seok, the main mining owner, building a world-class salt lake industry base. The year 2025 was the opening of the company ' s integration into China ' s five mining system and Salt Lake China ' s salt lake.
During the year, the integration was optimized with the emergence of a world-class salt lake industry; 10 million tonnes per year of potassium fertilizer, 200,000 tonnes per year of lithium salt, more than 30,000 tonnes per year of magnesium and magnesium-based materials by 2030; and the initial construction of salt lakes as their core by 2035
The whole life cycle industry of lithium electricity, the green hydrogen energy recycling industry, the high-end magnesium-based materials industry, and the new energy storage industry have become the largest and world-class salt lake industry cluster in China. Potassium: domestic potassium taps, stable production and sales, with profits expected to benefit from a steady recovery in potassium fertilizer prices.
In Canada, Russia, and Belarus, potassium fertilizer producers are highly concentrated, accounting for more than 70% of the total. The limited capacity for autonomous production has led to China's permanent dependence on the import of potassium fertilizer, which is more than 50% dependent on imports. Salt Lake shares are home-grown potassium fertilizer taps, with a capacity of 5 million tons, while undertaking a national stockpile of 500,000 tons of potassium fertilizer, making full use of the national reserve.
Use. Since the beginning of this year, the supply of potassium fertilizer has increased, and the current production reduction plan, which is now in place in Russia, is expected to result in a supply reduction of at least 1.6 million tons, adding up to the high demand in the northern hemisphere in the spring, and the price of potassium fertilizer is expected to rise steadily, thus driving the growth of public potassium fertilizer plate profitability.
Lithium: Lithium tap in low-cost salt lakes, with potential for expansion. The company now owns 40,000 tons of lithium production in salt lakes, while sales of lithium salt are expected to increase steadily in the 40,000-ton basic lithium salt project. Compared to lithium quail and cloud lithium, the cost advantage of producing lithium in salt lakes is clear, with a single ton production cost of only $365 million per ton in 2024, supporting a flat company.
High lithium prices drive a new round of capital spending in the industry, which peaked in 2023 and 2024, the lithium pattern shifted to oversupply, lithium prices continued to fall, and high-cost Australian and domestic cloud mines were being cleared up. Under old consumption policies such as the replacement of new and new ones, domestic electricity demand was expected to shrink in 25 years.
The risk of a significant decline in the price of potassium chloride: the risk of market space-based deviations. The price of lithium is expected to rise steadily in 25 years, with the potential contribution of the new 40,000 tons of lithium salt released, covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
Potassium chloride: The company has 5 million tons of potassium chloride and has relatively stable sales, and we expect the company to have a steady rise in the price of potassium fertilizer in 2025, and the price of potassium fertilizer is expected to fall after the subsequent supply disturbance is lifted. I Lithium: the company is a lithium tap from salt lakes, currently has 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate and is building 40,000 tons of lithium salt.
With the release of new capacity, the sales of the company ' s lithium salt are expected to increase steadily, and we expect the company to sell its lithium salt in 2025-2027 at an average price of 6.0/7.1/80 million yuan per ton, at a cost of $35,000 per ton per ton of lithium salt.
The increase in activity is expected to result in a supply reduction of at least 1.6 million tons of production in the two Russias that are currently on the ground, adding up, and a steady recovery in the price of potassium fertilizer in the spring, which is expected to boost the profitability of the company’s potassium fertilizer plate. The company is a lithium tap from low-cost salt lakes in the country, with a current capacity of 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate and 40,000 tons of lithium salt production.
In construction, capacity is expected to double, and subsequent lithium plate performance is expected to benefit from a substantial increase in lithium salt prices.1 Project presentations do not meet the expected risks.2 New energy vehicle demand is not growing as much as expected.
(iii) Risk of a continuing downswing in lithium prices. 1. Company profile: titanium fertilizer and salt lakes with lithium taps, two-wheel-drivers for profit 1.1. National potassium fertilizer and salt lakes with lithium taps and five mines with major world-class salt lake industries
The company, based on its resources, became China's largest potassium fertilizer producer and salt lake lithium producer. The company absorbed the Salt Lake Merger group to form a Salt Lake stock. The company focused on the integrated development and use of the resources of the Salt Lake, establishing an industrial model of “potassium-based, integrated use, recycling economy” and other products such as potassium chloride and lithium carbonate.
As of 2024, the company had a capacity of 5 million tons of potassium chloride and 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate.
In 1996, the company was transformed into the Qinghai Salt Lake Potassium Fertilizer Company, and in 1997 it gradually expanded its potassium fertilizer capacity and merged the “two lakes.” In 2010, the company absorbed the Salt Lake Group.
Changed to Salt Lake shares and continued expansion of potassium fertilization capacity, the company had already produced 5 million tons of potassium chloride in 2015. 2015-2019: diversified operation, loss of years, bankruptcy and suspension of listing. In 2015, Salt Lake shares developed an industrial strategic plan for “extrication of potassium, capture of magnesium, development of lithium, integration of alkaline, and optimization of chlorine” and the creation of an eco-lithium potassium park.
The diversified operating layout required large capital expenditures and the project was not as fast and efficient as expected, which led to the company ' s completion of the company ' s restructuring plan in April 2017-2019, with lost assets such as Hena ' s chemical industry and the salt lake magnesium industry being removed from the body. In 2022, the company launched the 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate expansion project, and in the same year it invested in the construction of a 40,000-tonne/year basic lithium salt integration project.
In the future, a world-class salt lake industry base will be built together, with the participation of China’s five mines and Qinghai nation, among others. Investment in a new 40,000-ton/year basic lithium salt integration project, China’s five-mine group became a realist and accelerated the construction of a world-class salt lake industry base.
The shareholders are the China Salt Lake Industries Group, which holds 12.87 per cent of the shares of the company, and the real owners are the China Five Minerals Group, which controls 25.3 per cent of the shares of the company (as of 9 April 2025) through direct, indirect and concerted action by the Chinese Five Minerals Group.
Since 2020, the rate of penetration of new energy vehicles has accelerated, the demand for lithium carbonate has increased, supply should not be driven by a sharp rise in lithium prices, and the company certificate has been a source of revenue.
Figure 3: Corporate revenue collection and speed increase Chart 4: Company profits from years of net profit and speed increase The company profits from the two-wheel drive of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, which is the company ' s profit base, with greater volatility in the profitability of lithium carbonate.
The company’s main base of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate products, which received $11.7 billion and $3.1 billion in 2024 respectively, and accounted for the company’s continuing decline in the company’s costs, mainly for administrative costs. The company’s four rates continued to be 1.3 per cent, from 24.1 per cent in 2018, in the Salt Lake of Zahr Khan, with a high supply of potassium and magnesium resources, leading to strategic resource autonomy.
The salt lake has more than 60 billion tons of salt, the country’s largest soluble potassium magnesium deposits. Of this, the solid, liquid kci reserves are more than 500 million tons, the mgcl2 reserves are more than 4 billion tons, and the licl reserves are 12 million tons (carbon acid equivalents).
Lithium 1,049 million metric tons, with a potential total value of more than 12 trillion yuan in mineral resources. The total surface of the Salt Lake of Charkhan is 5856 square kilometres, of which the Salt Lake shares approximately 3,700 square kilometres of mining rights and strategic resources such as potassium magnesium are derived from 2. Potassium: the country’s potassium-fathead and the production and sale of the proceeds are stable.
2.1. Supply: High concentration of potassium fertilizer, long-term domestic dependence on imports, global capacity for potassium fertilizer is concentrated mainly in Canada, Russia and Belarus, with China accounting for 13% of global production of potassium fertilizer. Global concentration of potassium fertilizer is high, with a clear oligopoly monopoly.
k2o), which is expected to increase to about 76 million tons (k2o) by 2028. Geographically, Canada, Russia and Belarus are among the top three producers of potassium fertilizer in the world, accounting for 65 per cent of total global production, and China for 13 per cent of potassium fertilizer production, which is highly concentrated among the first producers of potassium fertilizer, accounting for more than 70 per cent.
nutrien, Belarus belaruskali, Russia uralkali, United States mosaic, and Germany k+s have combined control of more than 70% of world production capacity and oligarchy. China has a relative shortage of potassium resources, with more than 95% of potassium fertilizer produced from saline lake halogenated water.
In 2024, the total production of potassium was 6.205 million tons, a decrease of 5.6 per cent compared to the previous year, and three large enterprises with a production capacity of over 1 million tons (in kind), with shares in salt lakes (potassium chloride), Tibetan mines (potassium chloride) and national investments.
China has a high external and long-term dependence on imports of potassium. Limited autonomous capacity has led to China’s permanent dependence on imports of potassium and a constant rate of import dependence of more than 50%.
Annual report, Russia/Belarus/Canada/Laos/Israel/Jordan, respectively, accounted for 33.6 per cent, 22.9 per cent, 18.4 per cent, 16.4 per cent, 5.0 per cent.
The demand for potassium fertilizer as an agricultural fertilizer is relatively rigid and growing steadily. According to data such as nutrien, global demand for potassium fertilizer increased from 70-73 million tons in 2024 to 7100-74 million tons in 2025, with the main areas of demand concentrated in Asia, Latin America and North America, where the agro-industry is now concentrated.
China is the largest agricultural country in the world, with demand for potassium fertilizer accounting for about 25% of global consumption. In the broader context of national food security, market demand for potassium fertilizer will rise steadily with the restructuring of agricultural structures and the development of efficient agriculture.
The apparent annual consumption of potassium chloride amounted to 187.2 million tons, an increase of 6 per cent over the previous year.
In the international market, the price of potassium fertilizer was stable until 2021, but in the last three years, the price of potassium fertilizer was more volatile, mainly due to geopolitical events. In mid-2022, the price of potassium fertilizer rose to an all-time high, with demand at the end of the price chain, food, bulk commodities, etc.
On the supply side, the sanctions imposed on the Russian Federation and the outbreak of the conflict in the Russian Federation led to tight supply of potassium fertilizer, pushing the global price of potassium fertilizer up. In mid-2023, the price of potassium fertilizer fell gradually, mainly because of the return of potassium fertilizer exports from Russia and Belarus. In 2024, the supply of potassium fertilizer eased with geopolitical events.
Controlling the supply, entering the phase of rehabilitation, and falling prices, but the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, the conflict in the Russian Federation, and the associated sanctions continue to constrain the supply of potassium fertilizer, with geopolitical risks leading to an increase in the cost of transporting potassium fertilizer. In November 2024, Belarus’s President, Lukashenko, proposed a 10-11% reduction in potassium fertilizer production in coordination with Russian fertilizer producers to raise market prices.
In August 2024, Nutrien announced a moratorium on the expansion of production. Increased transport costs and reduced production costs were planned or contributed to the rehabilitation of the international potassium fertilizer price hub.
On 18 February 2025, the Russian company Ural Potassium Fertiliser (uralkali) announced that three mines would be stopped in the second and third quarters of 2025. Overall, at the lower limit of the reduction, that is, 900,000 tons in Belarus and 700,000 tons in Russia.
Tons, the two-Russian production reduction plan, which is currently in place, is expected to result in a supply reduction of at least 1.6 million tons, adding to the need of the northern hemisphere for the spring season, and the price of potassium fertilizer is expected to recover steadily. As a result of China’s high dependence on potassium fertilizer imports, the domestic price of potassium fertilizer is heavily influenced by the international market, and the domestic price of potassium chloride is almost identical to that of the international market. As of May 22, 2025, China’s chlorination is expected to take place in China.
The price of potassium was $2,800 per ton, a 13.7 per cent increase from $2550 per ton at the beginning of the year. The company had 5 million tons of production capacity, stable sales and a 500,000 tons of national potassium fertilizer reserve. The company had 5 million tons of chlorine production capacity, a domestic potassium chloride dragon business, and sales of potassium chloride had been stable over the years, with 2024.
The company is also responsible for the production of 500,000 tons of national potassium fertilizer and is fully using the national reserve as a “pool of water.” The cost of potassium chloride per ton has increased as a result of the revenue policy adjustment.
Implementation of the potassium fertilizer “go-out” strategy to speed up the external distribution of potassium salt. As the potassium “go-out” strategy progresses steadily, the Division has set up a special working group on “go-out of potassium” focusing on strengthening potassium fertilizer resources in Africa, South-East Asia, etc.
With deep cooperative development and resource-sharing and complementary advantages, the region has become more important in the global market for potassium fertilizer, contributing significantly to securing the global supply of potassium fertilizer, while at the same time giving strong impetus to the company’s own continued development. With the mining industry, its overseas mineral resources and seaboard experience are also expected to empower the company.
Lithium: With low-cost salt lake taps, capacity expansion, and the start of substantial capital spending, we can see that capital spending by both domestic and foreign lithium salt enterprises has increased rapidly since 2022. As lithium prices have fallen sharply in 2024, they have now fallen to less than $80,000, and it is expected that capital spending on the industry will slow down, so I...
Salt Lake, Argentine laroz, Fenix Salt Lake, and Salt Lake Charhan Salt Lake, West Tower, and Eastern Day Geinel Salt Lake, China. In 2025, the additional production of lithium from Salt Lake Salt-Argentine, including Co-Saline Lake, Centenarioratones Salt Lake, was mainly in the expansion project for the share of Salt Lake, and the increase in Chilean Salt Lake was mainly in the expansion project for sqm.
The production of lithium from salt lakes increased by 90,000 tons in 2025, from 2915.14 million tons in Chile/China/Argentina, to the left side of the global lithium cost curve, owing to the low operating cost of lithium from salt lakes, which is a rigid supply that is largely undisclosed.
Lithium lithium quartz: Africa is expected to contribute the most increment when high-cost Australian mine clearance takes place. Australia ' s mines are generally implemented as a precipitation measure lce, an increase of 170,000 tons over 24 years (including Africa +11/Australia + 3/ Brazil +2). Australia: high-cost lithium mine altura/finniss/baldhill/cattlin has declared no production or has entered the maintenance phase, focusing on other high-cost Australian mines.
The 25-year increase in lithium is mainly in kathleenvalley. Africa: 25-year incremental mines are the Mali project and the Yalk mine, which are mostly controlled by the Chinese lithium salt industry, with reduced production or less than expected.
Lithium resources are located mainly in the Jiangxi region of China, with a large reserves of lithium resources, and the core companies with the Yunmote lithium process are mainly in the permanent materials, the Jiangt electric machine, the South lithium battery, and the Nine Ridge lithium industry. Lithium clouds are complex and have low lithium content, and the cost of lithium lifting is even higher. Cash costs are in excess of $70,000 per ton, at the highest right side of the global cost curve, and supply elasticity is greatest.
One hundred thousand yuan per ton of supplies can be released in large quantities. As lithium prices continue to fall, high-cost cloud titanium will be reduced. 3.2 Demand-side: the core of the cycle, the non-pessimistic domestic demand for lithium carbonate, has undergone a shift driven by the growth of traditional industrial demand — consumer electronic demand — of new energy demand.
1) Prior to 2000, the main demand for lithium carbonate was traditional industrial demand, mainly used as an additive for ceramic glass, etc.) By 2015, the demand for lithium carbonate was mainly driven by consumer electronics, with lithium carbonate used in lithium cells for solid material, cobalt-rich lithium. Global smartphone output increased at a combined rate of 47% in 2004-2015. 3) After 2015, the demand for lithium carbonate was largely dependent on the demand for lithium carbonate.
New-energy cars are pulling up, China’s new-energy car sales increased at a 50% compound rate in 2015-2024, and China’s new-energy vehicle needs are currently raising the demand for lithium salt to a million tons level, from small to large metals. According to the Association of Lithium Industries, the global production of lithium salt in 2017 was 23,54 million tonnes of lce, and the Hongmon mining industry is projected to produce more than 1.3 million tons of lithium salt globally in 2024.
Lithium jumps from small metals to millions of tons of large metals, and the demand for lithium will continue to grow as the penetration rate of new energy cars continues to rise and the energy load increases. Under consumption policies such as old for new, domestic electricity is needed or overexpected.
Incentives to boost consumption initiatives, and to boost the implementation of two new policies”, the replacement rate for electric cars was likely to be extended and even increased in 2025, and domestic electricity demand could be more optimistic in 2025. Consumer policies, such as state supplements, consumer electronic demand, overseas subsidies for new energy vehicles, eliminated or suppressed the growth in demand for lithium carbonate from overseas.
On 18 December of that year, Germany officially abolished the subsidies for electric cars. On 20 January 2025, Trump announced the elimination of the subsidies for electric vehicles in the United States.
At the current peak in lithium capital expenditure, demand increases are expected to slow in the future or will slow down, and the future cycle of lithium prices is expected to demand 1.43 million tons of lithium carbonate, or 126,000 tons of it, in 2025. According to the full cost curve, 80,000 yuan/tt of tax-free lithium salt is supplied at a total cost of 1.34 million tons, with a demand of 1.43 million based on positive material estimates.
Tons, over a 25-year surplus pattern is maintained, taking into account the current stock of more than 100,000 tons of lithium salt, some stocks of lithium concentrate and the amount of lithium recovered, or the supply of $80,000 per tonne of lithium salt, or the need for lithium salt. The estimated price of lithium carbonate in 2025 is $78,000 per ton/t.
The company currently has 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate production, which has been growing steadily in recent years. The company’s controlling subsidiary, the Blue Lithium Company, had 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate production, of which 10,000 tons were expanded through technological changes. In 2023, the conversion of the Blue Lithium industry to steady production technology was completed and put into operation, and research and technological improvements were actively carried out, including the efficient separation of the lithium fluids from industrial experiments.
Innovative integration of the existing salt lake lithium adsorption, membrane, extraction mainstream processes, with the recovery rate for the saturated lithium leg rising from 75 per cent to over 95 per cent and the overall recovery rate for lithium resources increasing by about 5 percentage points. At present, the combined 40,000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate production facility is in place, with a maximum daily yield of 140 tons. The yield of lithium sank lake carbonate shares increased from 136,000 tons in 2020.
Up to 40,000 tons in 2024, with a 31% compound increase, sales grew from 138,000 tons in 2020 to 4.16 million tons in 2024, and the company’s cost advantage in producing lithium from salt lakes is clear, supporting the company’s smooth running down the price of lithium.
Lithium titanium, membrane separation enrichment technology coupled with an industrialization demonstration device that broke through the technique of extracting lithium salt from the ultra-high lithium-low lithium halogen, relying on mature technology and high-quality saline lake resources, the company always kept the cost of lithium lifting to the left side of the industry, with a clear cost advantage. Lithium carbonate was in short supply in 2022, and lithium prices were high, with the company selling lithium carbonate at an average cost of up to $380,000 per month.
Tons, at a single ton production cost of only $31,000 per ton, and a Māori production rate of up to 92%. In 2024, the company produced only 36,000 yuan per ton of lithium carbonate, with 51% Māori, and there is still a considerable margin for profit compared to the current price of lithium, which supports the company’s steady progress in the 40,000 tons of lithium salt expansion project at a flat cost of lithium, with salt lakes taking on a more solid position as lithium taps.
The rich lithium resource reserve, the Continuous Lithium-Saline Lake LIS project, began investing 40,000 tons of new basic lithium salt items in 2022, 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate plus 20,000 tons of lithium chloride. The company successfully achieved the project ' s total investment of 40,000 tons of lithium salt, 37 of the 38 monolithic buildings on the ground have completed the basic branch work and 36 have completed the main structural caps and are now entering.
The construction of the interior structure (platforms), the construction work and the floor construction phase has progressed by 78 per cent; the installation work is ongoing, with the installation of the equipment in place and the plumbing at this stage, with the insorting of the lithium unit having started the installation of the electromechanical system, with 32 per cent of the installation of the construction image, 55 per cent of the overall project image having been completed and partial energy release expected in 2025.
The annual sales of potassium chloride by the company were 550.5 million tons, affected by the suspension of the supply-side potassium mine, and the 2025 potassium fertilization operations: the company is a salt lake with lithium carbonate production capacity of 40,000 tons of lithium salt, which is being built with the release of new capacity, and the sales of lithium salt by the company are expected to increase steadily, with the company ' s sales of lithium salt being projected for 2025-2027.
6.0/7.1/80.000 yuan per ton of lithium salt, at a cost of $35,000 per ton per ton. Lithium tap, potassium fertilizer prices are expected to rise steadily over 25 years, and capacity releases from new lithium salt, of 40,000 tons, are expected to contribute to a new amount, which is covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
1) The project is not as advanced as expected. The company’s new 40,000-ton lithium salt project, if less advanced than expected, will result in less than expected growth in the demand for new energy vehicles.
3) Lithium prices continue to run down risks. Lithium supply and demand patterns shift to oversupply, and if lithium prices fall faster than expected, the company’s performance will be more affected than the company’s performance. 5) Market space measurements risk: market space measurements in the report are based on certain assumptions, if actual and false
My personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers is not as good as expected. I have been diligent in my professional attitude, professional inquisitorial research methods, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, and no part of the person’s remuneration has been, is or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.