The railways are growing steadily, and the railways are expected to recover. In 2023, the National Railway completed its brigade.
The number of passenger deliveries increased by 128.8 per cent over the same period, from 2.97 per cent in 2019 to 2.97 per cent in 2019, with an unexpected recovery and a steady increase in company performance throughout the year, with railway equipment and overseas operations achieving faster performance, Wang Xiaoqian
This is mainly due to a significant increase in income from mobile and bus operations. Of this amount, the motor cars generated $41,829 million, went into the entire industry chain and successfully carried passengers on the Javan high iron; the Hungarian Railway high-speed group project was signed to achieve a major European breakthrough in China’s first export of high-speed iron; and there was an increase in the delivery of rail vehicles in exporting cities.
In addition, overseas operations earned $27.733 billion a year, compared to 13.75 per cent. The Māori rate has steadily increased, with emphasis on research and development inputs to create a new pattern for the dual-track industry. In 2023, Māori, a company, promoted various R&D projects such as transhipment, wind power, etc., with increasing R&D inputs leading to the transfer of equipment and clean-up.
Two tracks for clean energy equipment. The year-round investment in research and development costs $14,364 million, or 6.13 per cent of the revenue, and the recovery of railway equipment is expected to lead to elasticity. 1) Railway passenger flows are expected to recover, high irons are needed up, and new high-iron teams will be asked for 164 units in 2023, if the current fleet is maintained.
Intensity, the average number of cars per year in the future, is over 200 groups. (2) The Central Finance Committee proposes large-scale equipment upgrades and reduced logistics costs for society as a whole. On the one hand, it is expected to speed up the re-engineering of old and in-house engines and drive the cars, and on the other hand, there is a large stock of railway vehicles that needs to be upgraded, and the Harmonized part of the fleet is six years old.
After a period of major repairs, the delayed maintenance needs affected by the epidemic are expected to be released gradually, with a 24-year high-level first-time bid of 323 in excess of expectations. By car, the company's railway equipment operations account for more than 70% of motor vehicles and mobile units and are more profitable; by type, they account for nearly 40% of the maintenance in railway equipment operations, with a high Māori ratio and a high Māori ratio.
Stable. Equipment upgrades + railway passenger cargo upgrades + major renovation cycles to boost railway equipment, and companies are expected to release their performance elasticity by leading equipment for the global transhipment. [Galaxy] company reviews _ China’s new industry (601766.sh)
With growth in the first half of the year, the advantage of the railing remains the same. Table 1: Projections of key financial indicators
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.