The railways and overseas markets have continued to operate, and the track has performed well — the China Central Company (601766.sh) incident assessment report issued by China Chinese vehicles in 2023: the company achieved business income in 2023
ivzy@cfsc.com.cn  railway equipment recovery, which requires release of 764.5 billion yuan in fixed asset investment in our railway in 2023, an increase of 7.5 per cent over the same period;
With the new line of 3,637 kilometres, of which 2776 kilometres are high, the volume of investment is rising. In 2023, our railway passenger traffic gradually recovered, reaching a cumulative 36.80 billion people throughout the year, reaching a historic high.
The bidding is back on, and INT has been bidding 206 groups for the year 2023, mostly for the period 2010-2015, for about 10 years during the fifth grade, which is expected to be completed in the fifth grade.
Recovering growth, and companies are expected to benefit as industry leaders on a priority basis. Large-scale equipment upgrades in the railway industry, replacements of old locomotives take the lead.
According to the National Iron Group ' s 2023 statistics bulletin, the country has 22,400 railways throughout the year, of which 0.78 million, or 34.7 per cent, are incendiary;
Total rail freight delivery reached 3,911 million tons, an increase of 0.2 per cent over the same period.
China's railway equipment/cities track and urban infrastructure/new industries/modern services collection. Revenues from major mobile and bus operations increased significantly; companies signed new bills of approximately $29.86 billion throughout the year, of which international operations signed new ones of about $58.4 billion; end-of-service payments were made
The order was approximately $27.3 billion, of which the international business was working on the order of $112.7 billion. Step up, benefiting from a large-scale policy of re-upgrading transhipment equipment, a wide range of future growth opportunities.
The Mechanical Group presents Maozheng: MA in Materials, University of Akdan, five years of experience in commodity securities investment.
Lu Dzhoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research and development, Lu Chenjian: Master of Arts, April 2023, and Master of Arts, August 2023, Chinese Securities.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.