Utility shares (000938), computers, fast-paced performance, projects, sequenced advancement of south-west securities research and development centre
Summary of performance: The company ' s operating income in the first half of 2020 was 25,550 million yuan, an increase of 11.7 per cent in the same year, the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was 880 million yuan, an increase of 4.2 per cent in the same year.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company is $630 million. The company's performance has declined in the first quarter as a result of the new crown epidemic, but as the company's operations and product lines have gradually returned to production in the second quarter, the company is continuing to move forward with cloud computing and the layout of the 5g chain.
• Integration of the industrial chain up and down to facilitate smooth distribution operations. Companies are committed to building a complete IT distribution chain and an eco-circle, where they can co-develop with the industrial chain up and down, and win-win. Companies continue to push.
In full cooperation with manufacturers such as Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Unions, etc., while ensuring the steady development of product lines, it is possible to quickly find the right partner in the market and introduce it into the company’s product line in accordance with the user’s needs.
The company’s Digital Brain project is centred on a smart digital platform that integrates cloud computing infrastructure and builds an intelligent application ecology. It continues to make new breakthroughs in the areas of governance, finance, transport, telecommunications, etc.
In the next three years, the net return of profits will be 23.7% of the composite growth rate.
The project began to deliver, the product was winning, the industry climate was superimposed on the 5g Construction Catalyst, the company's pioneer in building cloud computing infrastructure. The company was the pioneer in the development of a new generation of cloud computing infrastructure and intelligent applications for innovation. The company was responsible for cloud computing, big data, big data.
Artificial intelligence, 5g and object networking provide hardware and software products such as computing, networking, storage and security in industrial intelligent applications, are widely applied in a wide range of industries such as government, telecommunications, the Internet, finance, education, and provide continuous life-cycle services for user cloud computing intelligence applications, such as planning design, software development, system integration and transport management.
In terms of revenue structure, the company ' s main business is the distribution of its products and supply chain services and digital infrastructure and services, which accounted for 52.5 per cent and 47.5 per cent of its revenue respectively in 2019. This compares with the company ' s Māori structure, where distribution of its products and supply chain services, digital infrastructure and services account for 21.2 per cent, 78.8 per cent and distribution of its products and services, respectively.
Corporate revenue rises from year to year, with robust levels of profit growth. While companies are steadily consolidating the infrastructure and industry’s market advantages to upgrade domestic customer computing infrastructure and industry applications, they are making incremental progress in the operators’ and overseas markets.
Assumption 1: As the production lines of corporate products are recommenced in the second quarter, corporate large clients are stabilized, large numbers of corporate orders are delivered in the political sector, cloud computing and the 5g industrial chain layout continue to advance, assuming that the 2020-2022 electronics product scenario 2: corporate-it distribution services are growing rapidly and companies are increasing their upstream and downstream integration into the industrial chain.
Introduction of a new product line based on the new needs of clients, which will continue to grow at a steady pace in the future, assuming that 2020-2022 will be the period 2020-2022 as the distribution suit assumes that the company's other business is not the main business and that, as the company continues to deepen its main business in the industry, other assumptions for the future: the increase in intra-company amortization is closely linked to the increase in revenue, assuming a steady increase in intra-company sales over the next three years.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business revenue for 2020-2022 as follows: we select three comparable companies in the cloud computing industry, three of which have a similar ownership to the purple-light shares, mainly based on cloud-based product technology. In 2020, the average value of the three companies was 66 times lower than the value of the industry.
In view of the rapid growth of cloud computing and 5g, the company’s many project products are now undervalued, we believe. Table 2: Comparable companies are valued at 23.7% of the composite growth rate. Given the gradual delivery of many of the company’s projects in the second half of the year, the product winning, the industry landscape.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.