Construction of hydroelectric works in the lower Jaruzhu River and the continued growth of hydroelectric equipment.
Xu Wenhui incident: According to Xinhua, the inaugural meeting of the Yajiang Group Limited of China was recently held in Beijing. Member of the Central Political Bureau of the Chinese Communist Party and State Council.
Deputy Prime Minister Zhang Kuoqing attended and unveiled the company. On July 19, a ceremony was held in the city of Lin Chi, Tibet Autonomous Region, to begin the hydroelectric works. The Chinese Central Political Bureau and Premier Li Qiang of the State Council attended the opening ceremony and announced the opening of the works.
The creation of Yajiang Group Ltd. in China has helped to promote the development of hydropower resources in Yaru Tibetanbang, and orders for domestic hydroelectric units are expected to accelerate their release, and Eastern Electric is expected to benefit as a manufacturer of domestic head hydroelectric equipment. The company’s profit forecast for 2025-2027 is maintained.
According to Xinhua, the inaugural meeting of the Yajiang Group Limited of China was held recently in Beijing, with members of the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China and Deputy Prime Minister of the State Council, Zhang Guoqing, at which the company was inaugurated. On 19 July, a ceremony was held in Lin Chi City, Tibet Autonomous Region, to begin the construction of hydroelectric works in the lower part of the Jaruzhuji River.
Li Qiang attended the opening ceremony and announced the official start of the works. The hydroelectric works in the lower Yaru Tibetan River are located in the Tibetan Autonomous Region of Lim Chi City, where they are mainly carried out in a way that allows for the construction of five ladder stations with a total investment of about 1.2 trillion yuan.
In terms of the industrial chain, the main enterprises listed for hydroelectric equipment (including water turbines, generators, etc.) include Eastern Electric, Shanghai Electric, Harbin Electric, etc.; Gil (gas insulation transmission) suppliers for hydroelectric discharges include Isolated Electric Power, Ping High Electricity, Long High Power New, etc.; Water and Power Accompaniment Special Voltage Equipment suppliers include Xu Li Electric, Ping High Electric, State Electric Nanxi and China Western Power, etc.
Eastern Electric is one of the largest energy research and development groups and engineering contractors in the country, producing more than 700 million kilowatts of energy equipment, and is more competitive in the area of energy equipment. In the area of hydroelectric equipment, companies have pumped water from the high altitude, wide load, and fast-changing markets, with 41.6 per cent of the total market, 45 per cent of the conventional hydropower market, in the forefront of the industry, and the company ' s hydropower technology is in the forefront of the country.
Fluid and hybrid hydropower technologies have reached industry leadership levels, shock hydropower technologies have reached industry advanced levels, companies have taken the lead in 2024 in the development of a model of a single-ball maximum capacity of 500 megawatts of shock water turbines, our first 300-megawatt-scale transformer storage unit, and the power motive for electricity generation has successfully passed the pilot test, marking a major breakthrough in the autonomous development of our transformer reservoir.
The establishment of Yajiang Group Limited in China has helped to promote the development of hydropower resources in Yaru Tibetanbjiang, and orders for domestic hydroelectric units are expected to be released at an accelerated pace, and Eastern Electric is expected to benefit as a manufacturer of domestic head hydroelectric equipment. The company’s profit forecast for 2025-2027 is 43.4/552/60.9 billion, and construction of the project has not progressed as expected; and competition in the electricity equipment sector has intensified.
Eastern Electric (600875.sh) 2024 tri-quarter review - 7 per cent increase in revenues in the first three quarters, with a single steady increase in revenues) Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future