Wei Hongmei, the tax-exempt business continues to outperform its expectations.
On the day of the acquisition, China was tax-exempt, and the year-round performance was impressive. The company’s gross operating income and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies grew by 27.55 per cent and Lulitin, respectively, over the same period of the previous year.
38.97 per cent, mainly due to the increase in operating income of $5.690 billion generated by companies through limited public administration and consolidation of the optimization of existing off-island tax-exempt operations during the reporting period, as well as net profit gains of $580 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Annual operating income of RMB 3,134 million, an increase of 24.22%, net profit of RMB 466 million, an increase of 23.94%, a significant increase of 53% over the same year; expected q4 performance, followed by an expansion of tax-exempt operations, with an expected increase in the Māori rate.
The company's future tax-free sales are expected to grow rapidly, from about $9 billion in tax-free sales to $20 billion in the course of the year.
The increase in the company’s Māori rate is judged on the basis of a reference to the world’s tax-exempt giant, dufry. During 2007-2012, the volume of revenue collected by dufry increased from $1.5 billion to $3 billion in tax-exempt operations.
The Māori rate rose from 56% to 73%, an increase of 17 percentage points. The company’s current expansion is expected to release the tax-free dividend from the Hainan Tourism Development Plan.
The policy will be optimized by increasing the tax-free shopping quota, expanding the tax-free variety of goods, optimizing the tax-free layout of the off-island and opting for additional duty-free shops at high-speed railway stations and port terminals. Tourists entering and leaving the island will be included in the tax-exempt policy, with a view to introducing international excellence.
Tax-exempt operators are involved in duty-free operations off Hainan Island, providing high-quality and low-priced goods to passengers. We believe that raising tax-free shopping limits and expanding tax-free commodity varieties will further release and stimulate consumer demand for duty-free consumption, facilitate higher unit prices and further promote the elimination of luxury goods overseas.
Favourable: Opening multiple duty-free shopping points and including more tourists in the scope of off-island tax-exempt policies will increase the size of duty-free consumers and boost the growth of duty-free sales. Keep prudentially recommended ratings.
(b) A system for rating securities investment: the “market index” of this rating system has a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.