The probability of acquiring 51 per cent of Shanghai's equity in Shanghai and 51 per cent of Shanghai's tax-free operating rights at Shanghai Airport has increased considerably, and 51 per cent of Shanghai's Company Limited (hereinafter “Shanghai”).
At this time, Shanghai is running a tax-free operation at Shanghai Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport, which will expire in March of this year. In November 2017, the company announced that it was planning to launch cooperation with Shanghai, and today, China’s business acquisition of 51% of Shanghai’s shares has made Shanghai its controlling subsidiary and will be incorporated into the merger.
The scale of the statement. Shanghai, Japan (excluding Shanghai) achieved operating income and net profits of $6.330 billion and 250 million yuan in 2016, respectively, and revenues and net profits of $6.335 billion and $120 million in the first three quarters of 2017, respectively, which will further expand the size of the tax-free business of the company and contribute to the growth of the company ' s performance. The value of the acquisition transaction was 2,951 million yuan in Shanghai, relative to 2016.
Together with Shanghai powers, Shanghai has increased the probability of winning tax-free access to Shanghai Airport. The number of international passengers at Shanghai East International Airport and Rainbow Bridge International Airport (hereinafter “Shanghai Airport”) reached 3,794,000 in 2017, the largest international airport in the country. Moreover, Shanghai has a strong procurement advantage, and has established good cooperation relations with international luxury suppliers such as Ashlande, Olya, and Louis Vuitton.
The size of the sale, which is at the forefront of the industry, has a purchasing-scale effect. Shanghai airport tax-free rights are about to be rebid, while Shanghai has a prominent advantage in terms of qualifications, market advantages, and distribution channels, so that the acquisition of 51% of Shanghai's shareholdings will greatly increase the probability that the Chinese company will win the Shanghai airport tax-free rights, compensate for the company's short cut in the Shanghai market and make the company's tax-free business market.
At the same time, the acquisition will help to increase the size of the procurement of branded suppliers by allowing them to achieve greater efficiency and improve the economic efficiency of their tax-exempt operations. With the expansion of tax-exempt operations, the increase in the Māori rate is expected.
The Division’s future tax-free sales are expected to grow rapidly, with companies expected to increase their bargaining power over future tax-suppliers by adding to the expected year 2018 tax-free rights at Shanghai Airport. The increase in the company’s Māori ratio is judged by reference to the world’s tax-free giant, dufry, which grew from $1.5 billion to $3 billion in 2007-2012, and the tax-free Māori ratio rose from 56% to 56%.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.