The performance of the Centre for Consumer Upgrading and Recreational Studies for 17 years is in line with expectations, with 18 years of tax-free new journeys and improvements in the efficiency of operations resulting in higher net interest rates: 27.55 per cent of the company's income and net profit growth, respectively
And 39%, of which the tax-free shop in Triya Bay sold $5.3 billion/+31% in January-November, and the revenue increase in Triya Sea Bay is expected to be $1.5 billion a year. The Japanese side-by-side income and net profit shares are expected to increase by about $3.65 billion/$158 million, and the growth rate in the company’s internal income after the day-by-day side-by-side effects is about
1. Third Quarterly Review of China’s Travel – The Tax Free Shop is about 1.4 pct. The Māori rate that companies are expected to be able to drive as a result of the increase in tax exemptions is expected to continue to rise. In 2018, the company will be at a new growth juncture, and the policy of the Hainan plate is expected to overlap with the sea airport exemption.
The scope of China's tax exemption and the percentage of China's tax exemption is expected to expand further: the country is committed to returning to consumption abroad, compared with the country's tax-exempt sales of about 85 billion yuan in 2017, and China's tax-exempt sales in 2017 are expected to expand.
3. There is much scope for increasing the size of the tax exemption for China’s Travel Tracking Report – Pilot Cross-border Electric Operator Model. In 2018, the Hainan Jianjin Province will benefit from the liberalization of policies on tax exemptions, types, and scope of application expected for the thirtieth anniversary of Hainan Jian Province.
Shanghai Airport will open a rebidding in 2018.
The Department is expected to gain the right to operate in a cooperative mode at the airport in the capital city. “China’s China Travel Corporation’s Stocktaking-Japan Stocktaking Project, which allows tax-free markets to become monopolized, and companies to benefit from the monopoly and industry’s long-term liberalization:
The country’s tax-free market is gradually moving toward a monopolistic market, and the effects of the decentralization of the duty-free market are not favourable to the market’s size. Currently, large domestic airports and departure duty-free developments are mature, and the opening of future duty-free shops in the city is expected to become a hot spot for new duty-free markets in terms of consumption capacity and convenience.
On January 22, 2018, Beijing's Espace International Free City began construction, with a total investment of 12 billion yuan, which is expected to be completed by 2020.
(b) The high percentage of airports is causing a fall in net interest rates to drag the company ' s performance; the policy landscape is not conducive to corporate development;
The increase in the Māori rate was not as fast as expected; the decline in the domestic economy led to a decline in the population's appetite for consumption.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment