China Travel (601888), Consumable Consumer Services (CPS) ..with higher-than-expected growth in performance, the main increase in tax-free contributions from China and Asia.
Events: Companies recently released a fast-tracked 2017 performance report, with companies operating in the reporting period of billions of yuan, an increase of 45.45 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Tax operations generated an increase in operating income of $5.69 billion, or 20 per cent of the total revenue, resulting in a net return of $7.812 billion, or 31.4 per cent, to the company; a net return of $605 million, or a high increase in duty-free sales to the island of Sanya.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Tax exemption from the 3-Absolute Islands benefits from the high growth in shopping in 2017, increased cooperation with travel agencies and business up to 12 months/minimum
In 2018, on the occasion of the thirtieth anniversary of the construction of the province of Hainan, it is expected that the tax-exempt policy will be further relaxed in terms of the size and scope of the tax-exempt city of Sanya.
A large number of hotels and hotels have been opened, passenger flows are expected to increase further, and the price of the passenger unit has risen. (60188) The size of the tax exemption has expanded rapidly, and the Māori rate has been raised for a long time. The size of the tax exemption for companies in 2017 has increased rapidly.
The increase in the size of the tax-free market has led to an increase in the ability to negotiate tax-free goods, which has led to the removal of tax-free rights from Hong Kong airports, capital airports, and Guangzhou airports.
(601888) Evaluation report: The winning Hong Kong machine currently has a Māori rate of around 46%, based on the global global distribution of tax-exempt operations by international tax-exempt giants, Māori rate of water, tobacco and alcohol.
The average is 60-65% of the reasonable range. As the overall tax-free sales of the company rises, and cooperation with Japan and Lagdell deepens, the Māori ratio of the company moves into the upper range.
Investment proposals: The company will have multiple benefits in 2018, with the capital airport t2, t3 tax-free + huge space for extended growth. The store will deliver on February 11, 2018: 30th anniversary of the beginning of the construction of the province in Hainan Province in April, free from the island.
-2017/04/05 Taxes are expected to meet policy dividends; Shanghai Airport tax-free bidding is expected to be completed within the year and companies are expected to join up in Shanghai, Japan, to expand the tax-free scope again; and Beijing ' s Sky Free City project has recently been launched, with an advance
By 2020, the tax-exempt policy in the city is expected to ease and become a new performance growth point for companies.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report