The company released its 2017 performance report, which benefited from China's top-down tax-exempt business.
The net profits of the company’s shareholders increased by 39% over the year. Given that Hong Kong, Beijing, Guangzhou, and many other duty-free shops became operational between the end of 2017 and the beginning of 2018, and that duty-free sales from Hainan Island are expected to grow at a high rate, the company’s performance is expected to grow at a faster rate in 2018.
In Japan, tax-exempt operations in and off the island were optimized: the company reported fast performance in 2017, yielding 28,557 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 27.55 per cent in the same year, and operating profits of $38.53. On a quarterly basis, 4q companies achieved operating income of $7,813 million, an increase of 31.43 per cent in the same year.
The current operating profits of 980 million yuan, an increase of 97.18 per cent over the same period, and the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 605 million yuan, an increase of 74 per cent over the same year. According to the announcement, the main reason for the growth in corporate performance in 2017 was that the company generated $5.69 billion in tax-free operations from the island through the acquisition of the day (China) and the consolidation of the island.
The tax-exempt map made a major breakthrough, and in 2018 the company’s tax-exempt business was released in addition to the company’s business of tobacco and alcohol, through the acquisition of 51% of the shares on the day of the acquisition (China) and the Beijing Capital Airport.
Tax-free shop bidding (with Japan gaining t2 and t3 tax-free business) and the Guangzhou White Cloud Airport competition, which successfully covered two major international hub airports. Currently, the middle bid in 2017 (Hong Kong airport smoking and alcohol section, Kunming, Qingdao, Chengdu, etc.) has been opened.
It is reported that the Hong Kong airport's smoking and alcohol section has been operating with a high level of performance and a competitive price for its products. On the other hand, the Capital Airport's tax-free shop and White Clouds t3 tax-free shop will be operational in February 2018.
Business will continue to grow at a rapid pace, and performance is on the verge of release. On the thirtieth anniversary of the construction of the Hainan Zone, tax-exempt policies are expected to continue to add up: revenue from tax-exempt shops in the Sanya Sea Bay as a proportion of institutional investors in circulationa
In 2017, according to media reports, two tax-free stores in Sanya and Hainan sold 10.5 million ex-island traders, 41.8 per cent more than in 2017, and 2.334 million shopping places, 34.8 per cent more than in 2017.
Sales amounted to $8.02 billion, a 32% increase. Since the departure of the tax-exempt policy, the tax-exempt policy has been added (e.g. up to $8,000, online booking of airports/train stations, etc.), shopping convenience has gradually increased, with cumulative sales exceeding $30 billion.
On the thirtieth anniversary of Hainan’s establishment of the Special Economic Zone, the effect of duty-free shopping is expected to increase even further, considering that duty-free shopping has become a policy point and a powerful force for the development of the Hainan International Tourism Island. Looking ahead, tax-free operations still have scope for upgrading: 1) At present, the company is working with Shanghai Podong, Rainbow Bridge, Shanghai.
The airport tax-free shop operator, Shanghai, is in the process of negotiating cooperation, which should be directed to the Shanghai airport duty-free shop in March. This cooperation may still take the form of equity mergers and acquisitions, taking into account the situation prior to the capital airport bid. If it goes well, the company will complete the tax-free airport at the three main hubs in the country.
The company has signed an ad hoc strategic cooperation agreement with the capital airport and the government of Shunji District in Beijing on the case of the Air Free City International. The Air Free City is 100 million yuan from the capital airport t3 terminal, which will drive the industry around the country and consume 50 billion yuan, which will be 100 billion yuan in the long term.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.