The company announced that it was going to acquire 51% of the share in Shanghai, Shanghai, and the tax-free giants.
The company’s tax-exempt business is expected to cover the country’s three main hubs. Taken together, the benefits are good, the company’s tax-exempt leader is strong, and its performance is expected to grow rapidly.
The transaction is in line with previous market expectations. The transfer price agreed upon by the parties is 1.5 billion yuan (or US dollars equivalent).
According to the report, Japan collected $6.33 billion in 2016 and $250 million in net profits after deducting the return on investment in China. According to the company announcement, the price of pe in 2016 was 11.6 times higher than that of pe in 2016.
The profit method assesses the value of the target, which estimates the net profits in Shanghai in 2018 at $600 million, or five times that of the pe. Given Shanghai’s industry leadership in branding, slogans, procurement pipelines, and scale of sales, and the subsequent exemption from monopolization of the country’s core tax-exempt pipeline, this purchase price company
In the long term, this acquisition is of strategic importance for companies to achieve an oligarchy of domestic tax-exempt operations and full coverage of duty-free domestic airports at the three major international hubs. In the announcement, it was agreed that the tax-free procurement from related parties would take place in Shanghai during the transition period (not more than one year).
After the transition period, duty-free goods sold in Shanghai will be purchased by Chinese companies on a uniform basis.
In 2018, the net interest rate on sales amounted to 11.7 per cent (4 per cent in 2016). According to an assessment of the earnings method in company announcements, in 2018, Shanghai's net profit contribution to listed companies is expected to be about 307 million.
The low Māori rate in Shanghai, Japan, from 2018 to 2021, calculated on the basis of the revenue-earning method forecast in the Bulletin, was about 23 to 24 per cent, presumably due mainly to an increase in the rate of seizure at the Pudongt1 duty-free shop airport (20-25 per cent at the current airport), with reference to new tenders at Baiyun airport and the capital airport
In the long term, after the merger of the Shanghai procurement pipeline in Shanghai, and through the integration of the two sides, it is expected to be the absolute leader of the domestic tax-exempt industry, the bargaining power of upstream suppliers is expected to be researched.
On 27 February, the company issued a public announcement to the effect that fully-owned companies intended to buy 50 per cent and 1 per cent of their shares in Japan (Shanghai) through cash payments to the Baserichvestmentslimited (Shanghai Investment Limited, with 99 per cent of their shares in Shanghai) and Shanghai Mansai (with 1 per cent of their shares in Shanghai), respectively.
In addition, the purchase price is assessed by the Revenue Act, and the shares agreed between the two parties are tax-free shop operators at Shanghai Pudong International Airport and Rainbow Bridge International Airport.
In 2016, January-September 2017, the net profits were $6.33 billion and $6.34 billion, respectively. The net profits in Shanghai amounted to $600 million and the purchase price was five times the price.
As a result of the tax-free shop operating in Shanghai, which expired on 31 December 2021, and the tax-free shop at Pudongt2 and Rainbow Bridge Airport, which will expire on 31 March 2018, it is expected that tenders will be launched in the near future, the results of the asset assessment will be based mainly on the financial information and performance prospects of Pudongt1.
The company will indirectly acquire the right to operate the Pudongt1 tax-free shop, and in the light of competitive bidding at the airport in the capital, the company will have a bid for approximately the highest rate at Pudongt2, Rainbow Bridge Airport. In the long run, the acquisition will give the company an oligopolistic position on domestic tax-free business and achieve the three main countries in the country.
It is of strategic importance that all duty-free operations at the international hub airport be fully covered. Financial information on the duty-free shop expired on 31 March 2018 at Pudongt2 and Rainbow Bridge Airport, so that the tourist market broke down in 2019, the number of arrivals and departures rose, and the increase in consumption capacity led to an increase in revenue, with an increase in revenue for 2019-2021.
In 2016, the tax-free sales of two airports in Shanghai (6.33 billion, vov + 18 per cent) were significantly higher than the tax-free sales of the capital airport in the same year ($4.43 billion), affected by the intermediate procurement process (the purchase of Hong Kong in Japan and the purchase of a price increase to the domestic tax-free shop), and only 4 per cent of the net interest rate on sales in Shanghai in 2016.
As a result of this, the net interest rate on sales in Shanghai was significantly increased, with a net interest rate of 11.7% for sales in 2018, and it was assessed that Shanghai-to-Shanghai sold tax-free goods on the end of the transition period.
The company’s net profit contribution is expected to be around $300 million, and on the basis of financial information from Shanghai, Shanghai, in 2018 (currently 20-25% at the airport), based on the revenue method forecast for Shanghai, Shanghai, based on the new bid rate for the White Cloud Airport and the Capital Airport.
The rate of new deductions for Pudongt1 is estimated to be between 35 and 40 per cent (39 and 42 per cent, respectively, in White Clouds 1 and 2; 35 per cent out of Japan; 47.5 and 43.5 per cent, respectively, at Capital Airport 2 and t3). Short-term Māori rates may be affected, but in the long run, after the merger of Shanghai procurement pipelines in Shanghai, they are eliminated through consolidation.
With the China-China exemption from Shanghai-related pipelines, the China-China monopoly on tax-exempt operations will be stronger, and it is expected that the overall waiver will increase upstream bargaining power. On the whole, we believe that the company’s value of this acquisition will be favourable to the company and to the company’s winner, Pudong T2 and others.
This report is prepared by Group Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the Investments of Group Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.