On the evening of 19 April, the company disclosed its quarterly report for 2024, and its operating income was 994.96.
\triangleright billion yuan, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the same period of 2,238 million yuan, or 11.0 per cent over the same period. 24q1 net profit growth achieved in double digits, with a steady increase in the intellectual income share of the network count. 2024q1 yuan
\triangleright Arithmetic Networks and Digital Economy is an important business development for companies this year at the end of income and capital spending. 2024q1 connects clouds (to cloud resources, cloud platforms, cloud platforms, etc.)
(a) Income from cloud services, cloud formation, cloud interconnection, cloud security, etc., was $16.7 billion, an increase of 30.3 per cent over the same period;
The remaining cost rates were either flat or lower over the same period last year, with the exception of the R & D rate of 1.4 per cent. 24q1, corporate receivables increased by 36.6 per cent over the same period, mainly due to arithmetic, business income as a percentage of income, factors affecting the long project implementation cycle and the complex impact of the receiving and inspection process, for the same period
The company's cash purchases of fixed assets, intangibles, etc., cost $15.56 billion, a decrease of 7.3 per cent from the same year.
Thanks to a steady annual growth in operating income and a double-digit increase in profits, the quality of business will continue to be improved through internal drops, reduced marketing costs, and lower capital spending. Companies continue to push for intellectual upgrading, and the Beijing Center for Connecting Artificial Arithmetic will light up on April 13.
\triangleright The Beijing Center for Autonomous and Innovative Artificial Arithmetic was held in the Beijing Gate Trench area as the nation's premier, China Connect (600050/sh) annual report for 2023:
A “Government + Business” Ideas Centre and the only national centre in Beijing for autonomous innovation, Beijing, the United States of America, realized a 24-year sustained increase in the share of cash, and a 24-year extension of the Internet, the National Centre for Auto-Inventive Artificial Calculus could provide 300-p public computing power for basic hardware and software for the country's industrial ai.
With the addition of the post-Kingsi Jigu Valley cumulation capacity of 500 p to service more than 200 small and medium-sized enterprises and units, the company combines the cloud with the IQC.
Review: Good performance, industry Internet business as a percentage of ongoing supply-to-end solutions, including a wide range of computing, storage, network, security, etc. Upgraded by 2023/10/25
In March, mobile and fixed network users continued to grow. The company released 24q1 operations on the same day.
The size of mobile users reached 337 million households with a ring ratio of 23q4 (+1.2 per cent), of which 5g package users have achieved significant development results, with a core growth in innovative business construction (+1.8 per cent), with a net increase of 2.11 million households for gigabytes and an increase in broadband penetration to 23 per cent (+6.4 per cent).
5. China Connect (600050/sh) incident review: 900m Investment Recommendations: Corporate ' s overall success in promoting high-quality development has been remarkable in recent years, and we expect \triangleright
The hz band was approved for 5g commercial, and network competitiveness was further mentioned that the \triangleright Division ' s capital expenditure fell less than expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.