Telecommunications operations iii China Connect (600050.sh) Net profit returns increased by over-events for seven years, and computing intelligence continued to contribute
On April 16, 2024, China Connect released its annual report for the year 2023. In 2023, the company achieved a revenue of $372.6 billion, together with Internet communications operations: mobile operations are oriented towards “full-scale 5gization” and the creation of 5g and redcaps on the Internet.
Differences in competitive advantages. In 2023, companies ' networked communications operations (including mobile connectivity, broadband connectivity, electricity market data: 15 April 2024, visual networking, wire networking, communications and information operations) generated $24.4.6 billion, with overall stability.
The number of mobile users reached 333 million, a net increase of 10.6 million, a net increase of 9.7 million, and a net increase of nearly 10 years. In terms of arpu values, companies have been able to maintain soundness, including through “solid migration integration”, the development of family information services, and mobile cellular subscribers in 2023.
In terms of networking, there are 490 million companies, of which 5g have a net share in the industry that leads, cat 1, 130 million, and car network market shares that continue to lead the industry. Companies publish their first global 5-gredcap module, and the “Gold” equipment management platform has tens of millions of levels of capacity and location.
For five years in a row, big data services account for more than 50% of the industry’s share. Corporate computing includes connecting clouds, data centres, digital integration, data services, digital intelligence applications, and webmails.
The six main security blocks, which achieved revenue of $75.2 billion in 2023, generated more than half of the company’s new income, including GoWuyang, which generated revenue of $51 billion, an increase of 42 per cent over the same period, and continued to strengthen the layout of multilevel intelligence centres.
Generating a metascape model, "1+1+m" (1 base model plus 1 large model platform plus more than 10 priority industry large models) service capacity. Data services continued to lead the same industry market share, continuously improving data processing capacity, and daily capture data increased by the same amount in 2023 at $5.3 billion, an increase of 32 per cent.
It's a double 1.2pb, and the number of smart city service districts is 800. In terms of intelligence applications, the scale is remarkable, with 5g sector applications totalling 30,000, more than 8,500 5g network clients, and a billion degree self-research applications amounting to 32 units.
For the future: continue to achieve a double-digit growth in revenue profits, with total capital expenditure falling, with a moderate excess over pre-winding smart business. For the 2024 business performance outlook, companies strive to achieve rapid growth opportunities in large model industries, with network operations maintaining a moderate excess investment profile.
Against the backdrop of shrinking and strong elite performance, we believe that companies will also continue to increase their share of dividends in the future, with profit projections, valuation analysis and investment proposals: we expect the company to return to its share of net profits in 2024-2026. Growth is expected to remain high in the industry, with future roe and red ratios expected to continue to rise and “buy” to be maintained.
The risk of a drop in the value of mobile, broadband operations arpu. The company ' s 5g package has over-78% penetration, and will be moving at a slower rate in the future as high-value 5g users \triangleright complete their penetration.
There is a downside risk in arpu, less than expected, or less integrated, information business.
The revenue contribution was over 50%, and in 2023 the income of the connecting cloud was 42% lower than in the previous year, and there was a downside risk in the growth of the emerging business if the cloud’s computing market was competitive and the data services were not expanding as expected. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my own research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.