In terms of asset quality, the negative corporate growth of the two quarters remained stable, but corporate coverage remained generally low, and further enhancements to the provision were needed in the future.
The growth in net interest income was expected, the interest-rate gap ratio was maintained rapidly, the base of the provision remained to be strengthened The net profit of the private bank increased by 6.8 per cent in the first half of the year, and the increase was expected. The increase in revenue was 16.8 per cent in the same year, and the increase was higher.
The rate of increase was slightly slower than in the first quarter, mainly because the difference between interest rates was less than one quarter. The net fee income of the Bank increased by 12.1 per cent (vs, 2019q1, 16.3 per cent) in the first half of the year, with the bank card operating income increasing by 32.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, which was the main factor driving the fee income growth.
The size of the Bank ' s assets in the second quarter increased by 4.6 per cent/ 2.3 per cent by the same period, with credit lending in the second quarter slowing down, with a 1.3 per cent increase in the ring, a 5.5 per cent increase in the same year and a 4 per cent decrease in the rate of growth in the first quarter of the same year.
Based on an early end-of-period balance measurement of 1.57 per cent of a single-season net interest margin for the Bank, a first step ahead of the first quarter of the period is 6bp, mainly due to a 12bp drop in end-of-liability costs, which is greater than the 6bp drop in asset-end earnings, and the continuation of the wider interest-rate gap ring.
Bad production performance is stable and the base of provision has yet to be consolidated The Bank of Civil Welfare has a negative rate of 1.75 per cent for the second quarter, which is equal to the one quarter, and the rate of non-performing loans is still relatively high in the listed banks.
The value is still relatively high, and the quality of the company’s assets is still to be optimized. We measure the company’s negative rate of production in the first quarter of the second quarter, which is about 1.56 per cent, and the ring has remained largely stable over the first quarter. By the end of the second quarter, the standard of badness was even more stringent.
The Department still needs to work hard to strengthen the base of the provision and to further enhance the provision.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
The growth in revenue was in line with expectations, with net interest income remaining rapidly increasing, with a small slowdown of 2.2 percentage points, with net interest income and fee income increasing slightly slower than in the first quarter. Net interest income increased slightly during the first quarter of the year, mainly less than in the first half of the year, with interest differentials of less than one quarter.
The increase of 12.1 per cent (vs, 2019q1, 16.3 per cent) over the same period was attributable to a 32.7 per cent increase in income from bank cards, which was the main driver of the increase in revenue from fees.
In terms of interest differentials, the first six months of the bank saw a 2.00% net difference, a significant increase of 23bp in the same year. We calculated the two-quarter-quarter-quarter net-rate differential for the bank based on the end-of-period balance caliber, by 1.57%, further up by 6bp over the first quarter, mainly due to a 12bp drop in end-of-service cost, which was larger than the asset end-of-year gain of 6bp, supporting the spread.
Poor production performance is stable, the base of provision is yet to be tightened The bank has a negative rate of 1.75 per cent for the second quarter, which is flat from the first quarter, and the non-performing loan rate is still relatively high among the banks listed.2 Loans of concern decreased by 4bp to 3.34 per cent from the beginning of the round, but in absolute terms remain relatively high, and the quality of corporate assets remains low
By the end of the second quarter, the RMB was raised by 4.45-142.27 per cent, the loan scale was increased by 8bp to 2.49 per cent, the level of the RMB was low in the industry, and the company still had to work hard to strengthen the RMB base and further enhance the RMB ' s growth in earnings in the first half of the year, which was expected to improve significantly, and the interest gap continued to expand in the second quarter, resulting in net interest charges.
With regard to asset quality, two quarters of bad corporate production remained stable and the criteria for bad determination were more stringent, but public-sector provision coverage remained generally low, and further enhancements were needed in the future. We maintained the company’s 19/20 net profit growth rate, the asset quality was less than optimized than that of our peers, and capital replenishment remained under pressure to maintain a neutral corporate rating.
Banks are more relevant to economic development as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development. An ambitious view of economic development affects the real economy’s performance and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Uncertainty and follow-up still require close attention to the dynamics of the economy.