Méri Medical (300760.sz) net return to mother ' s profit increased by 20 per cent in 2021, the head of the national machinery went to the world, the epidemic remained stable in the country as a whole, and routine clinical activities in hospitals and the company ' s operations were restored to normal.
Routine procurement needs are gradually recovering. The number of regular consultations overseas has also largely returned to pre-epidemiological levels, and with the significant increase in corporate brand influence and visibility, international in vitro diagnostics and medical imagery routine operations, new infrastructure and import substitution; international revenues of $10.10 billion (+0.96%) have made a successful breakthrough of more than 700 million.
In vitro diagnostic titles are growing, life information is still growing steadily on a high base, and video operations are being quickly repaired. This is largely due to the gradual development of new medical infrastructure in the country, which is dominated by the expansion of large public hospitals.
From a market perspective, the market space for new domestic medical infrastructure exceeds 20 billion yuan; 33.43 per cent of in vitro diagnostics, yielding revenue of 8.449 billion yuan (+27.12 per cent), sustained global recovery in routine consultations, medical examinations, surgeries, and significant recovery in conventional reagent consumption, benefiting from the high end fluorescent 5 classification,
Bc-7500crp, a blood sample with a high-speed co-check, is fast-moving; medical video operations account for 21.47 per cent, yielding $5.426 billion (+29.29 per cent), and companies accelerate high-end breakthroughs in traditional ultrasound and emerging clinical rooms in the courtyard, with level II and III hospitals
Gross net interest rates have stabilized, and R&D costs have increased further. The Māori sales rate was 65.01% in 2021.
The company continues to reduce efficiency gains, with a net interest rate of 31.67 per cent on sales and a steady level of profitability. Research and development investments are high.
“Mary Medical Care — 300760-2020 — Quarterly Review: Overseas Plus New Capabilities.” Quality of cash flow in companies is good and income per capita is high (1.72 million people).
“Mary Medical – 300760-2020 mid-point evaluation: performance exceeded expectations, anti-epidemic products investment proposal: small adjustment of profit projections, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings.
The overall situation remained stable, and the routine clinical activities of hospitals and the company’s operations gradually restored normality, restoring demand for routine diagnostic procurement, such as ultrasound, blood cells, biochemistry, and chemical luminescence. The overseas epidemic, though still ongoing, is still a constant problem.
However, conventional consultations abroad have largely returned to pre-epidemiological levels, and as the corporate brand influence and visibility have increased significantly, the international in vitro diagnostic and medical imagery routine has recovered rapidly, so the in vitro diagnosis and medical imaging operations have grown at a high rate during the reporting period.
For billions of yuan (+0.96 per cent), products succeeded in breaking through more than 700 new high-end medical institutions, continuing the trend of high-end break-ups abroad, and further tightening the market position by achieving horizontal breakthroughs for more than 700 high-end clients, of which North America earned 1,872 million, an increase of 11.7 per cent compared with the previous year, and Europe received 2,268 million, a decline of 1.6 per cent compared with the previous year.
The high rate of growth in the 2021q1 countries has been driven by new medical infrastructure and routine diagnostic repairs, with in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, and continuing breakthroughs in high-end markets. The North American market has benefited from major breakthroughs in high-end medical consortium clients.
In vitro diagnostics have grown, life information has continued to grow steadily on a high base, and video operations have been rapidly restored. Life information and support operations accounted for 44.14 per cent of the total in 2021 and generated 11,153 million yuan, representing an increase of 11.5 per cent; In vitro diagnostic operations accounted for 33.43 per cent, generating an operating income of 8,449 million yuan, representing an increase of 27.12 per cent in medicine.
Image operations accounted for 21.47 per cent and generated income of $5.426 billion, an increase of 29.29 per cent over the same period. Life information and support operations: 44.4 per cent of corporate life information and support business income in 2021.
50% increase, with a higher base, but still good growth in 2021, largely as a result of the gradual development of the country’s new health infrastructure, which is dominated by the expansion of large public hospitals. From a market point of view, the market space for new medical infrastructure in the country is more than $20 billion.
Improved corporate-wide solutions and smart medicine's Tri-Swiss ecosystem, which effectively boosts corporate success rates and customer stickyness. Each product is sold at a rate of increase in custody (-1.01%) and non-epidemiological products from anaesthetic machines are recovering during the reporting period, including seed industries such as aed and micro-surgery.
High rate of growth in all cases: In vitro diagnostic operations: 33.43 per cent of the company ' s income from the in vitro diagnostics business in 2021, operating income achieved, medical consultations, medical examinations, sustained surgeries and significant recovery in the consumption of conventional reagents, while benefiting from them
The high-end fluorescent 5 classification, full automatic endside blood samples, high-speed crp co-mapping, bc-7500crp, a new product that has led to a high-speed increase in in vitro diagnostics. For the first time, the company's blood cell business has gone beyond import brands to top in the country.
The autocellular morphology analyser mc-80, the high-end complete biochemistry analyser bs-2800m, the high-end autochemical luminum analyser cl-8000i, etc., will be launched this year with a new generation of high-end condensation analysers and an accompanying reagent, and it is hoped that new explosives will continue to be built.
Automation, intelligence, and standardization of aid laboratories are accompanied by more valuable diagnostics for clinical purposes. The merger and acquisition of antigen antibody suppliers hytest was completed in 2021, raising the core competitiveness of the public administration ivd operations.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 29.29 per cent over the same year, and a Māori rate of 66.34 per cent (+0.16 pp). As conventional consultations and medical examinations are gradually restored worldwide, ultrasound purchases are restored to normal, driving the recovery of medical video operations to high levels of recovery.
The third level of hospital accounts for the country’s ultrasound revenues, and for the first time, the company’s ultrasound business has become the second largest in the country. In Europe, CIS, Latin America, and other markets, the company carries the ultrasound machines at the end of the mx and me departments.
The company will continue to develop clinical solutions such as obstetrics, cardiovasculars, anesthesia, intervention, and, through technological accumulations in ultra-high-end ultrasound, achieve a full-scale surge in the high-end client community.
The number of hospitals has accumulated more than 200, and in 2021 only more than 150 were added, with rapid growth, and many of the top hospitals have been installed in Beijing, such as the Association and Hospital, the Shanghai Hospital, the Shanghai Hospital, Wuhan-Yonzi Hospital, and Hunan-Yan-Yan Hospital.
More than 1,100 units have been installed, with a high speed of installation, and the network of installed hospitals includes the Shenzhen People’s Hospital in the Shenzhen Poan district, the First Hospital attached to Nakayama University, and the Hua Yunwu Steel General Hospital. The “Mary Inspector” laboratory at it has installed nearly 60 hospitals throughout the country, 60% of which are level III hospitals.
At the end of 2021, the number of company registrations for medical devices reached 879 and 163 were added during the year. Figure 5: Income and acceleration of life information and support operations (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 6: Revenue and acceleration of in vitro diagnostic operations (in billions, per cent)
The cash flow of the company remains healthy in quality, with a net operating cash flow ratio of 1.12 to the net profit margin. The stock turnover rate has been on the upward trend in recent years, with a generally robust turnover rate and healthy company marketing.
Investment in research and development has increased further, and patent innovation and technological upgrading are the lifelines of medical equipment enterprises. In 2021, R & D investment by the Public Administration reached $2.7 billion (+30.08%), representing 10.79% of income.
Launched a global resource-based research and development innovation platform, with 10 top R & D centres with 3,492 R & D engineers in Shenzhen, Wuhan, Nanjing, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey, Seattle, and Europe. The project is well under way, and the project of the Wuhan Academy of the company is going to be the first to be built.
Two major research and development centers, opening a new path to Mairie’s autonomous innovation and development. The company’s research and development team is continuing to explore the no-man’s-land of cutting-edge medical science and technology and expanding the innovation boundaries of medical devices around the company’s accumulated reserves of more than 7,400 patents and 5308 patents for inventions.
In 2021, companies and Dalians won the second prize for annual national technology inventions. The company “A method and device for ultrasound imaging” received the eighth award for the twenty-second mid-year award for scientific and technological progress in Jiangsu: “Methods and devices for the identification of red cells infected with falciparums”
In 2021, the company launched a series of successful corporate solutions.
In the area of life information and support, the company has launched the “Swiss Union” ecosystem + intellectual guardianship +, vs8/9 vital signs monitor, emed defibrillator, benefusion series pump (evp/esp/eds), high-end anesthesia a8/a9, Cheng.
In the field of medical imagery, new products such as the no-breath breathing machine, the hyper-high fluorescent end-of-the-light eyeglass camera system at Hypixelr14k, the new platform Hybasev8 operating bed, the new hangbridge I of Hyportr80 and the digital 4k operating theatre were mainly introduced with the ultrasound integrated application solution “Kunlunr7” (China), and the women's and children's application of the solution “Women's ponymies”
r7 (China), poc high-end flatboard superte9 (global), high-end notebook overm10 (China), medium-low-end desktop superdc-70 cutting wave solution (global), medium-end portable mx/me series extension multiple applications, high-end movement of new products such as drmobieye 700/750/800 series (China); in vitro
In the area of diagnosis, new products such as the full-automatic cell morphology analyser mc-80, the high-end full-automatic biochemistry analyserbs-2800m, the high-end fully automated chemical luminous immunology analysercl-8000i, the full-automatic blood cell analyser bc-7500cs and the full-automatic urine analysis unit eu-5600.
Companies have developed advanced quality management and smart manufacturing systems. Companies have always adhered to product quality standards.
The manufacturing base of more than 300,000 square metres meets the production demand for global sales. Companies have also introduced a medical product innovation (mpi) process to improve research and development efficiency across the whole life cycle through management and e-platforms, and to create R & D and manufacturing linkages.
Companies have established a global marketing system for deep coverage and professional services. There are 3,540 marketing workers, with branches in more than 30 provinces and autonomous regions of the country. Companies have subsidiaries in more than 30 countries abroad, with products in more than 190 countries and regions.
Procuring organizations vizient, premier, intalere (former amitnet) and hpg, the project covers nearly 10,000 end-of-life medical institutions in North America; in addition, in the United States, the company serves more than 70% of Idn medical associates and has established long-term partnerships with a number of large Idn medical associations, including hcahealthcare, kaiser
In Europe, companies have adopted a sales model of “direct sales + distribution,” and products continue to enter high-end medical groups in Europe, general hospitals, and specialized hospitals. Investment proposals: a small adjustment of profit forecasts and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
The company benefits domestically from the need for and product upgrading of medical equipment from the new infrastructure of medical care, as well as accelerating the expansion of high-end hospitals overseas. The in vitro diagnostics business has grown, life information and support operations and medical imagery have grown robustly, and innovative operations such as micro-surgery, orthotics, have been released at a high rate, driving income to 20%.
High-speed growth, scale effects, and higher-end product ratios contribute to a steady rise in profitability. Consider new enrichment, based on the Chinese market, and accelerate the process of internationalization abroad, with robust and rapid growth, moving from a Chinese to a global “buy-in” rating.
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future