"Medical New Capital + Overseas Outreach" double-wheel drive, head of a national machine, Murray Medical (300760.sz) 30/04/04/2022
Accelerating progress to the new steps Investment rating: Purchase (first) • New Capital for Medical Care and Overseas Development — A determinative increase in revenue, first coverage, “buy-in” rating
Since 2020, as the dividends of the country’s new health-care infrastructure policy become more visible, including a series of new health-care infrastructure projects such as the construction of the icu wards, the new expansion of public hospitals, and the construction of thousands of districts, it is expected that the company will generate close to 50 billion dollars and market increases. At the same time, the company has achieved a breakthrough of nearly 2,000 high-end hospitals overseas, through marketing.
System optimization and greater localization cooperation are expected to accelerate performance growth in emerging markets. We expect companies to take stock of the path to internationalization of the global medical giants, and companies are implementing innovative globalization strategies by taking stock of the internationalization and localization of the global medical giants, which will be important, for example, in terms of the layout of their operations.
The production, R & D, procurement, etc. are moved to target markets at the right time; in business management, the building of local entities is empowered; the organizational structure of local entities is actively incorporated into core management; in international cooperation, extensive and deep cooperation with local upstream and downstream enterprises is taking place. We believe that companies are creatively pursuing the war of globalization.
Slightly, in developed country markets, local employee operations are achieved through M&As and brand promotion is accelerating; in emerging country markets, industries are developed upstream and downstream through collaboration with local firms or local plants.
In keeping with its own product development logic, the company is growing and growing around three main areas. (1) The area of life information and support.
In the field of medical imagery, companies further consolidate the barriers to competition in low- and medium-level markets and accelerate the replacement share of imports in high-end, ultra-high-end areas. (4) elaborately deploy four high-end operations.
With efficient operational synergies, especially in animal medicine, the future revenue is expected to continue to rise. 1, 30 miles ahead, the top 10 days of global medical equipment can be covered by 1.1, the cutting edge of the industry of innovation and internationalization.
The Murray Medical Service was established in 1991 to develop, manufacture, market and service medical devices. The company’s main business covers three main areas: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, innovation through cutting-edge technology, and better product solutions to help the world improve medical conditions and efficiency.
After 30 years, the company has become China's largest, global leader in medical equipment and solutions.
Figure 1: Murray Medical Care, 30-carried, domestic and international high-speed developments (1) 1991-2002: three products were first conceived and distribution mode first entered the international market.
One year is devoted mainly to guardianship, and the second year is on the path of autonomous research and development. Since 1993, China's first multi-parameter monitor has been launched, and by 2002 China's first full-digit black and white ultrasound diagnostic system has been developed, as well as an all-automatic blood cell analyser. The company produces in three areas: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery.
As domestic markets expand, firms also take a very forward-looking view of globalization, adopting distribution patterns in international markets, and increasing penetration rates in low- and medium-end markets that are undervalued by Euro-American brands.
(2) 2003-2008: the domestic market has expanded and the international market has become more permeable, thanks to the country’s increased emphasis on health-care construction and the rapid growth of national health investments. At the same time, the company’s coverage in the international market has increased.
In 2006, the establishment of offices abroad began, and the effects of high value for money from products and multi-track layouts led to a growing international penetration and internationalization of companies. In 2006, the company, China’s first medical equipment firm, was listed at New York Post. In 2007, the company’s overseas earnings outpaced domestic revenues for the first time and its share of overseas income was maintained.
Internationalization was successful by 2015. (3) 2008 - 2015: M & As integrated into international high-end markets and expanded operations, companies adopted M & As as one of their growth strategies.
After the takeover, the company took up a 50% share of the market in the US market for custody of small and medium hospitals under 300 beds, and quickly entered the high end market. Between 2011 and 2014, the company acquired deep shares, Suzhou Heesheng, Zhejiang Greenland, and Changsha.
More than a dozen companies, including Man, Hangzhou Light, Wuhandbail, Shanghai Medical Light, Beijing Plyson, Zonnare, Ulco, and Shanghai Long Island, have also started seeding operations such as microsurgery and bone surgery, while constantly filling the three product lines. In 2013, the Department acquired Zonare, the leading company in the U.S. ultrasound diagnostic system, based on its advanced technology, in 2015.
At this stage, companies are leading their domestic counterparts in terms of efficiency, number of targets, and volume. The M&A strategy, on the one hand, is based on high-end equipment such as corporate custodians and ultrasound, with the main objective of acquiring technological resources, higher barriers, and research and development.
The longer-cycle medium- and high-end instrument industry has been able to improve its competitiveness and thus to successfully break through the international high-end market; on the other hand, the company’s product lines have become more abundant, covering all three broad areas, and synergies have been demonstrated, with operations such as microsurgery and orthopaedics, which have been pre-positioned, providing companies with the new business growth dynamics of the future.
(4) 2016-present: International and domestic double-drive, global giants are waiting for the launch in 2016 of the State Department's National Science, Technology and Innovation Plan, which states that “Accelerating the nationalization, high-end, branding of digital diagnostic equipment”, and the gradual acceleration of national production substitution has contributed to the growth of domestic operations.
In 2018, the company was listed on a deep-seated business board, becoming the leader of the domestic medical industry. In 2020, the new crown epidemic took a global turn, and companies responded quickly to market demand, based on a rapid strategic reserve of pre-existing raw materials.
The epidemic has exposed the country’s health-care grid, and the new infrastructure of medical care in the post-epidemiology era has further freed up international and domestic market demand. In the international market, it has benefited from the opportunity offered by the epidemic to expand overseas, and has successfully expanded online, relying on hard production.
After localization support for quality and professionalism, in 2021 the company completed a breakthrough in the international market of nearly 2,000 high-end hospitals, with branding ahead of at least five years. The company expects the overall growth rate in international markets, particularly in developing countries, to continue over the next three or five years, and the Chinese market to be a twin engine of growth.
There is much room for growth in overseas markets. Corporate revenue was $2.4 billion in 2019, ranking 34th in the global ranking of medical equipment companies. Companies are expected to be driven by “foreign exports and domestic substitution” and to enhance their layout: 30 products have been progressively improved and domestic international markets have been upgraded.
1.2 With its own product logic and its three main areas of co-development, and with its own product development logic, with its customer-driven focus on the needs of its clients, and with its combined consideration of technological relevance and synergies, the company is expanding and expanding around the three main areas of life information and support, in vitro diagnosis and medical imagery, and is now the best in China.
1.2.1 In the area of life information and support, efforts have been made to cover the needs of the surgical period.
Anaesthetic machines, respirators, electrocardiogram machines, surgical beds, surgical lamps, chandelier stubble bridges, injection pumps, tremors, micro-inventive surgical series of products, etc., have continued to enrich the product lines and are committed to covering the entire post-operative process of pre-operative surgery and providing a holistic solution for the operating room/heavy care room (or/icu).
Figure 3: The company ' s life information and support area product lines continue to flourish, and the company is committed to covering the purse-out period. In 2019, the company launched the "it solution " of the Life Information and Support Business Block - SWF System, which interconnects bedside equipment by means of information, data collection integration, equipment homogeneity database construction and data search and application.
The UIF system enables connectivity and breaks the Information Islands. Interconnectivity between devices is achieved through the Internet of things, and all information equipment data are linked to the hospital equipment management system through a single interface (benelink interconnection module) to facilitate data collection integration.
The facilities are used efficiently to improve clinical work and equipment management.
Access to follow-up and isolation wards greatly improves clinical efficiency and patient care safety; systematic integration of data collection and real-time queries make it easier for off-the-hospital cell phones to view first-line guidance, remote consultations across the yard, etc.: real-time monitoring of equipment-based information also helps hospitals to refine equipment management and optimize equipment efficiency.
Based on the full layout of the company’s product lines, the U. S.U. has continued to develop its applications, and has now introduced a number of scenarios, including full-time, severe, round-the-clock, emergency, cardiology, universal care. The programme aims to improve the management and operation of health-care institutions by means of information, including the Beijing Coordinating Committee.
By the end of 2021, the programme had achieved a cumulative increase of over 200 single hospitals and 150 new ones in 2021.
In the area of in vitro diagnosis, the company provides laboratories, clinics and hospitals with a range of fully automated and semi-automatic in vitro diagnostic instruments and related reagents, blood cell analysers, biochemical analysers, chemical photoimmunizers, condenser analysers, urine analysers, microbiological diagnostic systems, etc., and related reagents to cover the eight major routine tests.
Diagnosis instruments and reagents, and tailor-made package solutions based on the different clinical needs of each level-I hospital, such as the Mereshi Van Laboratory, the Murray Standard Laboratory, and the Murray Standard Laboratory.
Based on the company's practice of establishing 20 model laboratories, 200 standardized laboratories and 200 standardized laboratories over five years, the company released the Murray's Science Laboratory solution in March 2021, which promotes the development of smart chemistry - cloud intelligence - and innovation and integration development - along with the realization of a lean efficiency enhancement — “censorship tolerance”.
"Inspection" is achieved at the Murray 'Inspection Laboratory. A full flow-based network of many management elements, such as human-mechanical and legal cycling in the medical laboratory, is used as a basis for the launch of a quality control management system that allows for the efficient verification of the daily quality-control-related instrument status;
Reagent management system, with reagent management typified from the supplier to the laboratory storeroom, room refrigerators, detection systems; introduction of smart screens to facilitate intelligent real-time analysis of fed information and alerts, and intelligent aggregation of mass control reports.
- Build a cloud viewer and cloud intelligence system on the solution of the streaming water line, enabling the development of a cross-academic professional exchange community and a learning platform, and promoting the development of "Cloud Smart" and "Swiss without Borders".
Clouds can break time and space constraints, allowing medical staff to organize their studies in a dynamic and autonomous manner. Inter-institutional, interdisciplinary and ongoing efforts to create new integrations and expand borders. Optimizing testing processes and higher market recognition.
To improve the quality of management, and also to improve the level of diagnosis for multidisciplinary integration of difficult-to-see films. As an integrated testing system, the overall programme of intelligent diagnosis and treatment of professional int-clouds has gained significant advantages, and has been marketed, and nearly 60 per cent of the hospitals have been installed throughout the country, 60 per cent of which are level III hospitals, including the one attached to the University of Siam, the Changan Hospital, and the one attached to the University of Siam.
The Wuhan University of Science and Technology attached to the Tianyu Hospital, the Sichuan Oncology Hospital, the Sichuan People's Hospital, the East Mansion District, the Shenzhen City Maternal and Child Protection Hospital, the Shenzhen City Health Hospital, the Shenzhen City First People's Hospital, etc.
1.2.3. In the field of medical imaging, reasonable layout meets market demand. Currently, medical imaging equipment with broader clinical applications includes x-ray imaging systems (xr), computer sculpting (ct), magnetic resonance imaging systems (mri) and ultrasound diagnostic systems.
In terms of nature, cost, technology, etc., companies have made trade-offs and reasonable layouts, focused on ultrasound diagnostic equipment and X-ray imaging systems (xr) and launched the "Swig ++" video cloud service platform.
In 2020, the company launched the `Swilight Cloud++' Imaging Clouds service platform, which provides a stereo-based interactive medium for ultrasound medical practitioners through a cloud-end eco-application platform that connects Merry video equipment and users, and uses the Torisync multi-circuit video technology for simultaneous live broadcast and u-link instantaneous access to image technology.
In the context of the epidemic, the advantage of the "Swig ++" image platform has been demonstrated, and coverage has accelerated, with tele-teaching training/meetings in the medical complex/linkages for ultrasound control, Poc units integrated with ultrasound operations, case discussions and cloud-based community discussions.
This program enables ultrasound medical workers to interact remotely on the basis of their condition, to help upgrade the overall level of medical consultations in the community/communist community, and, along with the expansion of the application landscape, to contribute in the future to further fine-tuning the management of chronic diseases and to reducing the uneven distribution of medical resources.
Figure 9: Synchronization of the Isync audio streaming technology of "Swiss Shadows ++" is real. Figure 10: "Swiss Clouds ++" u-links instantaneous acquisition of image technology with one key to a robust, high-real-time ultrasound image collection and transmission.
Quick-share high-resolution images to terminal device hdmi shading ++
As soon as it was launched, it was widely recognized. By the end of 2021, there were more than 1,300 cumulative loaders, and in 2021 more than 1,100 new loaders were installed.
In 2021, Suh-yun+ achieved an increase of 182% in the number of new users, 218% in the number of active users, and the landing project has covered more than 20 provinces, cities and autonomous regions of China.
The founders of the company are Mr. Li Sitting, Mr. Seo-hing, Mr. Sung-ming and Mr. Seong-ming, who have been in the business for more than 30 years.
Early entry, professional coverage management, e-technology, marketing, application of information and engineering, biomedical engineering, jurisprudence, etc., with a diverse and cross-cutting background, moving up from a more foundation-based business sector to medical technology and management experience. Corporate management structures are more stable, facilitating strategic coherence and implementation, and laying the foundation for sustained corporate growth.
A good governance environment was established. As of 12 January 2022, Mr. Li Sitting indirectly held 26.9% of the company ' s shares through the smartcodevelopment, Mr. Xu Hong indirectly held 24.43% of the company ' s shares through Magnifice(hk)limited, both acting in concert, and 3.38% and 3.38%, respectively, via the wise and wisefu.
The three founders of the company, Mr. Li Sitting, Mr. Xu Hong and Mr. Sung Ming, hold 3000 per cent, 27.24 per cent and 4.40 per cent of the company’s shares, respectively, to ensure consistency with the company’s interests.
On 19 January 2022, the company issued a draft employee holding plan for 2022. The employee holding plan was designed for a core workforce and technical cadre of up to 2,700 persons, or 23%. As of 1 September 2021, the company acquired the shares of the company by a centralized competitive transaction to implement the equity incentive.
This employee-holding plan helps to fully motivate staff and improve team cohesion. Performance ratings show firm confidence in future performance growth and development prospects, as compared with 2021, when the net return profit growth rate for 2022-2024 was no less than 20%, 44%, and 73%, respectively.
1.4. Sustained high levels of R & D inputs, strong production power, sustained ownership of innovation R & D, and global deployment of research centers. Companies have always maintained autonomous R & D models since their inception. Companies insist on "customer-oriented" and "parallel engineering" as the two main pillars of the R & D system, responding to market demand.
The company is building up a comprehensive system of development innovation - medical product innovation mpi (medical innovation), clearly defining the responsibilities of cross-functional governance teams at all levels, standardizing the development management process.
The company currently has 10 major R & D centers with global layouts in Shenzhen, Wuhan, Nanjing, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey, Seattle and Europe.
At the end of 2021, there were 3,492 R & D engineers, representing 23.78% of the total workforce, leading the industry. At the same time, 7,631 patents were applied to companies, including 5,472 patents for inventions; and 3,555 patents were authorized.
At the same time, based on strong scientific power and advanced technology, companies have continued to roll out a range of innovative products and solutions of significant clinical value around three product lines, which have allowed product lines to rejuvenate. 1.5, new infrastructure promotes market expansion, and conventional demand resumes business growth.
In addition to this, the demand for non-epidemiological-related operations, which have been curbed by the epidemic, has been gradually recovering, and there has been a high rate of growth in both the aed and micro-surgery seed industries. The company’s in vitro diagnostic operations achieved operating income of $844,862.66 million in 2021, an increase of 27.12% over the previous year.
The recovery in conventional reagent consumption, driven by routine diagnostics, medical examinations, surgical recovery, and the rapid increase in the company ' s in vitro diagnostic operations, thanks to a combination of high-end fluorescent five, full automatic end-of-life blood samples, high-speed crp combined bc-7500crp, which is a new explosive product. In 2021, for the first time, the company ' s blood cell operations grew rapidly.
The company’s medical image business achieved business income of $542,551.15 million in 2021, an increase of 29.29%. With the gradual resumption of routine, medical and ultrasound procurement activities around the world, the medical image business has resumed.
1.6. International, two-wheel-drive performance growth, both domestic and international markets maintained high positive growth between 2014 and 2018 in regional dimensions, and international markets grew rapidly between 2019 and 2020, increasing their contribution to income and benefiting from the epidemic
In 2021, the new crown epidemic posed a major challenge to the health and health systems of countries around the world, leading to increased attention to medical treatment. At the national and international levels, local outbreaks and business recovery are becoming more normal.
The new post-construction infrastructure will stimulate further release of demand for equipment, with international and domestic markets driven by two-wheel drive, a joint push of 1.7, sustained improvements in business efficiency and a steady improvement in profitability between 2014 and the first quarter of 2022, with company Māori rates remaining almost 65 per cent, accompanied by good cost controls.
With increased business income and increased efficiency, net interest rates on corporate sales rose steadily, reaching 31.67 per cent in 2021, and figure 19: Corporate efficiency is improving and cost rates are decreasing.
2.1. The global market for medical devices has grown steadily, with a high market ceiling, with a compound growth rate of 4.3 per cent from 2015 to 2020 and a slight decline in the size of the global market for medical devices in 2020 affected by the epidemic from 2019 to the future, according to the statistics and projections of the Advisory Survey.
On the one hand, the global demand for health care has been rising and the overall market has grown steadily; on the other hand, the market for medical equipment has been fragmented, and medical equipment firms can expand their growth space by expanding their operating boundaries and enriching their product base. Overall, the global market for medical equipment has a high and very growing ceiling.
2.2 The domestic market for medical equipment has grown at a faster rate than the global market, and the market for medical equipment in China has begun to grow at a slower pace than in the global market.
20%, 11.2%, which is much higher than the rate of growth in the global market. In 2020, China ' s medical equipment market stood at 77,883 million yuan.
On 8 September 2015, the Office of the State Council issued Guidance for the Promotion of the System of Classifications.
With the rational allocation of medical resources, medical resources have been sunk and patients have been admitted to primary health-care facilities. Our primary health-care facilities have been under-equipped, and the implementation of the graded medical care system has been conducive to the further release of market demand.
(2) As early as 2014, the China Medical Equipment Association (CMA) issued the "Announcement on the Selection of Products for Excellent Nationally Produced Medical Equipment", which is reflected in the "Selection of Products for Excellent Nationally Produced Medical Equipment and the Development of a Directory of Excellent Products".
In 2016, in the State Council's “13th Five-Year National Science and Technology Innovation Plan” it was proposed that “accelerating the nationalization, high-end, branding of digital diagnostic equipment”, and in 2017 the Office of the Ministry of Technology published the “13th Five-Year Plan for Scientific and Technological Innovation in Medical Devices” explicitly stated that “breathing a number of”
In order to reverse the current situation of international branding of China's medical market, the State has introduced a number of policies in recent years that have led to the emergence of specific policies in various provinces and cities.
In 2015, the National Development and Reform Commission launched a report on the implementation of the Programme for Enhancing the Core Competitiveness of Manufacturing Industries.
In the Circular, it was emphasized that “accelerating the upgrading of our manufacturing industry, seeking to take the lead in the priority areas of high-end medical devices, orbital transport in a relatively short period of time, industrializing a number of critical technologies, forming a number of leading companies with national influence, building a group of famous brands made in China”, and encouraging innovation in the field of high-end medical care.
In 2021, the newly revised Regulations on the Management of Medical Devices were formally implemented. The New Deal encouraged the development of medical devices, incorporating innovations in medical devices into policy development priorities, giving priority to the review and approval of innovative medical devices and strengthening medical services.
Policies facilitate innovation in research and research in enterprises, and the benefits of strong technologically powerful enterprises are evident in terms of enhancing their market competitiveness.
(4) In June 2017, the Office of the State Council, in its Guidance for the Further Development of the Reform of the Method of Payment for Basic Health Insurance, proposed the full implementation of multiple and complex health insurance payments based on disease, starting in 2017.
The reform of the method of payment on the basis of a cost item to a disease-based payment can guarantee the rights of the insured, control the unjustified expenditure of the health-care fund, regulate the behaviour of the medical service, and control the unjustified increase in the cost of medical care. The piloting of the method of payment on the basis of disease has been carried out in both the form of drig and dip.
During recent years, Drg/dip has been gradually piloting two different types of payments to promote changes in the way health care is paid. The direct aim of the reforms is to regulate the behaviour of health services and to control unjustified increases in health-care costs.
Under this, the hospital will place greater emphasis on clinical efficiency and cost control, and the budget allocated to the purchase of medical equipment will be further reduced in the event of increased pressure on hospital finances and health insurance funds, thus accelerating the replacement of high-priced national products and good-quality domestic manufacturers of medical equipment.
Table 2: An orderly advance in the reform of the way health insurance is paid (5) The collection policy is conducive to a rapid expansion of the market share of the products of the national production flagship.
On 29 September 2021, the Nanjing Medical Insurance Agency organized a coalition of Nanjing regional medical institutions.
The overall price negotiations with Méri Medical Care included two major products, the in vitro diagnostic reagents and some osteoporosis, with an overall reduction of 35.51%. Both grg/dip and the collection, the main purpose of which was to cover the cost of health care for a population of 1.4 billion, to enable the Government to cover the cost of health care for a population of 1.4 billion, to provide hospitals with good quality products and to deal with the population.
The company has the leading core technology and product power in the country, with high-quality products, adequate output, improved customer coverage and efficient management, and has achieved a number of win-win results for the government, hospitals, patients, and manufacturers through a rapid increase in market ownership.
The overall price negotiations for the collection and the Nanjing vd reagent and osteoporology operations resulted in an accelerated entry of the company's vd instrument, a further increase in the national production rate, a significant increase in the proportion of high-end machines, and an increase in the company's growth in Anhui and Nanjing, both of which will increase significantly in terms of equipment and reagent revenues.
Between November 11, 2021 and March 28, 2022, a total of 288 new chemical luminous detection platforms were introduced in the market. Of these, 104 were acquired by Murray Medical Services and 83 are currently installed, accounting for 36.1 per cent of the total new market load, more than one third of the total market capacity and 50 per cent.
The newly installed machines were installed at Trina Hospital, basically replacing the Rhodes de-marked clinical testing project, and the client’s use was good. We believe that the Angé collection is responsive to the country’s general orientation, that implementation in situ is more effective, that the application of clinical terminals has little impact, that they are accessible, implementable, replicable.
In December 2021, 10 ministries, including the Ministry of Industry and Informatics, jointly issued the 14th Five-Year Medical Equipment Industry.
Development planning (hereinafter referred to as “Plan”) sets out the “7556” approach, which focuses on seven priority areas, the deployment of five priority tasks, the implementation of five specific actions, and the introduction of six safeguards to advance the objectives of the medical equipment industry.
These include: (1) diagnostic tests and therapeutic equipment, with a focus on a new generation of medical imaging equipment, and the promotion of medical imaging and the development of related basic materials and components. In the field of treatment, oncology treatment equipment, surgical robotics and physiotherapy equipment will be prioritized. (2) Guardianship and life support equipment, self-researched vital signs monitoring sensors.
The equipment will be upgraded to smart, systematized, technologically high-tech equipment that will help.
New Capital for Medical + Overseas Outreach to assist in the development of national production equipment. 3.1. New Capital for Medical Services promotes market expansion, and Murray has become the largest beneficiary, along with follow-up outbreak prevention and control, and the country's ongoing policy on health-care systems.
Instructions and financial support for the implementation of the new health-care infrastructure: Table 3: The State has adopted a number of policies to provide guidance and financial support for the development of the health-care system.
Implementation programme. By 2025, together with central and local efforts, the programme will have achieved a comprehensive, well-structured, well-defined, functionally complementary, closely coordinated and efficient, efficient and resilient health service delivery system; a significant increase in the level of response to major epidemic prevention and treatment and public health emergencies in the country.
Significant progress has been made in the construction of major health centres, regional health centres, etc., with a significant increase in the capacity for a full cycle of health care and security, a more robust system of Chinese medicine and medicine services, and efforts to bring the population closer to a fair, equitable and systematic continuum of quality health services.
Upgrading of facilities for the prevention and treatment of communicable diseases, construction of a sufficient number of stress wards, transitionable intensive care areas, conversion hospitals, strengthening of facilities such as anatomy rooms for infectious diseases, clinical teaching rooms, emergency material storage spaces, medical equipment such as respirators, ecmo, mobile ct, isolation transfer devices for infectious diseases, etc.
This will further increase the demand for medical equipment in our health-care institutions and facilitate the development of the industry. Table 4: “145.
Under the macro-level policy, the provinces have also stepped up the development of local health-care systems. The provinces and municipalities have accelerated the development of new health-care infrastructure, with financial support.
Procurement requirements are mostly dominated by large-scale projects at the university level, with the company ' s three main lines of operation covering equipment needs such as icu, CDCs, Infectious Diseases Hospitals, etc., while at the same time providing a holistic solution to the general unit based on well-established products, better matching the new base of (1)icu wards with increased space in the medical equipment industry amounting to $23.2 billion.
Since March 2020, the domestic market has increased its efforts to build icu wards, infectious disease hospitals, heat clinics, etc.
It has jointly published the Capacity-Building Programme for Public Health Prevention and Control, which states that it is urgent to strengthen public health-care institutions to effectively improve the country's capacity to prevent and treat major diseases, in the face of a dangerous future situation at home and abroad. The policy proposes “Modernization of the disease prevention and control system”, “A comprehensive upgrading of the county level”
The five building objectives are to “enhanced and improved network for the treatment of communicable diseases in the cities”, “renovation and upgrading of facilities for the treatment of major diseases” and “promotion of public facilities for the two-fold rehabilitation” of hospitals at the county level.
Equipment such as the inhaler, ecmo, etc., “Replacement of a certain amount of materials for the treatment of patients with severe illnesses, general patient supervision, equipment for the square-cabin hospital”, “Reconciliation of equipment for testing and testing” for district hospitals, municipal medical institutions and critical provincial disease treatment bases, etc. (icu)
The increase in the number of beds and the stock of emergency supplies at the provincial major outbreak treatment bases is estimated to result in an increase of $23.2 billion in the size of the domestic market for medical equipment.
(ii) Quality development projects in public hospitals are expected to result in an increase in the market of $5.72 billion.
Large-scale medical equipment is pre-positioned. For the national regional medical centres, which have been planned, emphasis is placed on strengthening the construction of operational buildings, the acquisition of medical equipment, the development of information and scientific platforms, the establishment of telemedicine and educational platforms, and the acceleration of diagnostic kits, with a view to upgrading them.
Local health centres, upgrading of large equipment and strengthening of the construction of intelligent hospitals. (3) The “Kill District Project” implemented a graded clinic, releasing business opportunities amounting to $10 billion. On 21 October 2021, at a press conference of the National Health Council, the leaders stressed the importance of the 14th Five-Year Plan.
During this period, further attention should be given to the construction of national medical centres and regional medical centres, “building on the 10 national medical centres and 26 regional medical centres already deployed, to cover all provinces by the year 2023, with the completion of basic construction at the end of the `1455' period”, and the construction of some 120 provinces during the `1455' period
Regional Medical Centers, “Towards a Tri-A Hospital in every municipality”, “Promotion of the arrival of a group of district hospitals to level III hospitals by 2025.” Subsequently, on 27 October 2021, the National Board of Health and Hygiene issued an update on the overall capacity of the District Hospital “Kill District Works”
Work programme (2021-2025), aimed at “promoting the sinking of high-quality health-care resources into the district areas, combining the upgrading of district hospitals, filling the short slate of medical services and management capacity in the district hospitals, progressively moving towards the integration and sharing of medical resources within the district areas”, upgrading the capacity of district hospitals to meet the basic health-care needs of district residents, objectives
By 2025, at least 1,000 district hospitals in the country had reached the level of capacity of level III hospital services, and the document proposed that “Ito county hospitals should build five centres for clinical services such as oncology control, slow-mortality management, micro-incidental intervention, anaesthetic pain diagnosis, intensive care” and “further strengthening of chest pains, pawns, traumas, and serious maternal care and risk management”
5 Centres for Emergency Emergency Relief, including Emergency Care for Children and Neonatal Care, “Recontinuing Improvement of Hardware Conditions”, “Five Centres for the Sharing of Resources for the Construction of Interconnected Medical Examinations, Medical Images, Telecardial Diagnosis, Pathology and Disinfection at District Hospitals using the District Medical Community as a Carrier”, to be further released in the future for the construction and investment of hospitals and medical institutions at the district level and below
The company is expected to benefit from the expansion of the market brought about by the “Kill District Plan” with the full coverage of product lines and a solid mid- to low-end market penetration. The rate of subsidy for district hospitals under the “145” Quality and Efficient Health Services Programme is 50 million yuan/household, with a total subsidy of 50 billion yuan.
Assuming 20% of the funds spent on procurement, the business opportunities released would amount to $10 billion. (4) The construction of the Central Hospital and the Women's Health Care Institute is expected to result in an increase of $8.47 billion in equipment purchases.
The capacity of Chinese medicine and health services has been significantly enhanced, the Chinese medicine policy and system of quality development has been further refined, Chinese medicine has been revitalized with positive results, and the unique advantages of a healthy China have been fully realized. Reference is made to a step-by-step process to improve the system of Chinese medicine services.
There has been a steady improvement in the capacity of Chinese medicine at the grass-roots level, a steady increase in the level of Chinese medicine services and a significant increase in the capacity of Chinese medicine to prevent and treat new outbreaks of infectious diseases and to respond to public health emergencies.
The 14th Plan for the Development of Chinese Medicine covers the construction of hospitals in China: (1) a national centre for Chinese medicine and medicine.
The country’s high-level mid-health hospitals in the regions with a high level of medical resources serve as export hospitals and implement projects for the construction of national regional health centres to promote a balanced distribution of high-quality health-care resources.
(iv) Construction of district-level mid-level hospitals. Capacity-building of district-level mid-level hospitals is being strengthened. Support is being provided for the construction of infrastructure for district-level mid-level hospitals in poverty-eradication areas, the “tri-regions” of the three regions, the former Central Su region, and the relocation of poor-residency districts.
Construction of approximately 50 central and western medicine hospitals in collaboration with the flagship, construction of a group of central and western medicine doctors in coordination with the flagship departments and enhancement of infrastructure and equipment. (2) Central and western medicine clinical collaboration capacity-building. Continued clinical collaboration between central and western medicine, combined Chinese and western medicine operations around major and difficult diseases, infectious diseases and chronic diseases, and gradual development of a central and western medicine complex.
Criteria for the evaluation of clinical efficacy, selection of a list of priority diseases resulting in the formation of about 100 co-processing programmes for central and western medicine. The “14th Five” Programme for the Implementation of the System of Quality and Efficient Health Services refers to the promotion of the transmission of Chinese medicine. The new project refers to the construction of a national foundation for the prevention and control of diseases in the country and the construction of 35 national hospitals covering all provinces.
Epidemiological Bases, with individual projects of up to $100 million; Central West Hospital in collaboration with Flagship Hospital, construction of 50 or so Central West Hospitals in collaboration with Flagship Hospitals, enhancement of the configuration of the Chinese Medical Characteristics Facility, individual projects of up to $100 million; Construction of Central Chinese Hospital Specialized Hospitals, selection of about 130 Chinese Hospitals with distinctive characteristics, significant clinical efficacy and demonstration belts
With the result, the construction of the central hospital is expected to provide the domestic market with an expanded space of 4.3 billion yuan. The 14th Five-Year Programme for the Implementation of the System of Quality and Efficient Health Services refers to the support of 1 in each province.
The provincial maternity project is being built, and support for the construction of gynaecology and obstetrics and paediatrics has been stepped up at the district level, with one standardized maternal and child health-care institution in each province, municipality, and county.
In addition, on 15 April 2022, the National Council for Health and Welfare issued the Standards for the Equipment of Maternal and Child Health-care Institutions, which define the basic types of maternal and child health-care institutions at the secondary level.
Support, leading to greater certainty in the expansion of the medical equipment market. Taken together, the construction of the icu ward, the new expansion of hospitals, the construction of thousands of districts, and the construction of a new health-care infrastructure for women’s health-care hospitals, are expected to generate about $47.4 billion in market growth for companies during the 1445’s.
3.2. The company ' s active placement in emerging markets abroad is expected to continue China ' s roads. According to statistics from the China Health Insurance Chamber, our total imports and exports of medical equipment amounted to $55,487 million in 2019, an increase of 21.16 per cent compared to 2018. Of this amount, imports amounted to $26,785 million, an increase of 20.84 per cent over the same period; exports were increased by 20.84 per cent.
At this stage, the export of medical equipment is still dominated by medium- and low-end products, but the structure of foreign trade has continued to optimize in recent years, with an increase in the share of high-end medical equipment products, a significant increase in the value of medical supplies, and a steady improvement in quality efficiency.
ivd products, import substitution, and international market recognition are increasing, with some domestic producers appearing in international markets and opening up to advanced-country markets. With the outbreak of the new crown epidemic, countries’ increased medical investment, and the release of foreign market demand, prospects are high.
Over two decades, firms are expected to expand their markets by expanding their markets abroad. 3.2.1, with global distribution networks, international emerging markets are expected to grow faster than domestic (1) offshore markets are growing steadily, driven by market dominance in developing countries.
The company has subsidiaries in more than 30 countries internationally, has more than 190 countries and regions whose products are marketed out, and has long-standing partnerships with leading medical institutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, Germany, France, etc. Overseas markets cover Europe, North America, Latin America, Asia and the Pacific and other offshore regions, with a basic breakdown of market size.
Sustained growth, with higher market growth and rising shares in developing regions such as Latin America and Asia and the Pacific. Asia-Pacific markets grew by 40.43 per cent in 2021, becoming an important driver of overseas markets, gradually increasing their share to 8.6 per cent, with European and North American market shares declining to 9 per cent and 7.4 per cent due to lower rates of growth.
Markets in developing countries are expected to be largely responsible for the rapid growth of firms’ overseas markets. (2) Overseas markets are flourishing everywhere, allowing high-end European customers to break through and open their markets with other products, depending on local strategies.
In the European market, the company adopted a sales model of “direct marketing + distribution” whereby the company’s products continued to enter the European high-end medical treatment group, general hospitals, and specialized hospitals. In 2021, the company broke through some 130 completely new high-end clients (including high-end laboratories) and advanced a horizontal breakthrough in the operations of some 250 already high-end clients.
In the post-epidemiological era, some countries in Europe have been investing more in health care to improve their systems and meet their clinical needs, and companies have expanded their market access in Europe. Companies are gradually introducing products in Europe’s three main business areas, opening markets through sophisticated cutting edge products, and co-opting other products into the hospital.
At the same time, companies have further improved the localization of Europe, and have made a comprehensive effort to deal with the Chinese market, creating more sophisticated channels, regulatory systems, and evaluation mechanisms. Market expansion, coupled with further deepening of the company, is expected to continue to produce high-speed deep-cut milling products and steady growth in the North American market. The company has been in the North American market for more than 20 years, and has been established.
With a more sophisticated direct marketing model, the company now has over 500 localised teams in the United States, covering nearly 10,000 end-of-life medical institutions in North America. With powerful product power, the company’s products have entered two-thirds of American medical institutions, with corporate custodians, anaesthetics, and Poc ultrasound being among the three highest in the United States. In 2021, the company was in the north.
The US market has broken through high-end client groups, including the Washington University Medical Center, the St. Bernard’s Medical Center, and the Chambers Memorial Hospital. In recent years, companies have slowed down in the North American market, but North America, as a high ground for global medical equipment, plans to continue grinding and exporting mature products, are expected to grow steadily in the future.
The outbreak of the new coronary epidemic poses a major challenge to health and disease control systems around the world, exposing the weaknesses of their health systems and causing countries to pay more attention to health care, especially in developing countries.
Ping, like China a few years ago, has more market space than the European and American markets in terms of equipment holdings and per capita health spending. In this regard, the company has stepped up its construction of product and marketing organization structures. On the one hand, it has increased its research and development investment, guided by developing the clinical needs of Chinese clients, and has fully introduced the company’s product lines and overall solutions.
Programmes; on the other hand, companies re-engineer the experience of developing Chinese marketing systems in developing countries, building up matrixed organizational structures, with regions and production lines working together efficiently and effectively, while strengthening localization on the basis of the original “direct marketing plus distribution” marketing model. Based on market expansion and brand recognition, companies have increased their market recognition in developing countries.
The blood cylindrical stream marches to Brazil’s large laboratory to achieve efficient and reliable automatic testing. The cientificalab is one of the largest diagnostic laboratories in Brazil, providing clinical testing services to 26 hospitals and 883 clinics in the Brazilian public sector. The cientificalab headquarters conducts up to 9,000 blood routine tests per day, and blood regular samples are found in dozens of analysers and clinics.
In response to the problems faced by the company, the company provided it with a tailored blood-automatic resolution program - two high-performance cal 8,000 blood-ball flow lines with labxpert data analysis software.
Automation of measurements, automated blood sample re-reading, and rapid access to, and efficient management of, detection results. Customized cal 8,000 water lines automated, standardized, efficient and reliable workflows, saved human costs and made it easier for laboratories to conduct routine tests. In 2021, companies in Brazil
India’s market has a large supply of equipment, which is expected to expand at a high rate. The company has been working on the Indian market for decades, and India’s subsidiaries have been operating since 2006, with regional offices in Ghorgan, Mumbai, Chennai, and Calcutta.
India has become one of the largest and fastest growing companies in Asia-Pacific markets. With the outbreak, the Indian health system is under pressure, there is a severe shortage of medical resources, and there is a long-term shortage of medical equipment. During the August 2020 epidemic, the company was the first major new company in Pune Engineering College.
As India moves forward with its new health infrastructure, companies are expected to follow the supply gap to achieve a rapid expansion of the Indian market. Russian markets are at a very high level, making progress toward a breakthrough for their clients.
To promote localization, more than 80% of the company’s employees are local employees, providing medical treatment solutions for more than 8,000 health-care institutions throughout the country. During the epidemic, the company provided multi-purpose medical equipment such as a monitor, a respirator, a fluid pump, and an ultrasound machine for its hospitals for disease prevention and treatment.
Roth’s medical equipment market is similar to the stage of development in the domestic market, and the upgrading of treatment capacity has become a trend in its current demand, with increasing demand for micro-surgery, high-end products, and information-based solutions. Companies rely on a break-through high-end customer market, with increased market penetration, and hope for new growth in the future.
Africa’s markets have high potential, high-quality products and rapid penetration after sale. In 2002, companies entered Africa’s cities, cumulatively providing medical equipment to 50 countries, and offices have been established in five countries, including Egypt, Morocco, Kenya, South Africa, Nigeria, with over 40 local African workers and markets covering almost all of Africa.
In 2021, companies supported health-care construction in Africa, donated or provided Egypt with technologically advanced equipment at preferential prices, and built 4 training centres and 13 training schools in collaboration with the leading local universities and public teaching hospitals. The market for medical equipment in African markets had greater potential, with manufacturers of medical equipment in countries like Europe and America opening up to Africa earlier.
Markets, however, have high prices for products, and after-sales services have not kept pace. Companies have gained recognition in African markets with appropriate technology, high-value products, and good services.
(iii) The sales model is adapted to the local context, extending the depth of sales. The sales model includes both direct sales and distribution.
The distribution model, which takes advantage of the marketer’s sunk regional diffusion and rapid response, increases the breadth and depth of the area covered by the company’s products, to some extent contributing to the rapid growth of corporate revenues. For domestic markets, firms adopt marketing models that are largely marketed and directly sold.
In North American markets, companies adopt direct sales models, setting up professional direct sales teams, and four major groups in the United States.
In the European market, companies have adopted a marketing model of “direct marketing plus distribution,” and their products continue to enter high-end medical groups in Europe, general hospitals, and specialized hospitals. In developing countries, companies have adopted marketing models that are dominated by distribution and have developed well-developed and wide-ranging marketing systems.
(4) In responding to the global new crown epidemic, companies have been able to share valuable clinical experience from China, helping global health institutions to combat the new crown epidemic by setting up platforms for exchange on the line, working with national ultrasound specialists and sharing global experience.
The epidemic gave companies an opportunity to spread abroad. In 2021, the company made a breakthrough of more than 700 new high-end clients on the international market, bringing its brand forward ahead of time, benefiting from the growing reputation of international brands with strong product power.
International markets have become more permeable, driving international markets to become the same high-growth markets as domestic ones. International and domestic two-wheel drive is expected to become global leaders of medical devices. 3.2.2, the inspiration of the international giants: to insist on localizing operations, constantly permeating the upgrading of client groups.
We believe that the internationalization and expansion strategy of the world’s leading industry is useful for companies. Taking into account the internationalization and localization of many of the world’s medical giants, we have summarized the following proven strategies: (1) On the business layout, focus on the world’s industrial landscape, and shift important production, R & D, procurement, etc., to the right moment.
Standard markets to make better use of local talent resources and to respond more quickly to client needs. (2) In business management, building the organizational structure of local entities to empower them to actively engage local talent in core management, allowing local entities to move away from headquarters dependency and to make quick and effective decisions. (3) In business compliance, attention is paid to intellectual property rights, countries.
Local laws and regulations, such as home safety reviews, should be subject to a prudent trade strategy and systematic evaluation in cooperation. (4) In international cooperation in business, there is extensive and in-depth cooperation with local upstream and downstream enterprises, starting with products, deepening the farming supply chain, and eventually industrial synergies and innovation. (5) Brand development, added to international technology fairs.
Big publicity efforts to identify gaps and opportunities from the offshore market segment, to develop highly valued monoliths that quickly cut in, and to collaborate with the import of other products. Through the development of suitable explosives products and local services for overseas clients, it is becoming increasingly intrusive into high-end customers abroad, creating brand image. (6) Market expansion can be achieved through joint ventures.
In addition, cross-border M&As such as M&As that have not yet been laid out, upstream and downstream channels increase firms ' resilience to risk and provide them with high barriers to competition.
Somex Philips Healthy Life Lab, a first-time service based on science, technology and innovation, continues to infiltrate into the sea.
Outside high-end clients, branding cards.
The track, the panorama, enables Chinese consumers to use the vastness and depth of life that is “healthy” and “American”.
Chinese companies can make a joint venture by establishing ge in Beijing in 1991 and Siemens and America in 2016.
The first joint venture in the capital market, the ge-guard, was set up in Shanghai together.
Businesses, customers, and government ecosystems, and running an independent medical image to root out the international market. To upgrade the local chemical warfare medical system.
In 2016, Philips and the East China Soft Group diagnostic centre, which uses the competitiveness of financial enterprises in China.
In addition, it has invested in the establishment of the East Soft Philips Medical Facility, which is a state-of-the-art facility, such as diagnostics and in vitro diagnostics, to pay attention to the following elements: (i) the financing modality and the 34 joint ventures in various cities.