At the edge of the sword, at the foot of the home-made medical device carrier road, the investment logic: in 2020, the company became a domestic medical device plate with more than $20 billion in revenue.
In this context, the construction of the “public health” and the “quality development of public hospitals” is the objective of the new infrastructure, which is not a windstorm, but a long-term goal for the next 5-10 years.
(b) With the help of the epidemic, companies have broken through high-end hospitals, both within and outside the country, and the process of internationalization is progressing steadily; (c) seed business has developed strongly and animal medicine, micro-surgery, etc., has accelerated the seizure of the Blue Sea; (d) three traditional plates remain strong and the epidemic has passed.
Not only does it bring about an incremental need for equipment in the short term of two or three years, but it will be built over the next five years or so. Murray has a high-value equipment product, a mature “3 S” intelligence, a hospital construction program, and so on, and will benefit fully from the country’s new infrastructure.
The new capital wave. We expect that the Public Health Capacity-Building Programme for Prevention and Treatment alone will provide more than $48 billion in end-market space for Murray.
Products, horizontal expansion of the three traditional plates; micro-surgery areas, including hard mirror systems and micro-surgery, company layout microscopic surgery, targeting gold lanes such as fluorescent mirrors and high-value consumables such as ultrasound knives, abdominal mirrors, collator, etc., are longitudinal extensions of the corporate operating room's overall solution.
Sting, with its brand effects and well-developed medical services, is expected to speed up the take-off of the market. The three traditional sections of the Sanctuary Hospital operate efficiently and remain strong: “Rishge”, “River”, “Mary Care” (300760): 2021
The three solutions, Cloud++, "Swiss" and "Swiss Checker" respectively, correspond to the company's three traditional businesses, which are able to report and report for the first quarter of 2022: performance, achieving a combination of products and solutions, and helping the hospital to operate efficiently.
Sustained robust growth, significant recovery of regular business, high growth, such as the addition of more than 1,100 new installed machines in 2021. 2021 company life information and support business revenues of $11.15 billion (+11.5%, same ratio, same) and in vitro diagnosis.
After the outbreak, the market share of the company’s product lines was further increased by the fact that the base was still growing at a very high rate.
Review: Introduction of the Staff Holding Scheme, for profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the fact that the corporate backbone is strong in the country and that the medical treatment of new capital-driven end demand is increasing; 2, the epidemic has accelerated the pace of corporate internationalization; 3, new
The market is promising, and we maintain the company ' s 2022 - 2024 net profit forecast, which exceeds the expected risks, exchange gains and losses, respectively.
At the end of the year, Méri is currently ranked first in the total market value of our a-share of medical equipment plates, whose main business covers three major sections: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery. Strategic planning is clear, and the national carrier of medical equipment is starting a new journey.
After starting out as an agent for foreign manufacturers, Méri started its own innovation path for more than 30 years, specifically, 1991-2005, a differentiated market strategy: the company aimed at the weak sub-markets of large foreign manufacturers and opened up the market with its own value for innovation products. During this period, the company developed the first autonomous R & D in China.
In 2000, companies took the first step of “internationalization” by developing their own products. By 2005, they had largely developed vital information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical images of three main production lines and first-time giants.
From 2006 to 2016, M & A consolidated upgrading strategy: in 2008, M & M acquired datacope, and acquired its patient care equipment, and between 2013 M & M acquired deep-m & T, Su He-sheng, Zhejiang Green Land, Changsha Sky Man, Hangzhou Lights, Wuhand Sha Bay, Shanghai Medical Light, Zonare, ulco, Beijing Pulson.
Through mergers and acquisitions of leading offshore and offshore enterprises, Murray’s products have continued to expand to mid-to-high ends and its operations abroad. During this period, Murray launched China’s first plug-in high-end multi-parameter monitor, China’s first autonomous research and development desktop colored Doppler ultrasound system, China’s first fully autonomous, but only proprietary, double-smuggling monitor, and China’s first self-contained.
In addition, the company completed the construction of an overseas team and set up an office in Europe and Central America. Figure 2: Murray’s second stage of development: M&A I upgrading strategy
Year after year, the company introduced the primary calcium decomposition test, the heldx operating lamp, aed, and the world’s first technology-rich product in real-time visualization of the Indestructible Quantum Hepatitis. In 2020, the global epidemic raged, and the company seized the opportunity to take advantage of its superior performance in the epidemic, reaching high-end customers abroad.
Continuous output of products such as respirators, monitors, injection pumps, and the breakthrough of more than 700 high-end empty hospitals, further advancing corporate internationalization and high-end strategies.
1.2. Performance has grown steadily, with revenues reaching 20 billion orders of magnitude, with overall growth of more than 20 per cent sustained since the company was listed, with operating income reaching 25,277 billion yuan in 2021, and operating income rising at a rate that has reached the high threshold of $20 billion in 2020
According to the latest release, 2021 mettechbig 100, at the average exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi in 2020, Murray is 37th of the world’s highest medical equipment and the only Chinese company in the top 50 of the world’s medical equipment. In 2022, the company’s performance continued to grow steadily, with an operating income of 6.94 billion yuan in q1 in 2022.
The company ' s three core sections have been growing steadily since 2015, and during the epidemic, the company has obtained a large number of new orders based on a stable supply chain, mature channel capacity, and high-quality products.
After entering 2021, the growth rate of the company’s disease-related products declined, but the rate of recovery of non-infective products quickly increased, with life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery generating 111.5 per cent, and, according to the official Mérry medical data, the company’s three main business plates are leading players in this area, such as life information and other products.
Supports the guardianship below the plate, the domestic share of anaesthesia, and the third in the world; the in vitro diagnosing plate, the blood under the plate, the blood test, the blood test, the second in the country, and the global share. The chemical luminous plate has also grown to be the country’s first producer after Royabesi, and the company’s leader is evident.
1.3. The rising share of proceeds from distribution and the continuing impact of scale have led to a decline in the cost of sales, with the company ' s overall Māori rate remaining at over 60 per cent since 2014, with the three main sectors of Māori having the same weight in China supported by distribution and direct sales, with the vast majority of products distributed through the company ' s distribution networks throughout the country.
For sale, a small number of products are sold directly by companies to end-users, such as window hospitals, private groups, strategic clients, and government departments. The distribution revenue ratio has been rising, and the cost of sales has continued to decline as a result of the size of the company, which is the bulk of the company.
More than 8.5%. The company as a whole is properly controlled, while the Māori rate remains high over time, highlighting the company’s excellent management capacity as a domestic medical device.
The outbreak of the disease in 2020 exposed, to varying degrees, the weaknesses and weaknesses of major disease prevention and control mechanisms, public health and emergency management systems around the world. With the gradual control of the epidemic in the country, the country began to grow.
In May 2020, the National Development and Rehabilitation Council issued the Programme for Capacity-Building in Public Health Prevention and Control (hereinafter referred to as the Programme), and in July 2020, the Health and Welfare Board issued a circular on improving the prevention and control of infections in fever clinics and health-care institutions, opening a new health infrastructure dominated by the expansion of large public hospitals.
2.1. The epidemic is refracturing the country ' s inadequate medical resources. Medical resources are the sum of the factors of production that provide medical services, usually including personnel, medical costs, medical equipment, medical beds, medical facilities and equipment, intellectual skills and information.
According to the National Statistical Office, health costs in 2020 amounted to $721.7 billion, while the combined increase in health costs between 2010 and 2020 was 13.7 per cent, and the share of health costs in gdp rose from 4.89 per cent in 2010.
7.10 per cent in 2020. The number of hospitals at all levels of the country has also increased significantly in terms of the number of medical institutions. In 2020, the total number of hospitals at all levels amounted to 3,5394, of which 2,996 at the tertiary level, 10404 at the secondary level, 12252 at the first level, representing a 10-year complex growth rate of 5.4 per cent, 8.8 per cent, 4.9 per cent and 8.8 per cent, respectively.
Figure 12: Number of hospitals at all levels in the country (in thousands), although our health resources have generally improved considerably, there is still a significant gap between developed countries such as Europe and the United States. In the fight against the epidemic, the critical medical departments of our hospitals played an important role, but at the same time they were violent.
Even Wuhan, with relatively well-developed medical resources, still faces a severe shortage of medical resources and needs support across the country in the face of a major epidemic. As the standard of hospital beds is much higher than the standard, the ratio of hospital beds can be used as a measure of the country’s health.
The number of beds in the country amounted to 63,527 in 2020, an increase of 11.1 per cent in the same year, and a combined growth rate of 16.4 per cent in 2010-2020. Given our large population, the number of beds per 100,000 inhabitants in 2020 was only 4.5, not only significantly lower than in Korea, in 2019, and far from the developed countries of Europe and Europe, in 2017-2018.
Ping still has four to five times the growth space. 2.2. New capital programmes are in place, leading to an increase in the demand for medical equipment.
The Public Health Capacity Building Programme for Prevention and Control of Pneumonia Epidemics, which explicitly focuses on public health in the light of exposure to the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, particularly in terms of critical disease prevention and treatment capacity, adapting the distribution of health resources, focusing on capacity-building, and filling the gaps. Since then, the new health infrastructure has been officially launched, and national and local governments have launched a policy response to this problem.
At the beginning of 2021, most of the country’s provinces and cities identified a priority construction investment plan for 2021, with Shanghai, Hebei, Sichuan and other provinces and cities having published a list of priority construction projects for 2021, including infrastructure, health system development, human well-being improvement, and scientific and technological innovation.
The four main objectives of the Public Health Capacity-Building Programme for Prevention and Control (PHACT) are clear-cut planning for the configuration of icu, major outbreak prevention and treatment bases, etc., and the Circular on Improving the Prevention and Control of Infections in Hot Clinics and Medical Institutions requires the deployment of hot-gate diagnostic equipment, including EKG, EKG, defibrillator, no trauma respirator, pulmonary recovery.
In the context of the new medical infrastructure, the intensive care area (icu) will be significantly developed, and the demand for such equipment as the bedside care system, the respirator, and the epineumo-neurological oxygen (ecmo) will be released.
In accordance with the Public Health Capacity-Building Programme for Prevention and Control, and taking into account the equipment requirements arising from the construction of icu beds in our level-II and level-III hospitals and the upgrading of the major outbreak response bases, we have increased the equipment space for major outbreak control bases by more than 2.1 billion yuan, based on the average price of the equipment in place at the major outbreak control bases as of 31 December 2021.
As a result, the incremental end market for medical equipment, including respirators, monitors, pumps, etc., will exceed $48 billion over the next three to five years. On the financial front, the Ministry of Finance and the National Health Commission have issued budget circulars simultaneously: as early as October 2020, the Ministry of Finance will be able to provide the following information:
In December 2021, the Ministry of Finance issued a number of circulars on the early issuance of the 2022 subsidy budget, which, in general, amounted to $87,251 million in 2022.
Life information on the three core business lines of the company is linked to support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery and the benefits of the new foundation of medical care, and it is possible to take advantage of the growth market from the new foundation of medical care by taking advantage of the service platforms, marketing channels and the company’s well-developed product lines.
2.3. In June 2021, the Office of the State Council issued an Opinion on the Promotion of Quality Development in Public Hospitals (hereinafter referred to as " the Opinion " ), which states that public hospitals are the backbone of our health-care system and will strengthen the status of the main body of public hospitals.
In October 2021, under the guidance of the Opinion, the Health and Health Board and the Central American Medicine Board formulated the Action for the Quality Development of Public Hospitals (2021-2025) (hereinafter referred to as Action).
In addition to the emphasis placed in the Opinion on strengthening the information support, it is important to strengthen the capacity of basic public hospitals to prevent and treat major diseases.
It also calls for the construction of a “Three Ones” smart hospital, while the three main lines of work of the company “Swiss Union”, “Swiss Shadowing ++”, “Swiss Inspection” link company, which enhances the efficiency of the hospital's overall clinical services through equipment, data interconnection, and promotes the concept of quality development in public hospitals.
In November 2021, the Health Insurance Board issued a three-year action plan for the reform of the drig/dip payment modality to accelerate progress towards full coverage of the reform of the drg/dip payment modality, requiring that by the end of 2025, the drg/dip payment modality cover all compliance requirements.
In February 2022, the secretariat of the State Council ' s Health and Rehabilitation Team issued a circular on the implementation of the recommendations on the promotion of quality development in public hospitals, along with an evaluation of the indicators for the promotion of quality development in public hospitals in all provinces (districts and municipalities) (hereinafter referred to as " evaluation " ).
We believe that, with the high-quality development of public hospitals and the accelerated spread of drig payments, hospitals are now looking more at how to improve management efficiency and disease diagnosis.
In the Evaluation Indicators, it is required to control the occupancy ratio of level III hospitals, i.e. to reduce unnecessary admissions to level III hospital clinics, and to increase the proportion of hospital admissions in district areas, also with a view to increasing the number of primary consultations and facilitating the referral of the referral mechanism, while the basic hospital treatment is based on the improvement of diagnostic equipment, which in this sense will increase the demand for equipment at the primary hospital level.
Finally, the Evaluation Indicators monitor and compare the weights of the drig, with a view to establishing efficient mechanisms for the payment of health care.
To meet the need for medical treatment, the economic costs are also taken into account, and the Meri product fits the needs of the primary hospital, i.e., high quality + high value products, and the full product line of the Gari, with full access to the quality development of the public hospital, as shown in figure 16, Selected policies and readings of the Quality Development Evaluation Indicators for Public Hospitals in the Provinces (Districts, Municipalities)
In general, the promotion of quality in public hospitals is not a windfall, but an important move to move from “mass accumulation” to “quality upgrading” in the “14th and even longer” period. The driving force behind the development of quality in public hospitals is in terms of quality and efficiency.
The process of building equipment in the next five years or more is one of increasing demand for it. Murray has high-value equipment products, a mature “3 S” smart hospital construction programme, and many other products associated with the construction of a new foundation for health care.
3. The process of internationalization has progressed steadily, with more than two decades of continuous efforts to break through high-end clients, leading to a major breakthrough in corporate internationalization. At present, corporate production has reached more than 190 countries and territories, with about 40 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America, etc.
There are 52 offshore subsidiaries. With its own high-quality products, the company has gained wide recognition from national health institutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, etc., and has entered more than two-thirds of the United States hospitals, covering all the top 20 US doctors. 3.1. By breaking through the top hospitals in Europe and America, the follow-up product is expected to accelerate its entry into the top hospital market.
For Europe and America’s top hospitals, the value for money of products is no longer a primary consideration, and they focus more on product quality stability, integrated service capacity. In the wake of the new crowning epidemic in 2020, most factories around the world have ceased to operate, and hospital medical equipment is in serious need. Companies, with their complete domestic supply chain, support through hard product quality and professional localization after sale.
During the period 2020-2021, Murray completed more than 1,400 high-end client breakthroughs on the international market, and the company ' s extensive access to high-end hospitals, such as respirators, monitors, etc., provided a credible, high-quality brand image for the company, as well as an opportunity for further product penetration.
During the epidemic, monitors and anaesthetic machines were installed in the most advanced hospitals in Europe and the United States, with Murray breaking through many high-end hospitals in developed countries like the United States, Germany, and the United Kingdom. New admissions to central Vermont, Robert Woodbanabas, Beth Israel's Deacon Medical Center, North Mississippi Medical Services Center, etc.
In Europe, more than 230 high-end clients were broken, and a wide-ranging breakthrough was made at the entire hospital level, including the Charlotte Hospital, affiliated to the University of Berlin in Germany, the Royal London Hospital, the University Hospital at Grande, the University Hospital at Orburg, Denmark, the University Hospital at Mondo, France, the University Hospital at Geneva, the Women and Children Hospital at Barcelona, Spain, etc.
Given that corporate excellence during the epidemic has been widely recognized by high-end hospitals abroad, we expect that the future public sector will also take advantage of this opportunity to gain easy access to high-end hospitals abroad, in addition to life information and support, bringing the company a full new market.
In addition, the new coronary epidemic poses a major challenge to the health-care system in all countries, and some European countries have already begun to plan health-care silos. Countries and regions such as the European Union, Spain, Italy, France, etc. have invested in building health-care institutions, while companies rely on their own stable supply chains, high quality of products, and well-developed product services.
The project is expected to further expand the share of corporate products in Europe and the United States. Table 7: The project for the construction of medical institutions in Europe and the United States.
3.2. Regional growth in emerging countries is encouraging, and it is promising to start a new engine of growth. In emerging countries, the Merry breakthrough is equally encouraging, reaching out to emerging markets such as Russia and Brazil.
In addition to the Division’s breakthrough of more than 300 fully new high-end clients in emerging-market countries, nearly 300 already high-end clients have achieved horizontal breakthroughs in more products. In 2021, companies built on good pre-emergements to break through more than 600 fully new high-end clients in emerging-market countries, achieving horizontal breakthroughs for 450 high-end clients, for example.
Guardianship products and solutions broke through the Coruze High-end Public Hospital in Argentina, the High-end Public Hospital in the Gulf of the United Arab Emirates, the Acibadam High-end Private Group Hospital in Turkey, the ultrasound product broke through the Russian National Oncology Hospital, the Seoul National University Hospital in Korea, and the test product broke through the Ramati Poti Hospital and Saudi heights of the top teaching hospital in Thailand.
Since 2020, the global epidemic has raged, and developing countries have been particularly exposed to medical run-off due to the scarcity of medical resources. Developing countries are under double pressure from the lack of control and economic downside of the epidemic.
Under the circumstances, the advantage of high value for money for corporate products is further highlighted, and with the successful experience of China, the world’s largest developing country, the company is expected to rapidly open channels in other emerging countries around the world to capture markets with greater growth potential, and emerging markets are expected to be home-grown as new long-term growth drivers for firms in the future.
In terms of corporate revenue, corporate income in the overseas region as a whole rose sharply in 2020, and performance growth was strong in the emerging countries. The European region achieved $2.31 billion, an increase of 69.4 per cent over the same period; the Latin American region recorded a decline in income; the European region achieved $2.27 billion in income growth abroad, a decline of 1.6 per cent over the same period; and the Asia-Pacific region recorded a decline of 1.6 per cent over the same period.
Referring to the world’s leading medical giants in terms of operating income, Philips’s earnings outside China accounted for 87.6%, Ge’s earnings outside Asia and the Pacific for 73.8%, and Siemens’ earnings outside China for 87.3%, we believe that corporate incomes abroad will rise further in the future.
Animal medicine: multi-scenario applications, with huge market prospects for pets leading to new growth points Animal medical equipment has a wide range of applications, such as livestock farms requiring veterinary medical equipment for farm animals
Medical services such as testing; the need for customized medical equipment to provide them with precise supervision, testing, etc.; and, as the largest application of animal medicine, the pet medical market has been accompanied by rapid growth in the pet consumption market in recent years.
4.1. The role of pets in everyday life is also becoming more important in the context of the year-on-year increase in pet penetration, the huge market space and the increasing pace of life and learning and the growing pressure on people as the standard of living of our inhabitants rises.
The White Paper on the Chinese pet industry reports that cats and dogs accounted for the largest share of our pets, 59.5 per cent and 51.7 per cent, respectively, while the rest also included aquariums, birds, etc. In addition, the number of dogs and cats in our towns showed a different growth trend in 2019-2021 due to the effects of the epidemic and some urban bans. In 2021, the number of dogs in our towns and cities was 54.29 million.
This represents a decrease of 1.3 per cent compared to 2019; the number of pets in our towns and cities was 5906 million in 2021, an increase from 2019, and although our pet holdings have increased steadily in recent years, overall the rate of domestic pets in 2019 was only 17 per cent, compared to 67 per cent in the United States, 62 per cent in Australia, 44 per cent in the United Kingdom and 2021 in the United States.
By 70%, Australia is 69%, the UK 59%, and our pet-breeding rate in 2020 was 23%. Our family pet-breeding rate is well below that of the European and American countries, with considerable potential for growth.
According to the White Paper on the pet industry in China, our pet consumption market reached 17.8 billion yuan in 2018 and 249 billion yuan in 2021. The size of the pet consumption market, which was affected by the epidemic in 2020, declined to 206.5 billion yuan in 2021.
In step-by-step control, our pet consumer market has returned to high growth of $249 billion, a 20.6 per cent increase over the previous year, compared to $10.96 billion in 2021, according to appa, the size of the United States pet consumer market. Our pet consumer market still has a larger gap with the United States and has room for growth.
In 2021, according to China's White Paper on the pet industry, pet staples remained the largest sub-market in pet consumption, with a market size of 89.1 billion yuan or 35.8 per cent, while pet consultations became the second largest market after pet staples in pet consumption, with a market size of 36.4 billion yuan or Bida.
14.6%. According to appa, the United States pets market in 2021 was $32.3 billion, or 29.4% of the total. 4.2. Upstream of the pet medicine industry, mainly suppliers of equipment, consumables and medicines, is used for mid-peer hospitals and third-party screening when the equipment is produced in the country.
Platforms, such as monitoring agencies, provide equipment and after-sale services, and downstream, including pet owners and insurance providers. Murray is in the upstream equipment and consumables chain throughout the pet medical industry. The pet hospital is at the heart of the entire pet medical chain, and the increase in the number of pet hospitals will also bring a strong demand from suppliers, such as upstream equipment.
According to data, by January 2021, the number of hospitals in our country had reached 31,000. There are a large number of upstream medical suppliers of new pets compared to February 2020, which can be divided into three broad categories according to the application landscape: medical images, tests, and surgery, with reagents and equipment. Unlike human medical equipment, there are no absolute peaks in the country.
In video-type equipment, Murray is mainly concerned with ultrasound, while companies such as Siemens and Soul provide mainly nuclear magnets, ct, and in ivd, Yape, Edz and Murray are the dominant products, including blood cell monitors, biochemicals analysers, etc.; in life-guarded equipment, the market is dominated by enterprises such as Murray and Kimura, whose main products include anesthesia machines, guardianship, etc.
The cost of domestic equipment is higher than that of imported equipment, and it is expected to raise the share of advocacy further in the future. And Murray is the only company that covers all-line animal medical equipment, with synergies between the three product lines, which will help to accelerate the recovery of the market share in the blue sea of animal medical equipment.
Figure 27: Equipment commonly used in pet hospitals. 4.3. Horizontal expansion of traditional three major operations, with animal medicine constituting a new growth point for Murray in the future.
As a high-potential business being nurtured by Murray, the merry animal medical product line cuts across three major areas: medical imagery, in vitro diagnosis, life information, and support, which is a horizontal expansion of the company’s three traditional core operations, applicable to pet hospitals, livestock.
In China, animal medicine has reached more than 15,000 pets.
Colleges and more than 70% of animal research institutes offer comprehensive medical solutions. Overseas, Murray is also recognized by many of the world’s leading animal health institutions, such as the New York Animal Medicine Center, the Royal School of Veterinary Medicine, and the University of the Netherlands-Utrecht Animal Hospital.
According to company estimates, the global market space for pet medical devices was about $7 billion in 2021, and is currently in the main collection in Europe and America, but the potential space in the Chinese market is huge, and the industry as a whole is in a state of dissipation that has not yet emerged as a distinct industry giant. Murray has experience with three major traditional businesses that have successfully operated.
Life information support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery and animal diagnostic equipment are highly integrated. We believe that Murray has entered the field of animal medicine as a giant and is expected to break through a blue sea of animal medicine and become a leader in the emerging animal medicine industry, expanding the company's mounds and creating new growth points.
Microsurgery: The rise of fluorescent endoscopic mirrors, microscopic surgical high-value consumables Microscopic surgery with small openings, low loss of blood, avoidance of excessive internal tissue exposure, reduced risk of infection; rapid post-operative recovery, reduced use of medication, reduced stay in hospital; patient capacity to withstand
On the basis of these advantages, a growing number of patients and doctors prefer microscopic surgery. The rate of microscopic surgery rose from 4284 and 28.5% to 8514 and 38.1% in 2019.
There is still a large gap between developed countries, such as the United States, where, in 2019, there were 16,877 microsurgeries per million people per million and 80.1 per cent per cent per million.
Medical endoscopy is a medical device that combines optical, human engineering, precision machinery, modern electronics, computer software, etc., to provide doctors with images of the structure of the internal body's anatomy in clinical examinations, diagnostics, treatments. As technology continues to grow and applications increase, medical endoscopic mirrors have become general surgery, ear and nose, urinary.
The country’s interior mirror industry is growing rapidly, and the use of hard mirrors in clinical surgery is much wider.
At $18.5 billion, the global market is projected to be 6.3 per cent annual compound in 2017-2024. The size of the national market for the medical endoscopic sector will be $32 billion.
Figure 32: Size of the market in the Central and National Speculator Industry (millions of dollars) Depending on the development and imaging of the endoscopic mirrors, the endoscopic mirrors can be divided into hard-pipe endoscopic, soft-pipe endoscopic (optic fibre, endoscopic) and electronic endoscopic mirrors.
Soft tube endoscopy is a optical optical optical system with the advantage that the lens can change direction, but the imaging effect is not as good as the rigids and cannot be disinfected at high temperature, so it is more used for observation and diagnosis than for creative surgery. Electronic endoscopic mirrors replace fibres with cables and can boost resolution because of the short period of development.
In 2017, Murray was removed from the software business and focused on the hard mirror business. Hard-pipe endoscopic endoscopic mirrors consist mainly of mirrors, conductive beam interfaces, eyescreens and attachment beam relays, which are equipped with corresponding video systems, light sources and other surgical devices for use in internal examinations and operations.
Imaging. The rigid mirror has the advantage of being clearly imaged, colored, easy to operate, and has become one of the most convenient, direct and effective medical devices available to medical personnel to observe and treat internal pathologies in humans.
The clinical application of these mirrors is extensive, and their main categories include abdominal mirrors, chest mirrors, endoscopes, and treatment in the field of liver, gall, insulin, intestine, and so on. In this case, the abdominal mirror surgery is an important part of micro-inventive medicine, with modern high-tech equipment such as the abdominal mirror being used in the human body.
It has the advantage of “micro-inventive” and the pain it causes to patients has been reduced considerably. As modern-generation surgery has evolved in recent years, the abdominal surgery, a representative of micro-inventive surgery, has been widely applied in the area of surgery, covering a wide range of diseases. Table 10: Scope of the abdominal surgery
5.2. National hard mirrors are high, fluorescent mirrors are the way forward The application of hard-pipe endoscopic endoscopic mirrors is relatively mature globally and has been growing at a steady rate in recent years. According to Furjo, it is expected to reach $7.23 billion a year; due to high barriers in hard mirror opticals, the main players on the market are now in Europe.
American and Japanese firms dominate, and market concentration is high, with Karl Stoes, Shsyk, and Olympus ranking in the top three, with a combined total market of over 60%. China’s hard-pipe endoscopic endoscopic market is at a fast-growing stage, and according to Frost Sullivan’s report, 2015 to 2015
The annual compound growth rate of 13.8 per cent in 2019 is far higher than the global market, and China ' s hard mirror market is expected to grow by 11 per cent to 11 billion yuan annually by 2024; in 2019, the top three Chinese markets, Karl Stoes, Orin Bass and Szek, sold more than 75 per cent of China ' s market share, with no more than 11 per cent of the country ' s product plates, existed.
The hard mirrors include white endoscopes and fluorescent endoscopes, according to the working spectrum of the endoscopes. The picture of the white endoscopes is based on a visible spectroscopy of 400-700 nm, displaying images of the surface of the tissue of the human body, and its work is white light.
spectra; fluorescent endoscopic mirrors are new medical endoscopic techniques developed in 2016 and widely applied, working at a range of 400-9000nm, which, in addition to providing images of the surface of the tissue of the human body, also achieves visualization below the surface of the tissue (e.g., gall bladders, lymph tubes and angioplasty), with precision positioning in the technique and reducing the risk of surgery.
From the point of view of the entire system of endoscopes, because of the ability of the fluorescent endoscope system to exhibit both white and fluorescent patterns, the equipment integration function, i.e., to satisfy the traditional white endoscope, can be achieved for the terminal medical institution.
The need for beds can also meet the high demand for fluorescent vision surgery, effectively reducing the availability of operating theatres, and increasing the capacity of hospitals to purchase adequate budgets for the treatment of rooms. The end-of-pipe medical institutions are more willing to purchase fluorescent and end-of-the-light mirror whole-system products.
According to Frost Sullivan, China ' s fluorescent hardware market in 2019 was 110 million yuan, accounting for only 1.7 per cent of the hardware market. In the future, China ' s fluorescent endoscopy market is expected to enter a period of rapid growth, reaching 3.52 billion yuan in 2024, representing 32 per cent of the hardware market.
In 2019, novadaq (under the banner of Szek) and Opu Mandi, whose sales were 57 million yuan and 53.9 million yuan, respectively, accounted for 51.4 per cent and 48.6 per cent of our market share.
5.3. Surgery in the layout is expensive and digs in the microsurgery gold track. Microsurgery is the main medical device used in microsurgery (excluding endoscopic mirrors). The main items are a one-time tube piercer, a high-molecular ligator, absorbable ligature clamps, a single electrocrete, abdominal cavity.
Mirrors, ultrasonic cutters, one-time knives, and repeat tube piercings and clamps. According to the CPR, the market size of our micro-surgery in 2015 was 9.6 billion yuan, 18.5 billion yuan in 2019, and high-end products, such as ultrasonic knives, abdominal mirrors, etc., are among the microsurgery consumables, with high technical barriers and production barriers.
The value added is also higher, and the industry is also growing at a much higher rate than the rest of the breakdown, for example, between 2015 and 2019, the combination of ultrasound knives and abdominal coils grew at a rate of over 30%, while the combination of consumables, such as surgical accessories, grew at a rate of less than 10%. Ultrasound knives are short for ultrasound cutting blood blades and are applied to large parts of the human body through ultrasound cutting or burning tissue.
It is widely applied to thyroid surgery, stomach surgery, haemoctomy, muscular accelerosis, and so on. Its blades, when operated, are exposed to tissue proteins at a very high vibration frequency, resulting in an aerobic effect that rapidly gasses the internal water of the tissue, a break in the protein hydrogen key, and a mutation of the protein to cut, close and stop the blood, as compared to the traditional surgery knife.
It has a unique advantage in cosmology surgery. The ultrasound processing process is complex, and there is a monopoly on the patent of medical equipment overseas, and in our own global market, the traditional medical equipment of overseas is in the leading position in this field. In recent years, the market for ultrasound has grown steadily as a result of the gradual spread of microscopic surgery: in 2015 the country was super-high.
The size of the market was only $454 million, reaching $1,553 million in 2019, and the rate of compound growth between 2015 and 2019 was 36%. According to Qualitative Consultation data, the market is expected to be 5,974 million yuan by 2024. The rate of compound growth was 35.8% between 2020 and 2024, and international brands were ultrasound in the country due to the early entry of international brands into the market.
The Blade market dominates, with import brands accounting for nearly 96% of sales in 2015. However, as more multinational producers enter, national producers break through technology, expand their channels, head-on, and market share rise, from 4% in 2015 to 10% in 2019.
The abdominal collator is used to sew the incision of the abdominal cosmonium surgery, the combinator is similar to that of the stapler, the combinator is permanently combinated with the combinator, the open combinator is relatively simple to design and easier to operate, and the abdominal combinator is designed and operated in a relatively complex manner in the cavity mirror setting, so the combinator is similar to the ultrasound knife.
Similarly, thanks to the spread of microscopic surgery, the market size of our abdominal coils has been growing at a high rate this year: from 1,546 million yuan in 2015 to 4,556 million yuan in 2019, and from 31% compound growth between 2015 and 2019.
In 2024, the market for the abdominal coils is projected to reach $11,660 million. In addition, the market for the abdominal coils is also dominated by import brands, but in recent years the share of the national producer market has gradually increased, from less than 1 per cent in 2015 to 16.4 per cent in 2019, according to sales figures.
Micro-surgery is one of Myrry's major incubators and now covers micro-surgery products, including surgical cams, cold light sources, gas abdominal machines, optical endoscopic mirrors, micro-surgery devices and surgical consumables. The company has high-level and 4-k abdominal rigid mirror systems in white light, and is equipped with a swice-line series of abdominal mirrors.
The products already available for microsurgery include high frequency surgical devices for the abdominal mirror, one-time high frequency surgical devices for the abdominal cosmonium mirror, one-time multi-channel single-peripheral cosmonial cosmonaut, and medium- and low-end products such as ultrasound knives, abdominal combinator, etc., while Murray's positive layout high-end products such as ultrasound knives, abdominal coscopic combinator, etc., are expected to achieve a breakthrough in microsurgery in the future.
The reasons why they are able to take up market shares in micro-surgery mirrors and high-value consumables are as follows: (1) Fluiddirecttm technology on board by Murrayhypixeltmr1 is imbued with real-time fluorescent stacking, marking and navigation in operation, with high fluorescent signature sensitivity, fluorescent and white light mapping.
Like borders that are clear, precise, and able to switch green fluorescents, black and white fluorescents, white light, three-point screens, etc., multiple imaging patterns. Myrry's product itself is of a high level of industry and meets the needs of the courtyard. (2) Murray is in the operating room, starting with the monitor, going to the respirator, the anesthetic machine, the lightbed, the tremors, and the art.
Murray does the whole solution. The endoscope and micro-surgery high-value consumables, such as ultrasound knives and abdominal coils, will create synergies with other life information support products, and are a vertical extension of Murray's integrated operating room. (3) Murray has maintained high R & D investment for many years, with R & D costs of $2.52 billion in 2021, with R & D costs at a rate of $2.52 billion.
9.99 per cent, or a 31.2 per cent complex growth rate in R & D costs in the last three years, continued R & D investment will underpin the company ' s continuous breakthrough in the pipeline and will provide a dynamic impetus for the company ' s roll-out of micro-surgery high-value waste products. (4) Murray, as a large company, has the channels of business accumulation over the years, as well as product follow-up services.
Advantages. Paying attention to the user's experience, continuously adjusting to the user's needs, and being welcomed by the hospital all along, under the siege of a large offshore medical apparatus, to highlight, stay firm and gradually move beyond the advantages of the Méri Weibo Surgery series.
The concept of “smart hospital” was first introduced in the United States in 2009 and has changed from one hospital to another around the world.
To explore the extent to which technologies such as Internet technology, smart technology, and artificial intelligence can be applied in all areas of health care. After two stages of informing our country’s history and regionalization of information, we have entered a new phase of intelligence in the medical landscape, and national policies have continued to promote the construction of an electronic medical record, intelligence services, and intelligent management of the “Three Ones.”
On 4 June 2021, the Office of the State Council issued an Opinion on the Promotion of Quality Development in Public Hospitals, which provides for enhanced information support. It promotes the integration of new generations of information technology with health services, such as cloud computing, big data, object networking, block chains, fifth generation mobile communications (5g).
To promote the development and application of smart medical equipment, such as surgical machines, and smart-aided diagnostic systems. Previously, in 2018, 2019 and 2021, the Health and Welfare Board addressed electronic medical records, intelligence services, intelligence management, etc.
In order to follow up on the above observations, the National Health and Health Commission and the National Medical and Medical Administration developed the Quality Development Promotion Initiative for Public Hospitals (2021-2025) and, in the course of the year, the average level of application of the electronic medical records for public hospitals at level 2 and 3 nationwide reached level 3 and 4 respectively.
The average level of care is two and three, and the average level of wisdom management is one and two, which supports the new model of health services that are integrated on-line and off-line. By 2025, a group of smart hospitals have been built to demonstrate leadership, a model of integrated health services on-line and off-line has been developed, and the regional balance of health services has been further enhanced.
The country’s new health infrastructure project is dominated by the expansion of large public hospitals, so the procurement needs for medical devices are largely dominated by large-scale projects at the university level.
The institution-building programme will create synergies with a wide range of products, giving them a stronger competitive advantage. From traditional medical scenes to intelligent scenes, there are three main problems: (1) the isolated island of medical equipment, lack of data connectivity; (2) lack of critical experience, making it difficult to conduct high-level consultations; and (3) difficulties in the integration of the facility's equipment.
In response to these three challenges, Murray, as a supplier of equipment, built on the connections between equipment in cross-sections, and through solutions such as the Rishien Federation, Suh-yun, and the Rig-chat, built an all-of-the-horizon environment that integrates smart objects, intelligence consultations, management of wisdom, and the management of equipment throughout the institution, improving the efficiency, competence and quality of medical consultations.
“Swiss” means “Swiss Union”, “Swiss Shadow ++”, “Swiss Inspector” solutions that respond to the company's life information, support operations, video operations, and ivd operations, and enable the integration of products and solutions. “Swiss Union” brings together equipment between multiple products such as Murray Guardians, Anaesthetics, Respirators, Pumps, etc.
Improved quality of supervision and treatment, according to interconnectivity. “Swig ++” uses clouds to connect Merry's video equipment and users to achieve remote consultation, remote quality control, teaching training, community discussion. “Swiss” sets up eight series of tests for the in vitro diagnosis of Merry, and upgrades the test kits, quality control products, calibration products, and allows for streamlined laboratory operations and full process management.
The company relies on a rich product line, upgrading from a one-product solution to a cross-sectional solution, a home-wide solution, and a multidisciplinary approach.
Building the entire institution's ecology, building platform advantages, transforming product orders into system orders, increasing the ability of the products in the order to co-locate, package the product and raise the value of the order. The company's ability to grow from a single product to a multi-product line, and from equipment suppliers to a comprehensive solution provider, is strong.
In 2021, there was a significant increase in the capacity of Suh-yun and Suh-yun ++, and since its launch in March 2021, the number of hospitals in which Suh-hyun signed was cumulatively more than 200 by the end of 2021, of which more than 150 were added in 2021; Suh-yun ++ to achieve a cumulative load of more than 1,300 and more than 1,100 in 2021;
In less than a year after its launch, nearly 60 per cent of them were installed in level III hospitals.
Quality and efficiency of operation. Based on the layout and advantages of the company’s multi-products, such as a monitor, anaesthetic machine, a respirator, a pump, etc., multi-scenes solutions have been introduced, including full-time, severe illness, the period of surgery, emergency care, cardiology, general care.
(1) Devices, data interconnectivity: interconnectivity between medical equipment such as monitors, anaesthetics, respirators, injection pumps, etc., and information systems, through the use of object networking technology. For example, data from the respirator, equipment near the bed, such as the pump, are brought together to the monitor and integrated into the data organically, and intelligent assistive applications are developed to help medical personnel upgrade their diagnostics.
Quantities; automatic identification of patients, collection of patient data, infusion closed loop management. (2) Multi-ring custody: integration of all equipment data by bed, allowing medical and nursing personnel to view patient data at any time and/or outside of the bed, real-time surveillance of patients outside the ward and teleconferencing
In the course of the epidemic, IUJR helps health-care workers with long-range supervision and effectively reduces the risk of infection. (3) Equipment holographic database: data on all equipment around integrated beds, building equipment holographic database, complementary to and integrated with clinical databases already in place in hospitals, supporting research on data and research, and laying the foundation for artificial intelligence.
For example, for cardiology and general protection scenes, the Union can connect to worn devices and provide mobile custody; and for conjuncture period scenes, the Union can be effective.
It is now seamlessly trans-shipped, from the patient's arrival in the operating room to his departure after surgery, to his return to the ward, with no need to reconnect the attachments during the trans-shipment process, and the trans-shipment data can be preserved and automatically uploaded to maintain the integrity of the medical records. In addition to solutions for more detailed scenarios such as severe illness, period of surgery, emergency care, cardiology, general care, etc.
The whole-house solution solves the problem of collecting equipment, connects to information systems, reduces the complexity of connection development and reduces costs. At the same time, the whole-house solution also allows for cross-hospital integration, real-time supervision, diagnostics, house searches and trans-shipment monitoring across the courtyards, and improves the coverage of superior medical resources.
The video cloud service platform for Murray, launched by “Swiss shadow ++”, provides innovative cloud communities and multiple cloud applications that can be created and operated autonomously by users through a cloud-based application platform that connects Murray's video equipment and users.
The epidemic has accelerated the spread of applications based on the development and layout of the company’s pre-existing remote-based products. Shizuku+ uses the siync multi-television video-synchronous broadcast technology and u-link instant access to image technology.
The audio-synchronous broadcast technology provides high-fibre, high-real-time ultrasound capture and transmission, ultrasound interfaces are closely synchronized with live hand-held, audio-speak, and video can be replayed at any time for up to eight hours.
The most important function is to upload ultrasound real-time images to cloud ends and to achieve end-to-end shared viewing. On the basis of Swilight Cloud++, the company has launched remote consultations, remote quality control, teaching training, and community-based smart medical scenes.
The remote ultrasound solution is: medical associations with remote quality control, medical associations/linkages of medical institutions with ultrasound remote quality control, distance learning training/conferences in the Poc section integrated with ultrasound operations, congregated case discussions and discussion societies in cloud-end classrooms, which currently have uneven distribution of medical resources in the country, with some two or three lines of medical resources scarce in urban and remote areas.
There is still room to raise the number of medical imaging doctors in our country, and because of the accumulation of long-term experience, the number of video specialists is scarcer, the basic level of diagnosis is difficult to determine accurately and hinders the efficiency of the diagnostic process. The remote quality control and telemedical approach of the Ki-Yu Xin + platform has contributed to the sinking of high-quality medical resources and has allowed the regulation of primary health care.
The process of screening the hospital has also led to greater diagnostic confidence on the part of doctors in higher hospitals, which has partially alleviated the imbalance in the distribution of resources between the various geographical regions and among the health-care institutions, and enhanced the overall capacity of primary hospitals to provide medical services, thereby contributing to the implementation of the State policy of stratification.
At present, Suhageun+ platform covers more than 20 provinces, cities, autonomous regions of the country, including Xinjiang and Tibet, and has a wide range of applications in primary health-care institutions. Based on Suhage ++, the Boan People’s Hospital in Shenzhen City currently has approximately 10 interfaces with the Huy Xiuyu, which has successfully been connected about 50,000 times, with over 2,000 real-time cases of ultrasound video consultations.
For the Internet hospital, the Boan People's Hospital's nine platforms have benefited more than 1 million people throughout the country.
Through the upgrading of its eight series of in vitro diagnostic tests, test kits, quality control products and calibration products, the "Richardt" connects the entire flow-flow network of many of the management elements of the human-mechanical lawn cycling in the medical laboratory, thus making (1) the "Ricchil" top-down reagent management system, the "Quality Control Management System" and the Wisdom screen.
Full-life control information for reagents, laboratory instruments and environment-wide quality control monitoring information can be integrated on the same smart screen, dynamically viewing laboratory information, improving management efficiency, one-stop-shop solutions Multi-faceted, inefficient, non-standardized management of complex management elements of medical laboratories and information silos,
(2) Building of the Smart Chemistry Section: the company is working on a blood cell analysis-drive-viewer waterline solution to build a cloud viewer, cloud intelligence, cloud intelligence review system. Cloud viewing and cloud intelligence systems, achieving a cross-hospital cloud professional exchange and learning platform: cloud viewing can produce a uniform quality test report, allowing the general and branch laboratories to examine and clinical doctors.
Teachers, technicians, etc. conduct multidisciplinary integration exchanges at the heart of the disease, improving the ability to report on blood cell problems; Yunji can enable medical practitioners to learn to break time and space restrictions, assist in the consultation of the medical consortium/communist medical community, the exchange of difficult reports and the development of human resources.
(3) Inter-sectional and inter-hospital consultations: “Ricchil examination” integrates interdisciplinary data, which can circulate between outpatients, emergency services, central laboratories, blood sections, general and sub-hospital districts, assist in intensive diagnostics, and manage inter-hospital platforms to achieve efficient control of tat.
7. The three traditional core business lines remain strong, with life information and support: the low end of high school is fully covered and the leading position is strong. The life information and support plate is the cornerstone of the company ' s business, and the company developed its first product on its own as early as 1993.
Guardians, followed by continuous self-inflicted innovation and extended and acquired datascope, form the layout of low-end body coverage in this field. At present, company life information and support products include guardianship, defibrillators, anaesthesia, respirators, electrocardiograms, operating beds, operating lights, chandelier hangbridges, injection pumps, and operating/heavy care rooms (or/icu)
A series of instruments and solutions for vital information monitoring and support, such as holistic solutions. In terms of performance, the outbreak growth of the 2020 epidemic for company life information and support plates was eliminated.
18.9 per cent, 21.5 per cent. In 2020, with the global outbreak of the new crown, the demand for life information and support services increased significantly, with operating income of $10.06 billion, or 57.8 per cent, compared to the previous year ' s high base, while gross demand declined gradually, with operating income of $11.53 million, or 11.5 per cent, compared to the previous year ' s high base.
In addition, the Māori ratio of company life information and support operations is maintained in figure 54: Mārry life information and support revenue and growth, figure 55: Māori life information and support Māori and Māori.
7.1.1. Guardianship: The country is at the top of the list, with global high-end hospitals continuing to break through, and guardianship is the most mature product of life information and support products, with companies initially targeting primary health-care institutions, laying out extensive channels, followed by continuous self-innovation and datascale M&As followed by the introduction of the epm series and
In recent years, the company has continued to build smart medicine, providing smart alarm alerts and clinical aids on the guardianship panel.
Corporate custodians have kept their share of the domestic market first for many years, as well as moving forward in the global market, with their share in the global and US markets third. According to company official information, companies accounted for 44% of the market share of domestic custodians in 2012.
Growth to 65 per cent in 2017, far exceeding the second-highest Philip (17 per cent) and ge (10 per cent). Global City 2017, figure 57: Increased demand due to the impact of the epidemic in 2017, and reliable equipment such as company respirators, monitors, etc.
Quality and timely supply has entered a vastly new high-end client base, both within and outside the country. In 2021, the company successfully made a breakthrough in North America with more high-end clients, about 130 high-end customers in Europe, and over 600 high-end customers in emerging market countries.
7.1.2.aed: We have a low penetration rate and a huge growth space. According to the Chinese Cardiovascular Disease Report 2018, published by the National Centre for Cardiovascular Diseases, we die every year in the heart.
The number of scd deaths is estimated to be 544,000, the biggest cause of scd is a heart attack. The auto-in vitro heart defibrillator (aed) is effective in electric defibrillating patients, helping to restore heart rates, and improving patient survival.
There are only a certain number of cities with relatively high economic levels, such as Shanghai and Shenzhen. Far from the developed world, our market has a huge potential.
In recent years, improving the capacity of public emergency services has been included in the country’s plans and regulations at all levels. Action Health China 2019-2030 proposes to improve the standards for the equipping of emergency facilities in public places, with emergency drugs, equipment and facilities in schools, institutions, enterprises and establishments, as well as in intensive facilities such as airports, stations, port passenger stations, large shops, cinemas, etc.
In Shenzhen, for example, the installation of three phases of the aed installation was completed in 2020, and the number of places in Shenzhen public has increased to 3,500, with a plan to provide 300 aeds per 100,000 people in the next 5-10 years. If the Shenzhen configuration program is extended to the whole country, our market will have great potential for growth in the future.
According to IR, the size of the global (excluding the United States, Japan)aed market remained stable, increasing from $680 million to $740 million between 2015 and 2017. This corresponds to a rapid increase in the size of the domestic aed market.
Outside the layout, the company was the country’s first autonomous company to develop aged. On October 28, 2013, the Méri Medical Aed product Beneheartd1 was approved by Nmpa, the country’s first two-phased aed product, filling several patent gaps in the field of research and rewrite the country’s dependence on imports of aed products.
Several series of aed products were approved, their performance increased, their functionality increased, and their competitiveness increased. Prior to their entry into the market, aed markets were dominated by international giants such as Zoll, Philip, and Pmekang, whose prices were higher than $40,000.
The company’s aed product will continue to grow at a high rate by virtue of its superior quality and low price. In terms of sales, the Murray defibrillator (including the intra-hospital defibrillator +aed) has been growing at a high rate for almost five years, with 58,546 sales in 2020, an increase of 47.8% over the same period.
There has been a general increase in awareness of the safety of the population and in the attention given by the Government, with a rapid increase in the number of aed shops in public places such as business centres, primary and secondary schools, large enterprise parks, subways, etc.
7.1.3. Respirators: Medical use with high barriers to respirators, promising prospects in the context of the new infrastructure. Respiratory support is one of the key means of saving the lives of acute and critical patients. Respirators are in a different position as medical instruments that support, support or even replace human respiratory functions, in clinical first-line work such as first aid, post-operative recovery, intensive care, etc.
According to the American Institute of Respiratory Diseases, the success rate of clinical rescue is around the same, due to the widespread use of respirators, which, according to the way they are connected to the patient, can be divided into start-up respirators and non-respirators, of which no-respirators are in category II medical devices, which are relatively difficult to manufacture, while the majority of the respirators are used in intensive care rooms.
There are three types of medical devices with a high threshold for manufacturing. The most advanced and expensive ecmo in the breathing machine is considered to be the “end hope” for treating the most seriously affected patients of the new coronary pneumonia. The difficulty of manufacturing and obtaining the evidence is high, resulting in higher barriers to the use of the respirator.
Upstream raw materials and software chip suppliers, midstream manufacturing enterprises, and downstream circulation and application scenes. In this, upstream pager components include compressors, wind machines, sensors, circuit boards, filters, valves, etc. Software, chips are key to large respirator data processing.
Pressure and humidity to keep patients comfortable and safe. Moreover, because medical use is in the third category of medical devices, it is strictly regulated, registrations are issued for longer periods, and manufacturing qualifications are equally high for manufacturers.
Markets have been largely occupied by domestic firms, with the middle-end market competing with foreign firms, while high-end markets currently have only a few products that can be compared with foreign products, but are still vulnerable to performance indicators. High-endization is an important development in the health-respiratory industry. In 2018, the market for high-end medical respirators was 1.36 billion yuan in size, compared to the previous year.
In 2012 51.28% rose to 55.97%. In terms of competition patterns, Myrry was ranked first in the domestic market in 2019, and was developed in partnership with the Chinese, Nordic, and North American R&D teams. During the 2020 new crown epidemic, companies became a major global provider of medical respirators, with orders significantly increased, successfully entering the Euro-American high-end markets, and it is hoped that this will be the way to build on this.
7.1.4. Lighthouses: Market share is the highest in the country, leading the country to replace domestic production. Lightbeds are equipment for surgical operations, including surgical lights, surgical beds, hangar hangars, digital surgeries, etc.
The operating table can be adapted to the operating requirements to provide full exposure to the operating vision.
Germany’s Delg and McCords are the world’s leading operating theatres and icu equipment, and have also accounted for a significant share in China over the years. According to China’s medical equipment industry, in 2018, Delgs and McCords accounted for 23%, 7%, and Murray 12%, respectively, of the domestic lighthouse market.
The annual compound growth rate of lighthouse sales was 21.9 per cent, and the impact of the epidemic fell in 2020. In 2021, company lights were increased rapidly with the start of new medical infrastructure and the resumption of routine hospital purchases, reaching 2,960, representing an increase of 103.92 per cent. We believe that, with the normalization of the epidemic, the incremental costs of health infrastructure, grade-based care, etc.
The company’s lighthouse operations will continue to grow at a rapid pace, with high synergies between inter-firm and corporate products.
There are four types of medical video equipment with broader clinical applications: x-line, ct, magnetic resonance (mri), ultrasound, which, because of the different technologies used, vary considerably in their characteristics and clinical applications, sometimes require integrated applications to better diagnose the condition. Oversound equipment is safe, real-time, economical, and portable compared to the other three types of equipment.
The advantage is obvious. Digital x-ray imaging (dr) is a type of X-ray imaging system (xr), which reduces the patient’s exposure to X-rays by comparison with conventional radiometric systems. Murray’s medical image business is primarily colored and drd, with colours at its core.
Domestic representative firms focused early on developing overseas markets with low- and medium-end products. Colored and dr have the following similarities: (1) relatively low technical barriers; (2) high safety and low human damage; (3) low cost and easy access to examinations; (4) portable and diversified applications. Murray chooses ultrasound and dr to enter the field of medical imagery to compare.
Rapid market grabs are also consistent with the company’s development path, starting from the lower to the lower end, gradually expanding to the upper and middle. In the face of the negative impact of the epidemic on the company’s operations, the growth of ultrasound and mobile dr also offsets some of the damage, despite the 2020 outbreak, the company’s operating income from medical imagery operations and the Māori composite growth rate for 2015-2019.
In the second half of the year, domestic operations resumed gradually, with a total of $4.200 billion, or just 3.88 per cent, in medical imagery operations; in 2021, with the epidemic under control, domestic and foreign diagnostic activities gradually resumed, company medical imagery achieved a gross profit of $3.60 billion, while the Māori ratio remained above 65 per cent for the last three years and corporate medicine in 2021.
The Māori rate for the learning image business is 66.34 per cent. Figure 68: Māori and Māori for the Märry medical image business 7.2.1. Ultrasound market: high production in low- and medium-end countries and high-end import-substitution space
Global ultrasound markets have grown to maturity, driven by increased global ageing, increased disease rates, and extended and disaggregated bedside applications, and there is still a large demand space for slower but stable growth. According to Frost Sullivan, the size of the global colour supermarket in 2020 reached $7.2 billion in sales terms, increasing in recent years.
According to the signifyresearch data, the global market for ultrasound video equipment was 10.0% in 2016. Under the new coronary epidemic challenge, some European countries have started to plan medical patches, while the displays have seen more exposures in the epidemic, and countries have increased their commitment to medical services, which will boost the market.
Our ultrasound market, which started later than developed countries like Europe and America, has evolved from traditional morphological diagnostics to functional diagnostics, such as elastic imaging, tissue spot tracking, ultrasound, microscopic research, and so on. After years of catching up, within the country,
In recent years, the market for ultrasound equipment has continued to grow faster than the global market and has largely completed the replacement of super-black and white. Since 2018, the country has become the largest consumer of ultra-sound equipment in the world, and in 2020.
The size of our market for ultrasound video equipment was 28449 units per year, and by 2022 it was expected to grow to 60376 units per year, with an annual compound growth rate of 13.40 per cent, well above the growth rate in the global market during the same period. As a result of the slowdown in procurement at the grass-roots level and in private hospitals in 2019 and the 2020 epidemic, the domestic market was under some pressure to grow.
In the future, rapid growth is expected. Figure 70: Market size of China ' s coloured superdiagnostic equipment (by sales) Figure 71: Market size of the global colour superdiagnostic equipment (by sales)
The size of China’s market (by volume) for ultra-diagnostic equipment is more concentrated in global ultra-sound patterns, such as those of foreign manufacturers as ge, Philip and Toshiba, which still account for a large share of the global ultra-sound market, and in recent years domestic producers have gradually increased their share of the sea with low- and medium-end products.
Signifyresearch data calculates the global market size for ultrasound imaging equipment in 2018 at 193,056 units/sets, the global market market sales in Mary in 2018 at 21,029 units/sets, with a market share of 10.9%, and the market share in Miri in 2019 at 5%.
The market share of Murray is still growing, as overseas channels are being built, high-end products are being promoted, and international small and medium-sized video centers are recovering to boost medium- and low-end ultrasound demand. In recent years, national producers have made significant technological advances, graded consultations, incentives for self-innovation of medical devices, and support for procurement.
The introduction of policies such as domestic equipment and the encouragement of the development of third-party medical services such as medical video centres have also brought opportunities for national producers, who have an increasing share in the country on a value-for-money basis. In 2019, Murray was ranked first in the market in my country's colored supermarket. However, in terms of sales revenue, Ge and Philip were still ranked first.
At the top, and at the third and fifth places, respectively, the home-grown Murray and Kaiji are in the third and fifth places. Figure 74: Chinese competition for ultrasound diagnostic equipment for medical use in 2019 (by number of Miles at the middle and lower end, demand for medium and lower end products comes mainly from the construction and upgrading of primary health-care institutions.
At the middle and lower end of the market, i.e. community/town public hospitals, the share of the market is significantly higher than in the middle and high end, and in 2018, in the county public hospital ultrasound market, the share of the market was 17.8 per cent, higher than the ratio of the municipal public hospital, and the company ranked first in the community/town public hospital ultrasound market, which was 34 per cent, and far higher than the second highest (13.6 per cent).
There's still a lot of alternative space in the low- and medium-end ultrasounds. Murray shows strong power at the middle-end, with mid-ends accounting for the highest number of domestics in 2019, and there's plenty of lift space at the middle-end markets. Specifically, the low-end ultrasounds have been largely nationalized, reaching 38% in 2019; the mid-ends have reached 38% in 2019.
In the area of ultrasound, 33 per cent of the city of Murray in 2019, and a large share of import brands such as ge and Philip in 2019, high-end ultrasound areas remain dominated by import brands, with 34 per cent and 33 per cent each in 2019, compared to 6 per cent in the city of Murray, and will continue to compete with import brands for a high-end overweight share of level III hospitals.
Figure 77: Competition patterns in middle-end ultrasound markets in the country 2019 Figure 78: Competition patterns in high-end ultrasound markets in the country 2019
The company has a comprehensive, low- to high-end system of products, covering basic medicine, full-body imaging, female health, clinical ultrasound, and hepato-optic equipment. The company is not only focused on products, but is more committed to developing advanced applications, providing solutions for upgrading the capacity of medical institutions to provide diagnostics, creating a gradual breakdown in ultrasound applications for radiation, maternity, intervention, etc.
Specialized solutions for different clinical professions, such as emergency care, anaesthesia, severe illness, and liver fibres, helper companies’ ultrasound products continue to penetrate into clinical rooms. Specifically, in response to the new global coronary epidemic, the company has put a heavy weight on the "mx" and "me" series of high-end commological excess yields.
Through targeted Poc solutions, the installation of top-level hospital clients in Europe, the Commonwealth of Independent States, and Latin America has increased penetration and coverage of high-end and chain hospitals. Companies are now ranked third in the global market of poc and first in China.
The company also works with national ultrasound experts to facilitate global sharing of clinical experience by setting up online exchange platforms. Technically, international ultrasound giants like ge-medics, Philips, relying on financial power and pre-emptive advantage, are using ultrasound, magnetic resonance, ct, multi-model imaging technology, and face-to-face 3D imaging techniques in real time.
There is a clear advantage in cutting-wave elastic imaging and high-end functions, such as two-dimensional fielding. National producers, such as Murray Medical, Open, and Xiangxeng Medical, have continued to advance in the development of critical ultrasound technologies, compared to other domestic manufacturers, who are using ultrasound, magnetic resonance, ct multi-model imaging techniques, and scissor wave elasticity.
The first truly high-end national product, resona7, followed by resonar9 and resona i9. The Cullen series carries the zst+ field light platform. The zst+ field light platform, based on holostatic data, carries an arctic processing hardware architecture, breaking the technical limits of traditional ultrasound beam synthesis in imaging space resolution and time resolution, with even greater technical limitations.
Rapid imaging speeds, higher-resolution whole-of-the-art images, allow for more accurate image diagnosis. Resonar9 and resonai9 have better imaging techniques to achieve professional heights through ultra-broadband non-linear imaging, full-surface elastic imaging programmes, integrated imaging with respiratory compensation, dynamic vector blood flow imaging, etc.
Resonai9 provides measurement and analysis tools such as r-vqa vascular hardness, real-time imt, autotoef, and smartbreast breast stoves.
Intelligent diagnostics such as auto-analysis of gland stoves, smarthri auto-renal comparison, ttqa tissue tracking quantitative analysis.
7.2.3.Dr Operations: Mobile dr brings new growth points x-ray imaging systems (xr) that include conventional dr, mobile dr, mammograms and c-arm x-ray machines, dsa, etc., which can be used for screening and diagnosis of multiple diseases, as well as for imaging of surgical and intervention surgery.
Like (dr) is a medical discharge device that converts X-ray photon signals directly or indirectly through digital detectors into digital images, which shoots images, usually consisting of X-ray tubes, digital detectors, high-pressure generators, image collection and processing systems, video-output systems, etc. The digital X-ray imaging system reduces patient exposure compared to the traditional radiometric system.
X-ray time. Dr is widely used for routine medical examinations and clinical diagnosis, and is the most widely applied projecting video device in clinical applications.
Several scenarios, such as out-of-hospital first aid, can be easily transferred across different settings. We have a lower mobile dr penetration, a smaller market capacity, a new coronary pneumonia outbreak in 2020, and a surge in demand for mobile dr, which is added to the List of Emergency Supplies for Major Emergency Response Bases, will further facilitate the increase in mobile dr market demand.
Plus. Between 2015 and 2020, our regular dr and mobile dr markets grew at a combined rate of 7.5%. In 2020, we had a conventional dr market of $4.29 billion and a mobile dr market of $1.66 billion.
In the long run, the overall Dr configuration still needs to be upgraded. According to the Chinese Medical Association of Equipment, by 2017, there were approximately 565,000 Dr holdings in the country; about 40 per million, and about 530 per million in the United States of America, and the domestic Dr market remained empty.
In the Xr sector, the dr and mobile dr equipment are largely nationalized, with lower rates of mammogram and dsa national production. In terms of market competition, the market pattern for conventional dr (excluding mobile dr) equipment is somewhat different.
The market for mobile dr equipment was more concentrated than the regular dr market, with 59.7 per cent in 2020 and 9.4 per cent in Murray's share in the dr area. In the field of digital x-ray imaging, companies provide mobile, bi-pillars for radiology, icu and emergency services.
A variety of digital imaging solutions, including suspensions. Company products include conventional dr and mobile dr. The mobile dr device mobieye7000 has an imitation arm and is flexible and wide-ranging; it continues with a high capacity to charge fast, with a full charge of 70 km, and the chest condition is exposed 700 times; it is high and can be accessed manually, electrically, remotely.
Driven by 55 centimetres and with a 12-degree capacity to climb the slope; high-power output is comparable to fixed dr. 7.3 In vitro diagnosis: chemical luminous growth, acquisition of raw materials by extension of the river, external diagnosis is the fastest growing plate of Murray in the past few years.
The company’s current in vitro diagnostic operations include blood cell analyser, biochemistry analyser, chemically luminous immune analyser, condensation analyser, urine analyser, microbiological diagnostic system, etc.
During the year’s epidemic, the company also introduced a new coronary-gg/igm anti-medical test product with a high sensitivity. In 2020, the overall performance of the company’s in vitro diagnostic plate was affected by the domestic epidemic affecting routine hospital-level diagnostic operations, resulting in an operating income of $6.65 billion, an increase of only 14.31 per cent, and a gross profit of $3.97 billion, an increase of $3.97 billion.
External diagnostics have achieved high recovery growth, with companies earning $8.45 billion, or 27.12 per cent, in the area of in vitro diagnostics. Gross profits of $5.28 billion, or 33.05 per cent, have been realized. The Māori ratio of corporate in vitro diagnostic plates has likewise been maintained as a product of the great growth space in Murray, and an international breakthrough in ivd has contributed to the company’s long-term development.
First, as the most mature sub-business in vd, by increasing the input of instruments such as special and strategic machines, blood cell operations began to move into medium-high sample hospitals and third-party chains, and there was a build-up of local chemical surrogates overseas, thereby guaranteeing a stable supply of reagents while increasing value for money. Second, through blood.
The branding influence created by the industry accelerates the transformation of biochemical and chemical light from low sample hospitals to medium sample hospitals, increases the equipment delivery and gradually raises the income ratio of reagents. Finally, other vd sub-business associations, such as the catalyzing of blood, enter the hospital while biochemical and chemical light start breaking into high sample customers, and the company delivers from one product to vd.
7.3.1. Immunisation diagnostics are mainstreamed, chemically photo-immun analysis leads to growth The in vitro diagnostic products are widely applied at all stages of the clinical process, through initial diagnosis, treatment options, effectiveness
The entire process of treatment of diseases such as sexual evaluation, diagnosis and cure is an indispensable tool for modern disease and health management and precision medicine. According to alliedmarketresearch data, the global market for in vitro diagnosis was $67.11 billion in 2019, and the market for in vitro diagnosis was expected to be $91.09 billion by 2027, and the market was expanded by a combination of 2020-2027.
The rate reached 4.8 per cent, with an increase of 17.8 per cent from 45 billion yuan in 2016, according to Frost Sullivan, and a significant increase in the size of the in vitro diagnostic industry.
At the end of the decade, after more than 30 years of development, the country's in vitro diagnostic reagent industry has undergone a process of industrial upgrading from nothing to nothing, from weakness to strength, from conception to rapid growth. Depending on the principles and methods of detection, in vitro diagnosis can be classified as biochemical diagnosis, immuno-diagnosis, molecular diagnosis, blood.
Disaggregated areas such as liquid and urine diagnostics. In the early stages of the development of the in vitro diagnostics industry, biochemical diagnostic products once accounted for the largest market share. In recent years, the market share for immuno-diagnostic products has exceeded that of bio-diagnostic products and has become the largest in vitro diagnostic classification category in the domestic market, accounting for about 39% of the overall market for in vitro diagnostics, biochemical diagnostics, molecular diagnostics.
The early start of biochemical diagnostic products, the relatively mature industry, and the national generation of chemical reagent varieties are better developed, and the country has a greater price advantage than oral reagents, and already has a considerable market share. According to the Guangzhou marker medical information, in 2018, biochemical diagnostic products accounted for 18% of the total in vitro diagnostic market, which is expected to be about $10.6 billion in size.
Immunological diagnostic techniques are developed through radio-immunological analysis, enzyme immunology analysis, temporal identification, semi-automatic chemical light, and fully automated chemical lumination analysis.
The high sensitivity and high flux of rapid detection techniques, which are rapidly spreading worldwide, are the main driving forces leading the rapid development of immunization diagnostics and, as the number of detection projects available increases, will replace techniques such as radioimmunisation and enzyme combination disease analysis.
Chemical luminance: The detection project covers mainstream projects, and the acquisition of raw materials from the Broadband River. Chemical luminous technologies are the dominant orientation of current diagnostic techniques for immunisation. Chemical luminous products have the advantages of being sensitive, linearally broad, quantitatively accurate, stable and operationally simple, etc.
From its clinical application, it has become the dominant product in the field of immuno-qual analysis. In recent years, chemical light production techniques have matured, driving costs have declined, enzyme immunisation has gradually been replaced. According to Kaloma, in 2016 the country ' s share of the market was 79% in the diagnostic breakdown of immunisation, and in 2022 it is expected that the diagnosis of immuno-immunisation will be broken down.
At the same time, immunization testing as an indispensable method of detection has been widely applied to hospitals, testing agencies, laboratories, etc. The share of cancers, thyroid functions, hormones, and infectious disease detections has increased by 28.4 billion in excess of the year, with a combined growth rate of 23.93% in the last five years.
The market is still dominated by foreign companies, such as Royabesi, with a combined market of nearly 80% in 2021 for four enterprises, compared to 3.2% in the city of Murray, with a large growth space.
The overall coverage of the project is a prerequisite for increasing the load. In terms of the share of the chemical light diagnostics, the share of tumours, thyroid functions, hormones, and infectious diseases is higher, at a total of more than 70%.
Murray entered the chemical luminous field relatively late, starting with the first chemical luminous area in 2013. Murray covered all five tests in the oncology field, with a total of 20 detection projects with the capability to enter a large tria.
Shortboards, covering all mainstream projects. At the same time, domestic firms have an advantage in a number of small-scale screening projects, such as hypertension, liver fibrosis, and new crowns, with differentiated access to level-III hospitals and gradual replacement of foreign mainstream projects. The company acquires the upstream supplier of reagent raw materials hytest, the supply chain is more stable, and the reagent self-research core competition is upgraded.
In May 2021, the company acquired a core raw material supplier with €532 million in cooperation with Murray for more than a decade. Hytest, established in 1994, is the world’s leading supplier of specialized in vitro diagnostic upstream raw materials, based in the old Turku, Finland, with branches in Russia and China, with a high-quality product and reagent raw material research know-
hytest has high-quality antigens, antibody innovation, original research and self-production capabilities, creating a rich mix of products and solid technological accumulations in such niche areas as heart signs, oncology, infectious diseases, inflammation, condensation, etc.
The hytest calcium complex (troponini-t-c) was selected by the American Clinical Chemistry Association (Aaccc) as an international standard material for para-materials. In the area of heart markers, the eccentric calcium protein is the marker for measuring the ability and quality of the ivd immune system. At the technical level, hytest accumulated over nearly 30 years of its industry, with nearly 90% doctoral education.
High-level research and development teams have built the design, expression, continuous optimization, and stable production capacity of monoclonal antigens for in vitro diagnostic needs, and have been able to quickly meet continuously changing and growing market demands. At the same time, hytest has a wide and stable client base, covering all vd head manufacturers, both inside and outside the country.
The identity of suppliers of raw materials from upstream industries, determined to provide long-term, stable and sufficient supplies to global ivd users and to maintain a stable and competitive price system, and the acquisition of hytest, a company that aims to strengthen core R & D capacity-building for chemically luminous immune products and raw materials, optimized
The global layout of the downstream industrial chain provides the basis for the globalization of the company's in vitro diagnostics. Self-researching of the raw materials for immunization is an important guarantee of the clinical performance, quality and safety of the supply of reagents. The acquisition of hytest fills many gaps in the country in the field of in vitro diagnosis, cutting off the top raw materials, and Murray's medical care will supplement the self-reproductive capacity of the core materials and upgrade the core.
The raw material is self-made. It ensures quality stability, supply security, cost optimization, and helps solve the problem of the supply of raw material “cricket” in vitro diagnostics. Hytest accumulates years of solid expertise in the design, research and development and production of monocloned antibodies, which can help companies rapidly upgrade their technical expertise in material development; its professional teams, scientific innovation processes and
New technology applications to help companies pave the way for long-term development; hytest's academic and clinical exploration of new biomarkers will lead new business expansion to support high-performance research and development of products. In 2020, the company achieved a large number of peaks in Russia through a clinical performance of a new coronary-resistant tester excellence.
High-end clients that broke through in the first three quarters of this year include the Russian Grand Duke Hospital, the Russian Top2 private chain laboratory, the Saudi top-level private group hospital, the Polish teaching hospital, and so on. In the coming years, the company will continue to build up an overseas ivd business platform that supports the sale of instruments to reagents.
The business model of sales, small samples, to medium samples is a complete shift. The high-end client breakthroughs are being fully opened through the technology’s global leader blood cell products, from the sale of blood cell single machines to the blood cell flow line, to the rapid upgrading of the global market occupancy and the influence of ivd operations.
Synergy between products, leading to the admission of other vd operations such as chemical luminous, biochemical, condensed blood, thus providing clients with a comprehensive laboratory-wide solution and an infosystem, increasing penetration while deepening client glue, and laying a solid foundation for the internationalization of vd.
The rapid release of the current water line is expected to stimulate growth in performance.
It is based on full automation, which maximizes and efficiently handles the testing requirements for repeated testing. The current line is well matched to the high demand for testing in level III hospitals, avoiding congestion, while the current line is highly exclusive, and the equipment of the stream line is often tied to the manufacturer's reagents in depth. In short, the current line is not just the future.
The trend is a deep moat, and it is a strategic high point for future chemical luminous companies to compete. We have pre-empted foreign investment in the current-line market, which began in 2001 and has been heavily installed since 2013, and commercial-line products such as Rhodes, Yape, Beckman, Siemens, etc. have been registered in the country and have begun to lay the market.
Post-national producers have made a breakthrough, but the market share is only 1 to 2%, and by the end of 2020 the country was likely to have more than 2,000 current water lines. According to the brand of 300 hospitals with running water lines, we estimate the current pattern of competition in domestic water lines, and it can be observed that in domestic terminal hospitals, Baker was registered in the country during the period 2013-2015.
Man, Rhodes, and Siemens have the highest run-off lines. Usually, the run-off lines have a useful life of about 8-10 years, and a large number of hospitals are expected to face the need to replace the imported stream in 2022-2025.
In addition to the launch of the Japan-Afironpam system, itla fully-open automated laboratory system, Murray, through a modular combination, has innovatively integrated biochemical, immune, blood, blood-creative, four-Power independent detection systems.
With China's first fully autonomous monitoring module, the flow line m6000. The flow line is equipped with an information data management system that allows for an interactive management of the entire process data and, through large data analysis, the establishment of the corresponding automatic check-up, review rules, critical-value alerts, etc., together with the Section, shortens the reporting tat time and works together to create a new, modern, standardized and systematized system.
Laboratories. The market is expected to take over rapidly during the 2022-2025 wave. Figure 95: Ferrem 6,000 full laboratory intelligent currents 7.3.4. Collection is expected to accelerate national production replacements
On 19 August 2021, Anhui Province proposed a centralized procurement of reagents of the chemical luminous ivd (in vitro diagnostic product), which was the first domestic collection of vd. The collection was carried out on 11 November 2021, with a procurement cycle in principle of 2 years; the procurement volume was 80 per cent of the previous year ' s procurement volume as agreed volume, and the enterprise or import.
On August 27, Anhui announced the results of the bid collection, which averaged the company’s winning number of products first in the country. On September 29, 2021, the Nanjing Medical Insurance Agency held a general price negotiation with Murray, mainly on the subject of in vitro diagnosis.
Reagents (ivd) and osteoporosis products show an overall 35.51% reduction, which is nearly 12 percentage points lower than in Anhui province. After the introduction of the 2022 collection, the company’s sales in Nanjing are expected to double.
(1) From 2018 to 2020, Murray has achieved remarkable results in the field of in vitro diagnosis, with 1,000, 3,000, 3100 chemical luminators, 3,000, 6,000, 8900 equipment stock, 650 million yuan, 1.2 billion yuan, and 2.150 billion yuan in total sales.
After this Enlightenment, in which the company was involved in the project, the company is expected to further consolidate its national production leadership and accelerate (2) from the vd product marketing process, the four rings generate three prices: factory prices, hospital admission prices, and hospital fees.
The reduction in the profits of the intermediate distributors was much more moderate than the collection of other medical devices in the past, and the further reduction in the collection in Nanjing was further reversed, and was fully acceptable to Murray, and even more likely after the winning bid (3) the collection took place at the vanguard of the medical reform, which was not the top five in the external diagnostic market; and this was added.
The secondary collection selected 80 per cent of the procurement volume for 2020, compared with the low procurement volume for the epidemic itself in 2020, which resulted in1 the outbreak exposed the country ' s medical grids, the opening of new medical infrastructure at various locations, increased demand for medical equipment end-of-life, accelerated growth of the disease-induced corporate outreach abroad, and a significant increase in demand for aed public spaces, microscopic surgery such as hard mirrors and ultrasound.
There is much room for substitution for imports of products such as knives, caskets, etc., and we expect life support and information plates to be collected in 2022-2024,2 and the company's acquisition of upstream raw material manufacturer, sea pelicans, has significantly increased the strength of the in vitro diagnostic product, while at the same time, the policy for the acquisition of luminous belts is expected to accelerate domestic import substitution, and products such as large current water lines will lead to the completion of the vd product.
With rapid physical growth, we expect an in vitro diagnostic plate to grow income in 2022-2024, with demand for medical new infrastructure-led terminals increasing, while the company's aggressive growth in veterinary operations is expected to become public, taking into account the strong domestic leadership of corporate building blocks and the growth in demand for medical new infrastructure-led terminals; 2, and the epidemic.
To speed up the pace of corporate internationalization;3 to have a promising emerging business market, based on comparable corporate valuations, we maintain the main business section of the reference company, we select the main business product as a guardian, and we have a syllabi instrument that overlaps with the company's life support and letter business; to operate as a new industry that has chemical light and overlaps with the company's in vitro diagnostics; and to operate as a major business.
In the case of fluorescence endoscopic mirrors, which combines the company's micro-surgery business with the new Hae-tae light; in the case of the main business, which overlaps with the company's medical image business, and in the case of co-location of Aushua mirrors in the field of medical equipment, as comparable companies, the following table is used for comparative corporate valuations:
1. The risk of fluctuations in relations between China and the United States: If China and the United States continue to deteriorate in the future, this will have a negative impact on the company ' s overseas operations and may affect the supply of certain parts of the company.
The company focuses on the development of micro-surgery, veterinary, aed, etc., and actively explores seed business such as super-high colours, decide diagnostics, or osteoporosis. If future new products are not replicated as expected, this will result in less than expected growth in corporate income.
3. The risk of a higher level of revenue and profitability for companies is likely to arise if future procurement policies are further extended to medical equipment with a higher price reduction.
The company's overseas operations, which account for more than 40 per cent of the year, will result in higher exchange rate fluctuations, resulting in the company's operating income and surplus.