Chang-Ann's car (000625.sz)
Event: On November 25, 2023, Zhang An and Hua signed an Investment Cooperation Memorandum to create a company for the development, design, production, sale and servicing of automobile smart systems and components, which is to be financed by the trader and its associates
China is a model of multi-dimensional cooperation in automobile business, with new companies gaining technological empowerment. The model of cooperation with the whole of the car is divided into a model of he/she/think selection, and a series of brands creating multi-cars.
The agreement between Chang An and Hua provides for the establishment of a target company whose business practices include car smart driving solutions, car smart cabins, smart car digital arrays, smart car clouds, arhud and smart car lights, etc., and will be dedicated to target company business models.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Related technology, assets and personnel in the perimeter are injected into the target company, with China leading the carbu business. Total market value/flow (millions)
The full advantage is transferred to the new company. 12 months of maximum/minimum value. Chang An and Hua have a deep history of cooperation, and strategic cooperation is moving to a new mileage.
Chang An Car (000625). Three-quarterly report: monthly, there were 2110.6 million vehicles sold, an increase of 10.76 per cent compared to the previous year, with a sharp increase in the performance of the autonomous brand q3 and the pace of transformation of new energy sources.
Of the 17,477,000 vehicles, an increase of 15.93% over the same period, the strategic effect of the autonomous branding was evident. Of these, Chang An and Hua, in collaboration with the Aveta brand, have now launched the Aveta 11/12 model, which is expected to be in place in 2024, with new models for the interior code-named e15 and e16, the company.
In addition, it is expected to join the Chang An-hwa cooperative camp to promote the development and application of new technologies, as well as radiation to other self-owned branding models, and deep intelligent transformation to boost vehicle sales.
The company is expected to benefit from a further deepening of the cooperative arrangement. The Chang-Ann vehicle proposes to acquire no more than 40% of the equity of the target company, which is expected to exceed the market margin, and then to renew or continue to open up the subscriptions, with priority being given to bringing in strategic partners.
On the profit side, the investment returns of the joint venture were $198 million in January-September 2023. In terms of sales, Chang-Ann, in conjunction with the overall strategy of Hua, is expected to gain access to the core technology of a car-bu smart car and to significantly enhance the Chang-Ahn autonomous brand.
The level of smartness of the vehicle and its combined competitiveness bring significant sales and profit elasticity.
Chang An Automotive: We're running a new mile for Chang An, and we're going to create a smart car solution that can be built on a multi-dimensional incremental scale, and we're going deep in the layout of our car business, and we're going deep in intelligent technology.
In 2014, China set up a car-networking laboratory within the “Labour 2012” to carry out research on car-networking, and in May 2019, China officially set up the Smart Motor Solutions Bu sector, which introduced multiple solutions at the end, tube, cloud, three levels of vehicle-networking, positioning the hardware and software systems integrator and establishing close collaboration with a large number of car companies.
Focusing on many technological advantages, deep-powered cars. China provides innovative architecture and digital platform-based elements for a platform-plus eco-development strategy, enabling cars to develop smart cars efficiently. In its "1+8+n" scenario-wide smart life strategy, "1" represents smart phones; "8" stands for big screens, panels, pc, wearable devices, cars, etc.: "n" stands for paniot equipment, with cars as the key strategy.
Hardware, for self-researching mdc autopilots, provides scalable isomeric algorithms for autopilots; data, for in-depth collaboration with car companies through the hi model and the smart selection model, while self-researching the ancient auto model 3.0, for accelerating auto-driving overlap processes; algorithms and algorithms, for algorithms, use the "bev+transformer" super-package of the god-based network based on the first wave
The integration of laser radar into the gaeb technology, the training of an arithmetic platform with autopilots, has been successful in achieving acillary driving capabilities that are not dependent on high-precision graphics, with multiple competitive advantages for the depth of the vehicle.
Figure 3 calculates the cluster for Tungai, the multi-modal cooperative model for China, and the intelligent technology enabling new company for China, which created Avita in the context of the multi-modal partnership model.
The model is divided into three main models. First, as a supplier of parts and components, providing vehicles with smart components such as laser radar, arhud, etc., and second, as a platform provider, which provides bottom hardware, algorithms and development platforms, the company is autonomous in building a holistic solution under which the Avita brand, working with Chang An, is created; and third, as a provider of all-out solutions, provides in-depth cooperation with the company and provides intelligence.
It's a whole-of-a-car solution. Figure 4 shows the cooperative model of automobile operations, and it supplies smart car solutions and spare parts.
Structure: cca+vehiclestack smart car cloud service: octopus platform, ota cloud service, triple cloud service, etc.
Smart network modules: vehicle gateways, c-v2x, t-smart driving modules: mdc and ancillary tool chains, intense light radar, millimetre wave radar, cameras, adas
Smart seating module: Hongmun system, motor module, smart electrical module: electric power, battery management, 800v high voltage platform, charged stump, etc.;
Smart car control module: vdc, heat management ts, etc.; Smart car carrying module: ar-hud, self-adaptation light system adb, etc.
China injects the full range of car smart technology into a new company. The Chang An-hwa cooperation agreement provides for the establishment of a target company, which, according to the announcement, covers automobile smart driving solutions, car smart cabins, smart car digital platforms, smart car clouds, arhud and smart car lights, etc., and injects relevant technology, assets and personnel dedicated to the target company’s business.
Billing Company, Hua is the leading driver of carbu business in all its aspects and is transferred to a new company. 1) Auto-smart driving solution: adas smart driving solution with software and hardware such as mdc and tool chains, laser radars, millimetre waves, cameras, etc.; car smart seating: the HONG-Mong engine system is owned and contains models such as engine modules, control screens, etc.
2) Smart car digital platforms: software defines the "black land" of cars, service-oriented software frameworks and basic software platforms, including smart cabin harmonvos, smart car control vols, smart driver aos: 3) smart car clouds: covering octopus platforms, 0ta cloud services, tri-voluntage services, providing data for cloud processing, training, imitation
(iv) Aar-hud:ar-hud for the first time combined with the depth of an intelligent driving system, allows for the presentation of the scenes, which, in addition to the régime-ar navigation, have multiple functions such as projecting the image of the vehicle on the windshield, achieving a big picture, digital elves, etc.:
5) Smart car lamps: Smart car lamps solutions provide 2.6 million pixels for double lamps and are capable of precision integration algorithms, which can be integrated with intelligent driving systems, including innovative applications such as interactive light blankets for early warning in blind areas through narrow lanes and lighting blankets for driving lead guides.
Chart 5 is hardware support for the mdc platform and scenario application
Chart 8 is a map of the desktop of the Hong Meng module, and chart 7 is an official release of arhud.
In July 2018, Chang An and Hua jointly invested in the creation of the Chang An Wei Wei New Energy Company Ltd., with a 50% share ratio. On May 20, 20, 20, 2021, Chang An Wei has limited technology for new energy vehicles.
In May 2021, it changed its name to Avita Technologies, which introduced a capital increase for shareholders such as Ningde in August of the same year, and in June 2022, China officially signed a comprehensive strategic partnership agreement to engage deeply in technology development such as the Avita smart cabin, the Smart Driver, etc.
In August of 2023, Aveta 11 launched the first-car, Aveta 11, which is a luxurious electrical suv layout.
Avita was officially listed on November 10th, and delivery is expected to start by the end of the year. The new bus is a harmonyos4-based Hong Menton module, with deep human-car interaction at the system level, and a high-level intelligent driving system, ads. 2.0, has an intellectual driving experience covering the high-speed, urban and parking sections. At the same time, internal codes e15, e16 are expected to be used.
In July 2022, and June 2023, respectively, the two new models were launched. The deep blue models provide a variety of power forms, such as pure electricity, incrementals, and basics.
In October 2023, deep blue brands were sold at 15,000, which is competitive compared to the same price, and are expected to join the Chang An-hwa partnership camp, promote the development and use of new technologies, and undergo a deep intellectual transformation.
Chang-Ang's new mile, the smart driver's multi-dimensional incremental time, the autonomous + joint venture multi-brand layout, the model is in a continuous roll-out, the multi-car series is launched, and the strategic effects of the autonomous branding are evident.
Aveta's Autonomous Brand Matrix. The car-covering sedan, suv and mpv markets, represented by the cs series, the uni series, the Open Source series, the Oshan brand, are mainly located in the 5-20 million-grade submersion car market, contributing to the company's main sales of autonomous brands.
Sl03/s7 and Aveta 11/12 are popular models that promote high-end autonomous brands. The joint venture brands include, among others, Long Anfort and Long Anjanda. In January-October 2023, Chang An sold 211.006 million vehicles, an increase of 10.76 per cent over the same period, of which 17.47.7 million are autonomous brands, an increase of 15.93 per cent over the same period.
Figure 13 Overview of company main products and prices, Figure 14 Summary of part of the company ' s vehicle model, Figure 15 Monthly sales of corporate ownership and joint ventures (cars)
On November 25, 2023, Chang An and Hua signed the Memorandum of Investment Cooperation to create a project to develop and install a vehicle smart system and components solution.
The parties plan to sign the final transaction documents, including the share purchase agreement, the equity-to-equity agreement, and other related documents, within six months of the date of signing of this memorandum, and it is expected that the associated shares will continue to be open for subscriptions and that priority will be given to bringing in strategic partners to join.
Chart 16 Memorandum of Understanding on Investment Cooperation. Chart 17 Memorandum of Understanding on Investment Cooperation.
The announcement by Chongqing Changyan Motors Co. Ltd. regarding the signing of the Memorandum of Investment Cooperation guarantees that the disclosure is true, accurate and complete, without false recording, misleading or misleading.
1. The memorandum of cooperation signed at this time is based on an intention to cooperate, with subsequent project cooperation based on the final transaction document signed, with uncertainty as to its implementation and progress. The company will follow the approval process and comply with its information disclosure obligations in a timely manner in accordance with the progress made on the matter, and investors will be invited to pay attention to the investment climate.
This memorandum of understanding is intended to be a document that will not have a significant impact on the company's business performance during the year.
Chang An's car is a new mile for Chang An, so smartly equipped with a multi-dimensional incremental period, Avita, among other brands, asked if the new M7 has been listed for 64 days, with a cumulative breakthrough of 90,000 in 64 days, and in October, with over 11,000 deliveries, a billboard, and now a big supermarket. The Avita 12 model was officially released on November 10, and only 6 days of the market has been listed for 15,000.
In a comprehensive strategic partnership with China, Chang An is expected to gain access to the core technology of car-bu smart cars, and to significantly improve the intellectualization of long-and-autonomous branded vehicles and their combined competitiveness, bringing significant sales and profit elasticities. China is an intellectual-intellectual-deep-breathing-up, with a strong return on corporate investment.
On the profit side, the decline in joint venture brand sales has had a certain impact on company performance in recent years, from $198 million in January-September 2023 to $251 million in January 2023 and $9,882 million in net profit returns over the same period last year, an increase of 43.2 per cent.
40% of the new company’s shareholdings, followed by the profits of the new company, or the returns on the company’s investment will be recorded in the form of the return on the investment, thus increasing the company’s return on the investment.
We've spent a lot of money on front-load R & D. We're looking forward to reaping the benefits after we've crossed the investment period. We've invested a lot more in front-loading, reaching 7,000 people in 2022, with a cumulative investment of $3 billion, income and profit curves of just $2,077 million, slow progress in recent years, pessimistic scenarios, and there may be a long-term risk of sustained losses.
The sales began in 2024, assuming that the multi-brand brand of the car would achieve 600,000 sales, corresponding to 24 billion revenues, and that investment in research and development, etc., was expected to spread quickly and achieve a balance of gains and losses. It was assumed that 1.83.6 million sales would be achieved in 2025 and 2030, respectively.
(1) Unexpected sales of new energy vehicles; 2) Failure to sign formal investment cooperation agreements; 3) Increased competition in the industry, etc.
Chang An's car: We're running a new mile for Chang An.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.