China has intensified its cooperation and multi-brand resonance has accelerated the transformation.
In the past, driven by policy, new vehicle supply and demand outbreaks, domestic sales of new energy vehicles are expected to increase continuously; with lower- and medium-end prices with relatively low penetration of new energy sources, lower upstream costs and increased availability of new vehicles such as Chang An/Biadi are expected to contribute to industry in the future.
(ii) Intelligentity dimension: bev+transformer technology gets in, software technology changes bring a perception drop/scenario that both sides of the supply and demand resonance drive the wiring point. Players take advantage of the bev network to achieve a higher level of intellectual inactivity (light) so that cars can move to a wider range.
Wide-minded driving functions; at the same time, through enhanced software framework capabilities, automobile companies are expected to reduce their dependence on perception end hardware, reduce their costs, spread their intellectual driving functions to lower prices, and consumer acceptance is expected to increase further.
Corporate-side historical rediscovery: Third Entrepreneurship Starts Up. Long An has a two-time history of starting a business, moving into a car, running a business, and increasing market share. Stock price mapping angles. Yearly fuel trucks are all rejuvenated, shares are up fast, the wind of electric transitions starts, Davis double-clicking drives.
In the future, the company’s third business start-up is full-scale start-up of smart motors in cars, multi-brand layouts with different price bands, a powerful new cycle for smart technologies, a clear market share – and one-car profits – and stock prices are expected to rise again.
• Company-end outlook: Unlocking + Deep Blue + Avita 3 brand resonances. The layout is 5-400,000 dollars on the mainstream car price belt, and the full-scale ev+phev+erev is heavily covered to create a leading brand image with clear advantages such as low fuel consumption + large space + power; and in the field of intellectual driving, it is long.
Andresda focuses on the bottom structure, centralizing the target structure + hardware standardization + software service to achieve high-quality "software-defined cars" at a lower cost and to guarantee fast-track ota iterative upgrades.
The top technology sector actively embraces China, co-organizing a joint venture, deepening the form of equity, compared to +23 per cent, and relies on its five major systems, such as the "Intelligent/Sitage/Electrified/Crowd/Web Network" to study the highest levels of wisdom in closed circles.
It is expected that the market share will increase at an accelerated rate as a result of technology-enabling new brands of its own and improved competitiveness of products. 18/21/17 times, with five whole-car companies selected as comparable companies with a/h shareholdings as long-assed cars, the volume of renewals and the in-depth empowerment of intellectuals is expected to make up for the company’s disadvantage in the area of intelligence and drive the failure to do so.
The rate of industrial intelligent driving is lower than expected. 1. Industry dimensions: electric penetration is on the rise, and intelligent driving is on the rise.
Electricity penetration rates have continued to rise, new energy vehicle sales & penetration are expected to rise at full prices in the future, and the industry has grown significantly. From January 2019 to October 2023, the monthly sales of high-risk new vehicles rose from 103,000 to 7.13 million, while new energy penetrations have increased significantly.
The rate rose from 3.9 per cent to 37.8 per cent, and the new energy automobile industry was growing rapidly. In October 23 of a single month, the total volume of new energy vehicles was 7.13 million, with a corresponding ring ratio of +59.1 per cent/+1.9 per cent; the new energy penetration rate was 37.8 per cent, with the same ring ratio of supply and demand rising + the policy being driven continuously, and the future rate of new energy penetration is expected to continue the high growth trend.) At the supply end:
In the new energy sector, where new models are frequent, low prices + long renewals highlight the advantages of low-cost use, good driving experience, high-priced, intelligent experience, and bev+phev+erev combined, while industry players continue to develop fuel-fired fuel-car exit plans, and supply ends continue to accelerate the electric transformation of the company itself. 2) Policy end: new energy models are complemented.
In 2023, the new energy vehicle & power-load subsidy policy was introduced throughout the country. Although the new energy subsidy was eliminated, the exemption from the purchase tax continued, the new energy source continued to enjoy a larger policy than the fuel vehicle, and the 24-25 acquisition tax exemption continued, halving the 26-27 acquisition tax.) At the end of the demand: the new energy vehicle model.
The continued heat sales, with one to two high-acceptance star cars in each of the price bands between $50,000 and $500,000, and increased awareness and user acceptance of the electric front brands of Tesla, Biadey, Ideal, etc., are expected to lead to a further increase in the penetration of new energy sources.
Luxury market penetration is relatively low. From a breakdown of the price bands, there was a significant increase in the sale of new energy vehicles by price & penetration rate in 2019-2023, with the latest data for October 2023: 150,000-100,000: new energy vehicle sales + 17.2/+6.5 pct, respectively; and over 400,000: new energy sales: 27,000, with a penetration rate of 24.9 per cent and a link ratio -
Upstream cost prices have fallen, lower prices have increased the number of new vehicles, and new energy markets have evolved towards a sophisticated structure that is expected to drive the total volume of new energy sales further up. The share of low-cost vehicle sales in the market-wide share of new energy prices is small, while the share of high-priced vehicle sales remains high, with less than 100,000 and more than 200,000 vehicle-type sales taking place in October 2023.
At the same time, the cost of large upstream raw materials, represented by lithium carbonate, has been consistently lower in the country since the beginning of the year, and the cost of batteries has driven the development of low-cost cars. With the rise in supply – demand breaking – we expect low prices below the next $150,000.
There is much room for higher-middle-end market branding barriers and relatively high competition; middle-low-end market competition patterns are relatively blue, and larger market spaces are expected to breed super-exploitation. 1) For high-end markets, between $200,000 and $500,000 in prices, there is a new energy market.
The current model of motor3, modely, Biadehan, ideal l7/l8/l9 and m7 has created an initial branding awareness, and industry players have continued to accelerate the distribution of medium- and high-end market products, new power-making enterprises such as Peng/Aure/Mmy, and traditional car brands such as Tung/Aveta/Sweefan/Wei/Change
The introduction of new cars with relatively intense competition and the gradual entrenchment of leading branding will further make it more difficult for backcomers to move upwards. 2) Medium- and low-end market brands are less observable and relatively less competitive. Demand dimensions, consumption by middle- and low-end market users, are distinguished from primary product value ratios, and brand perceptions are less sticky; supply dimensions, currently medium- and low-end market products are supplied.
For a relatively small number of vehicles such as Yuan plus/Qinpus/Sangpro/Seagulls, the major market share is expected, and the larger market space at the lower and medium end of the future is expected to give birth to a super-blasted car. With the speed of driving, new technological changes are expected to lead to new trends in the industry.
1.2.1. Software-led technological change, hardware downscaling & panorama-driven upgrading of the intellectual driving function Tesla leads the technology direction and is expected to achieve a high-level autopilot program. Tesla based on fsdv11.4.1 from the bev+transformer+occupancywork program for North American users in May 2023
Started to spread the senses in urban street scenes + 36%, cross scenes + 44%, combined scenes + 27%, turning scenes + 16%. When Tesla's new auto-pilot architecture was introduced, it was endorsed by industry firms, and major players such as domestic ideals, pelicans, Biadi, and Chinese suppliers used the bev +transformer approach to the new generation.
Motion-driving perception programs are modeled. The ideal car and Cyrus (Ads 2.0) are network-occupying techniques, with a full view of Tesla in the algorithm architecture. While the current urban noa function is equipped with laser radar as a redundant sensor configuration for security reasons, as the algorithm matures, it is possible to lower the reliance on laser radars as the algorithm matures.
Panorama + drop demand determines the industry’s tendency for software to dominate + hardware convergence. The three stages of intelligent driving history are accompanied by functional upgrades, progressive expansion of the coverage landscape, and progressive optimization of product experience.
A higher-dimensional driving scene, such as a global driving aid, a structured road pilot and a global pilot, and a cost reduction in the long-cycle dimension through perception and decision-making hardware and software upgrades.
With respect to the main plant, cars speeded up the drive-by. Teslafsd China continued to progress; China accelerated the drive-down process and will cover the entire country by the end of the year; the small pelican car would cover 25 cities in the country by the end of November; the country would open 50 cities at the end of December; the country would be fully covered by a network of major cities in 2024; and Europe would be covered by the end of 2024.
The ideal is to achieve a full-scale, smart-drive of the country’s high-speed and ring lines and 100 cities by the end of the year, supported by a full-scale drive of lcc, and 6/20/400,000 km of the cumulative urban lead route of q4/24h1/24h2 respectively. The spread of urban noa marks a real move from high-level assistive driving to autopilot.
In terms of downstream demand, intellectual interest & acceptance. Smart drive to lower costs + panorama. According to November 23, smart drive has become the second major concern for users other than prices and brands. 31% of users focus on intelligent driving.
The target is over 70%, the target is over 80%, and the urban noa is gradually open to an intellectual driving ratio that crosses the 50% threshold. Users' attention and attention to intellectual driving continues to increase.
Modularization programs are less generalized. The framework for smart driving algorithms is basically two main categories: 1) modularization programs; 2) end-to-end programs. By 2023, industry had adopted the most modular automated driving systems, with the advantage that the entire structure was very simple, with different sub-modules that could be developed in parallel and independently monitored, effectively increasing the efficiency of development.
It's all the modules that need to be designed manually and that may be able to solve most of the autopilot scenes with very little effort, but a small portion of Cornercase would take a lot of effort to do one-to-one-point solutions, and it would be difficult to actually scale up.
Using the bev+transformer+occupancywork, the first to achieve end-to-end, the core is that the vehicle sends the collected information directly into a unified deep learning network and, after its processing, directly exports the auto-pilot command. Compared to modular systems, it is less difficult to design + less costly hardware to access.
The end-to-end program is efficient and full-scale, but highly dependent on high-calculation chip hardware for continuous training of algorithms with sufficient source data (including roadwork and simulation data) to ensure rapid rotation. The end-to-end program has software capabilities that are “necessary” for the entire factory.
Use of network algorithm applications, oem intellectual ability to further reduce reliance on laser radars and maps; future car, car smart driving races will revolve around the ability to calculate platforms in a broad sense, and the industrial chain focus will evolve from “upstream supply providers (i.e. tier1/2) to “upstream suppliers (chips hardware) + downstream”
For the mainframe plant, full-scale self-researching of hardware and software can build strong barriers to competition, centred on achieving a better product experience at a lower cost. 2. Corporate dimensions: multi-brand new car cycles strong, embraces China as a driver of change.
2.1. Reverse history: three transformational entrepreneurships, a large cycle of electro-intellectual catalyzing The long An car has a deep historical and wide-area global layout, forming a powerful brand life. First entrepreneurship: responding to national calls, exploring civilian micro-cars. In 1984, Chang An made the first small cars in China: 1996
In 2010, the number of cars sold by the Chinese brand of Chang'an has accumulated 5 million vehicles. Immediately after that, Chang'an rolled out a compact suv, such as cs55, and accumulated in 2014.
Third entrepreneurship: using electric intelligence as a way to create innovative entrepreneurship schemes, to move to the level of sales, the dimension of autonomous branding, the share of long-term self-assertive vehicle sales increased from 0.5% to 7% in 2005-2010, and the annual average sales of cabs was 127.71%, representing cars of joy, running, etc.
In 2018, the company launched the Oshan brand, in 2020 it launched the un series, and in 2022 it launched the new energy brands Deep Blue and Avita, which allowed for a gradual recovery in the sales volume.
In 2013-2016, sales rose rapidly, from 680,000 to 940,000. Since 2017, the joint venture has moved into a downward adjustment period. At the stock price level, the vehicle has undergone three major cycles since 2013: 1) 2013-2018:
The starting point of the cycle is driven by a cs75 boom, positioning a level suv market against a Huffh6: a long Anford model is imported into the domestic market, total group sales/profits and valuations are reversible, stock prices are up and down, followed by a drop in the share of the suv market as a result of the roll-out of competitions, such as BM/JI
Since the beginning of the year, the new engine cycle has been strong, with a brand-new newer vehicle, such as cs75/cs55/River, and a new one, accompanied by a rejuvenation of the product matrix of uni k/t/v, while the company continues to push for efficiency gains and better sales/performance; and a rapid increase in the share of autonomous brands has been driven by the electric transformation of the industry.
Since 2021h2, due to the decline of the new energy plate, the decline in the valuation has led to a reversal of the share price. 3) Since 2022: the power of both electric intelligence, deep blue + avita+ the power-driven transition of the power supply, which has led to a new technology cycle for empowerment. Since April 22, the new cycle of technology has been launched.
Deep Blue/Avita is a high-end market with two major brands, with a full new start-up sequence released in 2023, multi-car models such as a05/q05 driving the new energy transformation of the long Angkor brand; in the area of smart driving, with a joint venture with China, with no more than 40 per cent of the shares in the system, joining forces as weight-sized shareholders, with a technology-enabling new and powerful cycle, and a strong combined acceleration of electric intelligence.
It is expected that a new technology/product/value three resonance rounds will be launched. 2.2. Electrodynamicization: kick-start + deep blue + Aveta three brand resonance, strong new cycle-driven transition 2024, multiple start-up/Aveta/deep blues, and a new cycle.
Source sales as a whole have continued to rise, with models representing long Anlumin, deep blues 7 and deep blues 03, October 2023, with 1,40.7 per cent and 0.9 million vehicles, respectively, accounting for 26.7 per cent and 16.3 per cent/12.1 per cent; and 32.4 per cent of new energy penetration for the company due month, figure 14: Summary of new energy models for the long-sale autonomous brand.
Figure 15: Longan’s main new energy vehicle sales (ten thousand) and new energy penetration rates. Newly listed vehicles are competitive, opening up a robust cycle. Start-up a05, start-up q05, Avita12, and start delivery on o4. Start-up a05 vs. Biadi Qinplusdm-i/Galacticl6, prices, power, and continuation.
The value-for-money advantages are highlighted by oil consumption; the opening q05 vs. Yadizon prodm-i/Galactic l7/Havron dragons, with a competitive advantage in large space plus strong performance plus comfort; and the Aveta 12 vs. the Bibliography 7/Ureet7, with an imminent listing, with 15,000 broken orders for six days on the market.
Looking forward to 2024, deep blue/start-up/Avita will also introduce two to three new models, with a total of about seven full-scale new vehicle-type positioning areas of between $100,000 and $300,000, covering a variety of products such as cars/suv, while the old deep blue brands, which are intelligently empowered, will be marketed with full power.
2.3. Intelligentity: The bottom architecture itself is defined, and embraces China as a technology enabler, joining the first echelon of self-evolvement: the Bei Doo Sky Consort, which focuses on hardware standardization and software service bottom architecture, and the sda architecture is the cornerstone of the development of the long-an-car itself towards industrial intelligence.
For the first time, the sda technology architecture platform concept was released, the visualization platform and the concept car cd 701 were further published in 2022, and the “new species of smart cars”, supported by the new sda architecture of the Third Scientific and Technological Ecology Congress in 2023, were self-defined in their shape, scene, functionality, and were equipped with “intelligent, intellectual, intellectual” capabilities to be “hardware”
The four features of interpolability, landscape layout, eco-requireability, and system evolution are aimed at achieving a “centralised ee architecture plus service-based software architecture plus standardized hardware architecture” to support faster upgrades. Developing a new ecology around cars, the ee architecture supports a rapid rotation of the entire vehicle.
Building, system time synchronisation ~1us will also take the country's first self-design module, the "unibrain super-cerebral central computing platform." Three entry points will be opened, car and home, car hardware ecological platform 1+3+x will be built, and the entire life cycle of hardware and software will be sustainable and upgraded to meet the needs of various users at different stages of the vehicle scene.
The Division developed a new generation of batteries to ensure international leadership and speed up the `chip, device, map, nuclear, cloud, web, sky' technology. Year after year, the Jianan vehicle will launch more than 20 heavy-pound products globally, of which Jianan is responsible for 10, Deep Blue 6, and 2.3.2. External enablement: Unilever aims to deepen technology and accelerate the intelligent transformation process.
China is a multi-domain integration software provider that locates core incremental parts integration solutions in the field of smart electric power based on the core - cca architecture + telecommunications. On the basis of ict technology, five major smart systems (smart drivers/smart cabins/intelligent electrics/smart car clouds/intelligent networks)
Full-store solution of smart components (intelligent screen +ar-hud+ integrated heat management + perception iron triangles, etc.) The whole traffic channel/brand/product definition capability continues to evolve, enabling downstream cars.
Hard power will be a long-term leader in protecting China. Soft power like China's own channel + brand power + marketing is also a leader, and multi-year terminal accumulation has given China a unique advantage in consumer insight and product definition.
Technology + Channel marketing is a core advantage. Technology dimensions: it is a home-grown, home-grown, high-level intellectual driving technology.
1) Data: Hyperdata collection and arithmetic capacity continuously optimizes functional experience. Since April, ads 2.0 has built a rich landscape pool of over 10 million miles per day from the Huai training cluster, and the algorithm model for auxiliary driving is updated every five days. As of September 2023, ads 2.0 long-range pilot took over the average mileage.
Upgraded to 200km (114km in April). 2) Hardware: CCS provides peripheral support in conjunction with peripheral self-research hardware.
Acoustic radars provide 200 tops algorithms as core computing hardware. 3) Software: bev+god 2.0+rcr 2.0 perfect software architectures to cover more graphic scenes. This is a combination of bev bird visions and the first god 2.0 network in the industry (general barrier detection, recognition of alien objects).
+rcr 2.0 (Road Tapping Logic Network, Matching Navigation Maps and Display Networks) to achieve functional landings in algorithmic structures similar to Teslabev+ occupation networks. Channel marketing dimensions, combined with sub-line mode, take advantage of the end-touch advantage of mobile phones.
On-line: China has a multi-year operating base, with a broad user base with a significant low-flux function. Underline: China has a well-developed bottom-up matrix with extensive coverage, a web site covering the city’s core business and many long-tailed cities. In order to accumulate a rich and effective marketing strategy for mobile phone operations, China is integrating advertising ideas and brand positioning.
On 25 November 2023, the company signed a memorandum of cooperation on investment with China Technology Ltd. (hereinafter, “Hong Kong”, Guangdong Province) in the Yonggang District of Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province.
Companies that develop, design, produce, sell and service components solutions (hereinafter referred to as “target companies”), which intend to invest in the target company and engage in strategic cooperation, both support the target company as the leader of the Chinese-based, global and service-oriented automobile smart systems and component solutions industry.
The company works with China to establish a subsidiary in the form of a joint equity venture to deepen technology empowerment and accelerate the transformation of intelligence. 1) Modalities of cooperation: A establishes a target company whose business ranges include car smart driving solutions, car smart cabins, smart car digital platforms, smart car clouds, ar-hud and smart car lights, etc., and will be dedicated to the target company ' s scope of operations.
The technology, assets and personnel in question are injected into the target company; B and its associates are proposing to finance no more than 40% of the equity of the target company. At the same time, A will not, in principle, engage in a business that competes with the scope of the target company, and B will fully advance strategic synergies with the target company.) As a follow-up, the target company will have access to existing strategic partners.
Investors of strategic value, such as car firms, have gradually opened up their equity interests to become diversified firms. 3) For the medium and long term, this collaboration will accelerate the construction of a complete, autonomous, leading, fully intelligent and structured vehicle capacity for the intelligent age, and bring about a fully robust transition to intelligent, low-carbon mobile technology companies.
On the basis of the following core assumptions, we forecast the profits of the Cheonan vehicles for 2023-2025. 1) The Chang An autonomous vehicle fleet achieved a volume of 163.5/201.0/217.0 million in 2025, equivalent to 18/21/17 times. On the basis of the domestic whole-car sales industry, we have selected five companies with a/h shareholdings.
As a comparable company with a long-assed car, the average value of a comparable company is 18/14/11 times higher. Given the positive transformation of the company’s head brand + the listing of a new brand of multiple cars, a new cycle of powerful new cars is expected to be launched in 2024, and sales are expected to increase; and collaboration in the field of intellectual ability is smart enough to enable brands to make up for the company’s shortcomings in intelligent driving and cabins.
On the whole, we believe that Chang-Am should enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The recovery in demand for passenger cars is lower than expected.
Industry smart driving is less widespread than expected. If industry’s high-level intellectual driving function is expanding less rapidly than expected, it is likely that it will be more profitable for the company as a whole and for the supply chain.
This could affect the competitiveness of the company’s cooperative vehicle model, and may have an impact on the future sale of the vehicle. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), the three major financial forecasts for the vehicle, Dong Oo Securities Inc., Inc., is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.