Quinlon Wanvi (300418.sz): "The Skywork Large Model 3.0" was published in the near future, and the employee's motivation showed confidence Quinlon Wanvi (300418.sz)
Billion parameter moe hybrid expert model; (2) Klon Vanviai music production model " Skywork " will open free invitation to society as of 2 April, and the official version will also be available on April 17 for Von Tritin Media Internet and overseas chief analysis.
The first restricted stock incentive programme of the year will be launched in the face of a targeted surge in core technical (operational) personnel. 3 % of the 400 billion class moe hybrid expert model daily will be released on April 17, \triangleright
And it will be synchronized with the opening of the source. Compared to the previous generation, 2.0, 3.0 has significant performance enhancement in the areas of semantic understanding of the model, sequence reasoning, and interoperability, generalization, uncertainty knowledge, learning abilities, over 20 per cent of the technical knowledge of the model, mathematics/extraction/code/documentary creation.
At the same time, the Skill 3.0 added search enhancements, research models, dialling proxy codes and drawing charts, multiple calls to network searches, and specially trained the models' agent capabilities. The Skill Worker 3.0 combines ai search, ai writing, ai long text reading, ai pair.
The ability of words, i-synthesis, i-picture generation, i-cam creation, i-picture recognition, i-music students, i-code writing, i-table generation, etc. is the first multi-model "super \triangleright" in the world.
Days are officially on the line. Skywork based on the Kullun Mansion 3.0 super-large model, the only publicly available one in the country to produce large models of ai music. Skywork uses the sora model architecture of the music audio field: large-scaletransformer, which is responsible for the spectrometry.
Learning the context of mousicpatches depends on relationships, while completing music control; diffusiontransformer is responsible for singing and returns them to high-quality audio via ldm. Skyskymusic supports the generation of 80 seconds of 44100hz samples
The model architecture is particularly powerful in the areas of video, audio, and music. The Klonwanwi team will also evolve and add new capabilities to give the model a much more exemplary emotional understanding and expression.
Targeting of core technical (operational) staff for equity enhancement, performance appraisal mix and equity incentives.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City City, where it is proposed to award a limited stock of approximately 6.46 million shares to the incentive audience, representing some of this incentive scheme, investment proposals: the company's basic numeracy resources meet most of its self-research needs and model training, and the company's basic numeracy needs are met.
The first one's game, Flubkoala, is expected to bring about a new business increase. The company is committed to future risk factors: industry policy risk, aigc underdevelopment, model development less advanced than expected, and overseas market diffusion less effective.
B.A. From 2016 to 2021, he worked on Skywind Securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electricity and other plates, as well as research on meta-cosm and sports, with five years of research experience and long-term follow-up coverage of the Hong Kong-American stock market and the Internet industry.
B.A. Computers, University of Post and Telecommunications, three years in telecommunications, first-level market, five years in business ( artificial intelligence, virtual digital people, etc.) with industrial experience in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, Internet, etc.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the CSRC-approved qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.