Increased investment in research and development to publish the 2023 profit distribution plan.
Rendering 1,258 million yuan, an increase of 9.15 per cent from the previous year; net profit from deductions to later repatriations of 660 million yuan, a decline from the same year; annual R & D costs increased to 970 million yuan; R & D costs rose to 19.69 per cent; and the allinagi strategy was steadily advanced over the previous year, with a sustained increase in business capacity.
In the case of agi and aigc operations, companies have been focusing on large models and aigc since 2020, and have now constructed a multiplicity of ai business matrix, some of which have been commercialized. In August 23, the company launched the first national ai search product, which has accumulated billions of high-quality data resources.
In April 2024, the company released China's first musical sota model, "Storeskymusic", the first of its kind.
koala uses i-tech enabling users to create koalaeditor, an editor of uncoded games, and multi-innovated i-games are also being developed. Overseas information distribution and meta-cosm operations have benefited from the advancement of the commercialization strategy of the  viewer and the expansion of the opraads platform, 2023q4, opra.
Arpu amounts to $144, a 22 per cent increase over the same year, achieving an operating income of $397 million throughout the year, and social entertainment products starmaker achieves empowerment through the ai, with a cumulative number of voice/audio downloads in 82 countries and territories receiving the number one.
The company has now completed “Arithmetic Infrastructure - Large Model Algorithms - Ai Application” of the whole industry chain layout, and I'm not as commercial as I expected; increased industry competition; tighter regulation, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.