Media socialization and interactive media iii ai whole-industry chain layout, strengthening the matrix of diversified business, and strategizing the applications of the piping ai are expected to open up a second growth curve for the company.
Aigc's Development Strategy. A matrix of multi-ai operations such as ai model, ai search, ai music, ai video, ai socialization, ai games, etc. has now been constructed, and some of these operations have been commercialized. Large models: April 2023, release of a large model of “Storework 1.0”, February 2024, release of “Store 2.0” based on moe architecture, April the same year.
Version 3.0. "Store " uses a moe mix of 400 billion parameters and is one of the most powerful and powerful moe models on a global scale. Ai Smart Assistant: based on the "Store 3.0" model, publishes a Sky Work Assistant. This one is the first to carry a moe structure in the country and is free for all c-end users.
Open-scale large-language modelai application for hundreds of billions of parameters. Skill workers add enhanced models and research models to the base of the original traditional i-search. At the same time, multi-intellectual ecology is constructed in the areas of creation, image, role dialogue, learning efficiency, recreation, research and analysis, with the introduction of i-writing, i-painting, ai-data fractions.
An official intelligence body with a higher frequency, such as an ai partner. Ai music: April 17, 2024, release of the country's first music sota model, "Storeskymusic", which uses a sora-type structure that enables the integration of instruments, humans, melody, volume, notes to end-generation through self-research modelling techniques.
The company self-research 'i game 'clubkoala' uses the 'i technology to enable users to create a koalaeditor with an uncoded game editor who can easily create a game level and party game without any development experience. Focus on the layout of the industry chain and broaden the practice of protecting the city. The company completes "Arithmetic Infrastructure - Large Model Algorithms-ai Application."
In April 2023, a strategic collaboration was reached with Ali Yun on the construction of a smart computing centre and large model training. In September of the same year, a strategic collaboration was concluded with Hua for the cloud, and it was based on China for the "Big Sky Work Model Clouds" for the cloud service.
Integration programme, which provides business with a process-wide shut-down data processing and reasoning solution, supports companies in customizing large models based on specific scenarios. The company completes the whole industry chain layout by holding the stockai arithmetic chip in Beijing.
Overseas information distribution: Opra is an artificial intelligence-driven platform for information distribution and meta-cosmos, covering a wide range of areas such as advertising, search, information distribution and meta-cosmos.
There are more than 300 million users of the Moon. The browser commercialization strategy and the opraads platform continue to expand. Opera has achieved business income of $397 million year-round, a 20 per cent increase over the year, and an adjusted ebitda of $93,379,000, a 38 per cent increase over the same period.
Openai collaborates with a new flagship browser, Opraone, and a browser with the original aria assistant. Aria helps users with information interpretation, text translation, thumbnail summing up, content creation, recommendations, etc. Its “refiner” tool enhances the user's interaction with the ai aides while supporting them.
. The meta-cosm is relevant: the popragx rolls out the mods function so that the player can customize the design browsing experience from a variety of sound and appearances. By the end of the 2023 reporting period, the mods in gx.store were over 4,500, the gx.games were over 7,000 online games, and the gx browser had 27.8 million active users per month.
Investment proposals: The company is committed to achieving universal artificial intelligence and covers several areas such as agi and aigc, information distribution, meta-cosm, social entertainment, and games, and has a variety of commercial ways of realizing it. Depending on the local context, it is a global one, profit forecasting core scenario.
Businesses, which actively embrace artificial intelligence around the “browser+” development strategy, cover advertising, search, information distribution, and YuanWon. The company’s game business is more mature and the company’s strategy is firmly implemented, and the follow-up game business is not the main growth direction: the industry’s revenue as a whole is low and is mainly non-operational and is expected to be maintained in 2024-2026.
The company focuses on the development strategy of “making the leading social media and content platforms abroad” and the main business income includes games, advertising, the Internet, in addition to a strong development of the ai business, and is in a position of national leadership. With the characteristics of the company's products, we select companies with similar or similar lines of industry, business forms, product types, etc. for comparative analysis: the Kien network (using the game as its core)
Combined with high technology on the platform and the Internet, Yao's technology (mobile games and Internet innovation marketing) and blue cursors (brand management clothing). Companies are determined to develop artificial intelligence-related applications, but profits are not fully released as new business is still expanding.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data