Kunlund Wanvi (300418.sz) "Store 3.0" model heavy-pound update, "Storeskymusic" official survey, Kunlun Wanvi (300418.sz)
Event: On April 17, the main model of the Kullen Wanway "Techner 3.0" base and the "Techmanskymusic" music model was officially launched.
The Skywork 3.0 has 400 billion parameters, exceeding the 314 billion parameter, and is the open-source moe model with the largest global model parameters and the strongest performance. "The Skywork 3.0 stint of reasoning, semantic comprehension, ability to respond to complex needs, and ability to create content is all-embracing.
, mathematic/extremation/code/text creation capability has increased by more than 30%, and multiple rounds of search and synthesis tools have been added, graphic drawings, research models, enhancement models, and expansion of maps, among others. A powerful model technology has given "3.0 ounces of talent to the sky."
Among the many authoritative multi-model measurements, "Technology 3.0" goes beyond gpt-4v, leading the world. The large model of "Techmanskymusic" under the banner of "Techner 3.0" is China’s first music, the aigc sota model, and China’s technology of self-researching magnification has led the world for the first time in the aigc field.
The Skyworker uses a self-researching model audio production technology that directly integrates instruments, humans, melody, volume, music to end music through large model technology.
The Skyworker & bgm voice quality, human nature, pronunciation, etc. is a significant leader in the field, and goes beyond sunov3 with a combined score of 6.65 to become a global music sota model.
In addition, the company has built an i large model, ai search, ai music, ai video, ai socialization, ai game, etc., i business matrix around the large models of the "Store Work" series. In August 2023, Klon Vanwi launched the "Store Ai search" of the country's first-ever model capability.
The al search generates graphic answers and provides audio answers that help enhance user satisfaction. The Sky Tai search ranks 9-12 on the search engine without buying them.
We expect the company to buy more early for the daily workers' search. Investment proposal: On March 30, the company released its employee incentive scheme, which amounts to about 5,140.9% of the total equity stock, Sindh Securities Inc.
Risk factors: industry policy risk, aigc development less than expected, model development less advanced \triangleright cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
In 2016-2021, he worked on Skywind Securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electricity dealers, etc., as well as Yuan Cosmos and Sports II.
With five years of experience in research and research, there is a long-term tracking coverage of the Hong Kong and United States stock market and the Internet.
Baek Yunhan, member of the Sinda Securities Media Internet and overseas teams. M.A. in Finance, University of Connecticut, United States, used to be a part of the Atlas Enterprise’s project to map the coverage of the a-share shares.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.