Recently, the company published its annual report for 2023 and its report for the first quarter of 24th year. In 2023, the company achieved a revenue of $4.915 billion, an increase of 3.78 per cent, and a net profit of $1,258 million for mothers.
The equity incentive scheme, which proposes the award of 62.462 million restricted shares to 432 employees (some of the steady growth in corporate revenue in the year was largely due to the continued expansion of the browser commercialization strategy and the continued expansion of the Oelaads platform, with revenue from search/advertising operations in 2023
The annual Māori rate continued to be high at 78.84 per cent; on the cost side, the firmness of companies in implementing the “allinagi and aigc” development strategy increased their investment in R&D, raising R&D costs to 968 million yuan, a 40.16 per cent increase and R&D costs to 19.69 per cent, an increase over the same period.
The net gain on fair value changes of $1,283 million further boosted corporate performance. 2024q1opera maintained strong growth, domestic leisure and social operations were well-run, in the context of the company’s continued increase in investment in the development of the ai (R & D costs amounting to $349 million, a year-on-year increase).
The Sween Century Software Research and Development Centre (Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swisss-Swisss-Swisss-Swisss-Swissss-Swisss-Swissss-Swisss-Swisss-Swiss-Swisss-Swisss-Swisss-Swiss-St-St-St-Serververververververres-St-Sts-St-Serverververververver-St-St-Ser-Ser-Ser-St-St-St-St-St-St-Ser-St-St-St-Ser-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-Ser-St-Ser-Ser-Ser-St-St-St-S-St-Ser-St-St-St-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-St-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-
The company has successfully built a matrix of multi-ai products, i-search, i-music, i-video, i-socialization, i-a-play, etc., with one of the models: April 17, 2024.
In version 3.0 of the large daily work model, "Techner 3.0" uses the 400 billion parameter moe frame, one of the current open-source moe models with the largest and strongest performance of global model parameters, with multiple assessment indicators reaching global leadership levels;)ai search: with the large skywork model
As a result of the updating, the Skillai Smart Assistant has been fully upgraded, adding multiple search rounds, tool calls, graphic drawings, and image-shifting capabilities to better meet user needs; and 3) ai music: based on “Store 3.0”, the company launched its first national music sota model - Day
In addition to this, the company is also active in the direction of video, socialization, etc.
The rapid succession of large models has created a strong sense of a firm’s core competitive advantage in the ai field. It is expected that the future will provide an effective incentive for the company’s multi-ai applications to land, accelerate product realization, and ensure a stable core workforce.
The equity incentive scheme, which targets 432 people, including core technicians. Performances are 100 million yuan/115 billion/18 billion yuan. The equity incentive scheme will ensure long-term stability of the research and development team, promote the advancement of the company’s core technological strengths, speed up the business of large models and multiple applications.
Large models fail to meet expectations: the commercialization of ai products does not meet the expected risks: competition in markets exacerbates risks; regulatory policies exceed expectations. Data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.