Focus on the beauty, the brightness of the world, the depths of the Emeritus report, Wei Hongmei.
China’s medical and American markets are growing at a high rate. According to frost & sullivan, the size of China’s medical and US markets rose from 63.7 billion yuan to 143.6 billion yuan in 2015-2019, compared to 22.53% for cagr. Of these, the market size of light medicine is 24.59%, while traditional medicine is 24.59%.
The market size is 21.16%. Frost&sullivan forecasts show that in 2024, our company’s products were distributed differently, benefiting from industrial dividends.
In 2020, corporate income from urinate products contributed more than 98% of the revenue, and the contribution of urinate products to the company as a whole was more than 99%, laying the foundation for a company’s pre-emptive advantage.
In the first half of 2017, the company's top-up product was officially marketed as the only iii-type medical device approved by the National Drug Control Authority (Nmpa) to improve the wrinkles of the neck. In 2019, the company's top-up income reached $243 million, seven times that in 2017.
The company ' s performance throughout the year grew mainly from the introduction of solution needles, with high income of 63.07 per cent, an increase of 19.2 percentage points over the same period, with the use of skin filling needles and surgical glue-proofing products entering the registration stage.
Injection fluids for dynamic wrinkles and Lilalupi for slow weight management are already clinically in the process, and deoxycholytic fluids for local soluble lipids have been declared clinically. There are two newer products, Eastern American.
The company is focused on medical products, which are the domestic needle taps for urinate injections. The company has a rich line of medical and aesthetic products, enjoys dividends from the medical and aesthetic industry, and is actively developing new ones.
Products, folded up and sold, will be on the weight management market in the future, and companies will grow in time. While the current valuation is high, it is based on a high industry climate and a new product layout that maintains a “recommended” rating for companies.
The company is the lead in the country's medical and aesthetic industry, and 1.1 is a leading innovative company in the field of biomedical soft tissue restoration materials.
The company adheres to the concept of “innovation, with the aim of improving the quality of life and improving the quality of life, building national brands.” Based on research and development and transformation of biomedical materials, it is working to restructure the development of biopharmaceuticals, such as proteins and multipolars. Since its inception, the company has focused on medical masters, and has explored the theory of medical beauty around “new medicine, new economy.”
The company focuses on the field of medicine and beauty, and is based on transparent and sour medicine and beauty products. Since its inception, six small-medium products have been introduced, with different components, applications, restoration effects, and a number of market-based consumer demands.
The PACT products can be classified as solution injection products and gel injection products, including sodium transparent acid-hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose gel (Ponida) for polyethylene gel microballs, sodium transparent acid gel for injections (Effule/Emi-Fly), sodium hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose gel for medical uses (A plus one), medical doctors
In addition, the company has a conglomerate of epoxy-cyclohexone facial implants (closeness). In skin management operations, the public sector ' s cosmetics products consist mainly of neck, neck cream, eye and facial products, etc., and are mainly located in partner-type products and injected in public.
The combination of medical and American products can facilitate healing of the wounds and consolidate the effects of the use of the company’s injection-type products. 1.2 The core employees of the company hold shares to help develop the company’s core employees share shares and contribute to the follow-up. The company’s first shareholder is Jane, and the company actually controls them.
Directly held 30.96% and indirectly held 7.08%. It is worth noting that Ningbo, the second-largest shareholder of the company, has knowledge of the company's investment manager, the partnership (limited partnership) and Ningbo, the sixth-largest shareholder, the partnership (limited partnership) for investment management, which holds 6.41% and 4.28% of the company's shares, respectively, at a price of $9.95 per share.
The military and Ningbo top-notch partners are senior executives who love America, sales cadres, skilled cadres, and some long-term employees. By building a platform for employee ownership, the company is able to tie interests between core staff and companies, helping to retain a core of highly performing and capable people, and helping to improve the company’s business performance and its performance as a company.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure
In 2020, despite the impact of the epidemic on the overall economic environment, the company achieved faster growth. In 2014-2019, corporate revenue rose from 75 million yuan to 709 million yuan, slowing down. In 2019, the company registered 73.74% growth in revenue and 148.68% increase in net return.
Value added tax (VAT) dropped from 16% to 3% in the year, and the non-tax-free price of products such as Hives increased significantly, while, as a domestic wrinkled restoration product, it increased significantly in 2019, nearly three times as much as in 2018. Overall, companies are stable and risk-resistant.
In recent years, the company ' s Māori rate has remained largely above 90% and 7.67 percentage points. Net interest rates have shown an upward trend in recent years, mainly because of the stable level of Māori in the company as a whole, while products have gradually moved from the roll-out period to maturity, and sales and management costs have declined, while financial cost rates have been controlled.
On the one hand, the firm’s asset-liability ratio, which began to decline in 2017, reached 10.88% in 2019, reflecting a strong solvency and soundness of the company. On the other hand, in 2020, the company was successfully listed on the start-up board and obtained a large free cash flow, reducing the asset-liability ratio to 2.19%.
The company has a strong bargaining power over its customers, and its clients pay back in a timely manner. The company’s operating cash flow is increasing year by year, in amounts equal to net profits, demonstrating the company’s greater ability to operate and expand.