South-West Securities Research and Development Center recommends that the company be the leading firm in the area of facial soft tissue restoration materials, selling urinate products in 2019.
The market for sales was 26.5 per cent, surpassing the import brand for the first time. 1) In the short term, differences between different parts of the strategy and functional products, exclusive varieties, Bonida, tightness are expected to grow steadily. 2) In the long run, rising consumption and sinking of the four-line market will lead to rapid growth in the health sector.
In Korea, there is still six times as much room for our medical and beauty markets; (3) the introduction of a number of heavy-pound products around the medical fabric, into the dietary and skin-protective markets, is expected to open up a wide range of growth spaces. A comprehensive layout of market segments, with exclusive heavy-pound products firmly in place.
There is a clear market advantage in the consumption demand of bits, with exclusive products. Hi, the country’s first product for the treatment of neck strips, has no competition of its kind, the product’s visibility has been raised, prices have risen, and sales in 2019 amounted to $240 million, the largest single item in sales and Māori contributions, and are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
By 2019, Bonida's sales as a long-acting filling product had reached 68 million, a 100% increase over the same period, and the market for high-impact filling products was beginning to grow. As a domestic first-time face-laying product, it was expected to fill the market gap in my country's tight-repair field.) In terms of product positioning, high-end branding was on the same page.
At the same time, a series of entry-level products has been developed, with high-school low-end products distributed. (3) From the point of view of the channels, direct distribution channels have grown rapidly, relying on exclusive products, from 478, 614 and 829 new medical services in 2017-2019, covering more than 2,000 establishments, with a penetration rate of 15 per cent.
Medical and American markets have expanded rapidly, and penetration rates in three or four-line cities have increased rapidly. In 2019, we reached $17.6 billion in Medic and American market revenues, with six times as much industrial penetration as in South Korea.
The penetration rate of non-surgery medicine is expected to rise rapidly. The market for transparent acid fillings reached 3.7 billion yuan in 2018, the share of domestic production rose from 21 to 28 per cent in 2016-2019, there was a large alternative market space for imports, and the country’s branded niche, the country’s porcelain head, was expected to increase its market share further.
The company’s research and development cost was 8.7% in 2019, the highest investment in research and development in the country’s same-type medical and US enterprises. The current autonomous research and development varieties include: Lilarupine, a dietary-resilient patient, and the “baby needle” as an instrument for the iiii category, are in the process of being registered.
Cooperative research and development projects include botulinum toxins and soluble resin needles, both market-competitive and well-organized heavy-pound varieties.
• Profit forecasting. Given the company’s leadership position in face-filled soft tissue, and exclusive products such as high body, tightness, and so on, the net return profit over the next three years will remain at a compound growth rate of 38 per cent.
1.1 In the area of ten years of deep-farming soft tissue restoration, the company has a solid position as the country's leader in innovation in the field of biomedical sodium restoration materials. Established in 2004, the company was the first in the country to have been approved for the production of material for the transparent sodium sodium sodium sodium face fillings and has now been approved by the National Drug Control Board.
In addition, in May 2019, the company obtained a certificate of registration for the polyenedioxycyclohexone facial implants, which are the first domestic surface implants. On the basis of transparent acids, the company established bio-medical materials such as several bircose and polyemultic acid.
The product technology conversion platform, with clinical applications covering areas such as medical beauty, surgical restoration, and metabolic disease treatment.1.2 The short-term impact of the epidemic is limited, q3 has rebounded rapidly, income and profits have increased rapidly in recent years, and q3 has rebounded rapidly in 2020.
In the third quarter alone, the increase was $220 million, or 43.2 per cent, and in the third quarter alone, the increase was $140 million, or 56 per cent, and the impact of the epidemic was largely offset.
Māori rates continue to rise, and lower cost rates lead to a sustained increase in net profit rates. Māori rates fell in the first three quarters of 2020 as a result of good corporate reputation accumulation, with a 29% rate in the fourth quarter of 2020.
Seven, five, five, four, four, four, and 2.6, sales. Evelyn and Hives are the two main core species. Hi, home starter injection materials for neck-trace restoration, is a good competition pattern, which has been rising in recent years.
Corporate equity structures are stable, with an emphasis on employee ownership. The chairman of the company and the actual controller, Jane's Army, hold 41.4% of the shares, and indirectly, 9.4% of the company's shares through investments in Than Shwe, client-supreme investments, and movement-led investments.
In-house staff made strategic sales of 2.77 million shares, representing 9.2 per cent of the total issue, and the total market breakdown of the 2 shares allocated, with differentiated consumption demand 2.1 products: the market product layout was comprehensive and the exclusive heavy-pound product was strong.
Appearance is focused on the medical market, where each product is unique, with differences in formulations, injection skin levels, injections and injection experience, to meet the consumption needs of a large number of market segments, with the introduction of "Foot Beauty", "Effle" and "Effie" for facial wrinkled fillings.
One plus one, used for long-acting plastics, for "bonidas" for neck restoration, and for facial implants, which “scramblely develop different product lines to meet different functions such as wrinkle removal, filling, plastic formation, and lifting. Different product effects can result from the different sizes of transparent acid molecules, formulation compositions, conjunctural techniques.
U.S.P.A. is the hardest, longest-maintenance and suitable for contour. Molecular urinary acid is so soft that it is suitable for soft tissues to fill and remove deep wrinkles. Small molecular urinate is suitable for fine bits to fill and remove shallow wrinkles. Non-combined urinary acid can be used for water-light needles or to remove small strips.
Multi-products have a pre-emptive advantage, producing the first brand of urinary acid in the country. Companies used to produce first-time products from multiple countries, such as the first domestic combination of injection materials (Jimmy), and the first domestic injection containing pva microballs (Poney).
Injection materials (Effrey, Emmy-Fly) containing Lidocaine in the country’s first domestic face line (close love) are clearly ahead of other domestic companies’ same type of product. The company, with a large share of its product, became the first-ever domestic urinate filler. In 2019, the company achieved a market share of 26.5%, according to sales volume.
The only three types of medical instruments currently approved by the National Drug and Monitoring Service to improve the wrinkled neck, filling the neck.
The wrinkled restoration field is blank. The Hive was listed in 2016 and is still the only product in the market that has ever been allowed to treat the urinary acid in the neck. As a iii device for the neck, it requires long-term clinical trials before it can be declared on the market. There are currently no similar products submitted by other manufacturers, and it is expected that there will be no direct competitive products on the market in the next five years, and that the Hive is expected to have exclusive access to the market.
The annual high-body sales revenue amounted to $240 million, an increase of 223.6 per cent over the previous year, and it is expected that by 2022 it will be over $1 billion in sales and 2.3 million in sales. According to the results of the grass-roots research, the neck line was repaired.
Injective products. 1. The main components are the same in the composition as the high-coloured products. 2 Technically, the “low-permeability regulation” is used, and the product gels are more dense and more abundant: 3 on product location, to locate the potential demand in the eye-week segment market for products that are as unique as the high-coloured products, and are expected to be new.
A comprehensive programme of weekly rejuvenation, which binds and sells already available products, is expected to further stimulate growth. 2.1.2 Bonida: Long-effect facial fills with scarce varieties.
A combination of the leading pva patent components in the industry supports and fills the puretic acid, which constantly stimulates the growth of its own gel, sustains a long-term balance of subcutaneous gel protein dynamics, and perpetuates the short-lived puretic acid year that is prevalent in the supermarket. There is no direct competition on the market, and Bonida has a high price and a high Maori price.
Both Bonida and Ebeve's long-acting urinary acid products, developed by the Dutch company Hanford Biotech. The two product components are different, their efficacy varies, and they are not directly competitive.
100%. Domestic consumers’ perception of medicine and beauty has evolved from short-acting facial fillings to longer-lived products. Companies, as long-acting products, have been able to grow rapidly in recent years as markets for longer periods of time. 2.1.3 Fuzzy/American plus one: product upgrading, high-end transparent acid filling for imports
In addition to the addition of hydropropyl methyl cellulose to extend the duration of the product, Fumei and Fumei plus one apply mainly to the forehead and nasal lips. But there is a difference between the two, which were listed in 2009, which is the first transparent substance approved in our country. Sodium sodium sodium sodium filler, which has been upgraded in recent years because of the relatively long technology.
An upgraded version of U.S.A., using a single combination technique, is gel-based, importing high-end products such as Yvonne and Jojaden of Al Quair, in a series of high-end products that inject the skin at a skin level between the shallow sub-skin to the depths of the skin, which can be used for plastics and fillings. U.S. One plus one has a higher price, with a unit price of $1221 per piece in 2019, which is about 1.7 times the value of the U.S. One plus one.
The end-product price is about 3800-6800, which is half the price of the same type of imported high-end brand, and it is expected that the price advantage will be used in the future to acquire import-substituting market space. 2.1.4 Effrey/Emithmeyer: first one contains the filler of Licadoine, entry-level urinate products
Evelyn was listed in the country in 2015, with the addition of transparent sodium sodium acid injection material from Licadoine, which eases pain during facial injections and increases the comfort of the product. The product can be used on the nasal lip, reaching deep into the middle of the skin. As a result of the product’s pre-emptive advantage, it has a higher market share, with sales exceeding 700,000 in 2019.
There are more competitions of the same kind, such as the one-size-fits-all product: Huo-hee's biodiversity and the seaweeds of the Chinese Sea. The same kind of competition for imported products is carried out by El-Jeiaden, the South Korean Humedix, and by Evelyn.
In May 2019, the company's “closeness” was approved for treatment as a wrinkled face line with a medium and heavy nose. The tight material is an absorbable line made of polydioxycyclohexone. It is divided into two specifications: serrated and non-served gear.
Lines are cut by blades, all in the same direction, and are used to pull down the skin, and the non-sawing line is mainly used to improve wrinkles. The market is competitive at the current stage of wire products. The role of wire products can be longer than the urinate filling for one to three years. Market competition is now better than the urinate filling market track, as there are fewer market competitors and the main domestic players.
2.2 Positioning: Diffusion, covering low-end high-school products, high-end products such as Bonida, Jumei plus one, and relatively high-priced Māori, have a significant upward effect over the overall Māori, which has been gradually upgraded to the company.
About $2547 per penny, with a strong price, is the most expensive of all the company ' s product lines and a small number of high-end products in the market. The Māori rate in Bonida remains above 98%, reaching 98.7% in 2019, while the low Māori varieties are promoted in a price-for-value manner.
It is 93%, but sales reach 686,000. Evelyn has the lowest Māori rate, 90.2% in 2019 and 705,000 sales. 2.3 Channels: direct sales + distribution combined, with emphasis on monolithic accumulation
Emmett's sales model, which is “direct marketing for the main, distribution for the secondary”, is 64% direct sales for the American compared to the Chinese and Chinese biology, and 71% for the Chinese science, while the Chinese biology is only 31%. The advantage of direct sales is, first, to have more pricing power. Second, to have direct control over the resources of health-care institutions and to facilitate the retention of high-quality customers.
Households, through direct contact with health-care institutions, are able to approach consumers more quickly to discover consumer preferences and adjust product targeting. The company’s direct sales and distribution rates vary slightly, and the overall direct sales rate is higher than the sales rate.
At the same time, companies participate in tenders or procurement reviews in hospitals or hospitals organized by the hospital’s authorities, and, when eligible for admission to the hospital, establish business cooperation with public hospitals.
There is still room for improvement in the number of new clients each year. From 2017 to 2019, the number of new medical and American service providers has been 15.4%, and there is much room for improvement in the future. After a long period of intensive farming, the company’s products cover a large chain of non-public medical institutions and the First Annex Hospital of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army’s Air Force Medical University (Sikyung Hospital).
The Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences ' s orthopaedic hospital, China-Japan-friendly hospital, and other high-quality public hospitals, among others. The distribution ratio has increased, in keeping with the characteristics of the downstream market.
After a rigorous evaluation of the size of the product, it was sold to distributors, distributed by distributors, which led to the entry of the product into the sunk market, increased penetration rates, accelerated import substitution by upgrading national production technology, and 6 times greater penetration of our medical and American market.
By 2023, it is expected to reach $311.5 billion. China has become one of the world’s fastest growing markets for medical beauty services, with the second largest market in 2018, accounting for 13.5% of the global market for medical and American services, and is expected to do so.
In Korea, we still have six times as much penetration in the medical-American sector as in 2021. The rate of penetration in the medical-American sector was 14.8 per 1,000 people in 2009, just about one-sixth of Korea’s.
3.2 The rise in consumption led to an increase in the penetration rate of three or four-line cities, with a national per capita increase in gdp and a good economic soil for consumption. The first breakthrough of 10,000 dollars per capita in 2019 meant that the country was on a new level of consumption and that our population was moving from material consumption to material consumption.
Income disparities have led to the concentration of health-care consumers in economically developed first-, new, and second-line cities. According to the map of Chinese medical-American users released in 2020 by the Irene consultation, the first-line cities have been cut off.
The proportion of users is 29.3%, 60.1% in second-line cities, 10.6% in third-line cities and 10.6% below, according to the 2019 American White Paper on New Oxygen, the penetration rate of new oxygen as the most extensive medical and aesthetic channel for first-line cities is 21.16%, well above the penetration rate of three or four-line cities. The rapid growth of gdp per capita in third-line and lower cities provides economic security for the development of medical beauty.
3.3 The rapid replication of light medicine and the high penetration rate has led to a sustained growth in the industry, which in recent years has seen a steady rise in the number of non-surgery doctors compared to the market for non-surgery medicine projects in 2018, which reached $102.8 billion.
The proportion of non-surgery-type medical-American projects has gradually increased. Non-surgery-based medicine is more popular with consumers, growing faster than the industry as a whole, reaching 34.73% in the last five years.
According to statistics, 57 per cent of non-surgery injection projects were carried out in 2019. According to the Global Society of Artistic Orthopaedics (ISaps), a total of 8.57 million orthopaedic injection treatment projects were carried out globally in 2017, of which 3,298.3 million were transparent acid injections, representing 38 per cent of the total injection type projects.
The lower threshold for light medicine will help to increase overall market penetration and tap into the four-line urban market. According to data disclosed by Medico-Americans International, the per capita consumption of light medicine has declined from $4077 per case in 2016 to $2066 per case in 2019, while consumption has risen even more dramatically, both in terms of number and frequency.
The market for the most popular urinary acid injection projects will also grow rapidly. The market size of our pharmaceutical-grade transparent Quality Acid is $3.7 billion in 2018, an increase of 18 per cent in comparison with the market, and 32.2 per cent in 2014-2018, and we expect that the transparent Quality Acid Injection Project, which ranks first, will outpace the average growth rate in the industry.
3.4 The rise of the country’s goods, the acceleration of import substitution, the gradual increase in the rate of national production and the increasing competition. Competition in the transparent acid filler sector has become increasingly hot, and the country has 27 brands of urinary acid, belonging to 17 enterprises (nine national and eight imports) and national producers are gradually breaking over.
Compared to 2009, when only one company, Amerika, was able to produce transparent acid fillers, the rise of national product plates led to a further increase in import substitution for transparent acid markets. The market share of three national product plates rose from 20.5% in 2016 to 28.1% in 2019, and as the country’s product plates continued to break through the core convergence technology.
Deeply digging down the market, which in the future will accelerate the import of alternatives to urinary acid fillers.4 Long-term: increased R & D inputs, opening up growth space in research projects 4.1 Medico-American product lines are rich and take advantage of the dietary market
Increased R & D investment and rising R & D costs. The company attaches great importance to R & D, and R & D investment is increasing year by year, with R & D spending of $4.856 million in 2019, an increase of 44 per cent in the same year, and R & D costs amounting to 8.7 per cent, which is much higher than that of its counterparts. As of December 31, 2019, the company had 72 R & D and technical staff, or 23 per cent of its employees.
Research and development (R & D) and production technicians cover such specialties as bioengineering, high molecular chemistry and physics, and pharmaceutical engineering. Corporate R & D costs remain more stable and slightly higher than the average R & D costs of comparable companies, R & D costs are reduced from year to year mainly as a result of the company's operating income.
Progress. Among them, the main principle of transparent sodium-acid gel in medicine, with modifier microballs, is to use the polyrocytic microballs to stimulate regenerative proteins. Most of the urinate products on the market are currently short-lived in terms of how to promote regenerative proteins, and the product can be maintained for longer periods of time, with great market potential. The product is expected to be in late 2020.
4.1.1 Lilalupi was approved to open a diet market, Lilalupi was approved to open a dietary treatment and is about to open a dietary market. In November 2020, Lilalupi, a subsidiary of the Norbot organism, was approved. In 2014, Noor and Nord successfully developed Lilalupi to develop Lilalupi's diet.
In 2019, Lilarupine’s total global operating income was $900 million, 47% higher than in 2019, the world’s highest percentage of prescriptions for diets. The only products currently approved for long-lived diets are Ulrich, and Lilarupin, as one of the most sophisticated medicines currently used abroad, has improved the scarcity of long-lived diets in the country.
The glp-1 target diet drugs are not currently marketed, and only Lilalu and Benaloo are treated for dietary adaptive disorders. Lilalu has a good dietary effect and has a scientific dietation mechanism. The drug, combined with the central nerve and stomach glp-1 receptors, is used to inhibit appetite and slow stomach drains, using 3 mgsaxenda for 56 weeks a day, is only obese.
Clinical trials show that about 62% of obese patients have lost 5% of their weight after injecting saxenda and 34% of their weight has decreased by 10%. The saxenda team has experienced a decline in average waist belts, blood pressure, cholesterol and glycerine triesters.
4.1.2 The Gospel of Deoxygenic Acid, a “double chin” patient in the study of deoxychotic acid is a metabolic of local soft tissues that can address some of the problems of overweight and obesity, is another aspect of the company's approach in this area and helps to promote innovation and optimization of local soft tissue metabolic treatments in the country.
In February 2017, the company established a holding company, the Fuzzy Organisms, to study the product, and the company is developing small-scale tests and pre-clinical samples of drugs, as well as animal safety evaluation studies. In terms of competition, there are only two declared companies in the country, one formerly researched Al-Jan and the other, Nanjing Noret. The foreign listings are just two.
There's kythera, bought by Al. The main ingredient is deoxycholic acid, which is used to improve the middle-to-heavy end of the chin (i.e., lower fat) for adults.
According to a follow-up survey by companies and health-care institutions, the product is very effective and popular with users. From the market point of view, the market in China is still in its infancy, because of the lack of better products and the lack of market education, which has left market demand unreleased.
4.1.3 Acetic needles are registered and are expected to take over the blank market, and the main rationale for the needles is the use of polyscilate microballs to stimulate regenerative proteins, of which the polysic ecstasy is the United States.
Fda-certified safety materials are allowed to be used as a filler in the medical beauty industry. Since this type of needle is highly demanding for injections, dose and level of injection, operational errors may cause symptoms such as red swelling, etc. For the time being, there are brands similar to “baby needles” in the country, with the exception of uncensored nmpa.
Table 7: Mainstream children's needle-like products in the country.
From a market perspective, there is a clear difference between the mechanism for treatment of a puppies and other transparent acid fillings, and the puppies not only apply transparent acid filling features, but also use a polyseptic acid to stimulate regenerative proteins to achieve a “species-based treatment” effect. On the one hand, the maintenance time (expected to reach two years) has been extended, and on the other hand, the user is being connected.
After treatment, facial activity is more natural. So, we expect that the market for puppies will generate a stronger counter-feasibility in the market, with some substitution for the current products of puretic acid, and some new markets will be opened.
The sculptra is connected to the human body.
Activity – but best to avoid direct sunlight. Sculptra directly stimulates the regeneration of the skin's deep bones and feet, improves their skin quality, naturally gradually regenerates their youth, more effectively for two years, and has obtained US fda recognition as more reassuring.
Treatment range: full of temples, suburbia, raised apple muscles, parched mumps.
Co-operated in the development of botulinum toxin with the Korean company Huons to develop an injection of a botulinum toxin development project to develop the product in China.
In 2018, the global market reached 5.5 billion yuan. The toxin was a neurotoxin that was produced by botulinum fungus during the breeding process, and botulinum toxin was laxed through paralysing.
Undercut nerves can remove wrinkles or avoid wrinkle creation over a period of time, thus achieving beauty effects, which are widely applied in the form of stripes, eyebrow stripes, fish tail tattoos, nose tattoos, neck tattoos, etc. According to the American Society of Orthopaedic Surgery, the proportion of botox in non-surgery American projects is 40%, and the global market for botox in 2018 is $5.5 billion.
Our formal botox market, which was 3.92 billion yuan in 2018, now has only four botulinums certified by our cfda, and for a long time only two have been certified. One is the third country to be able to produce an injection of a botulinum toxin produced in June 2020 by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland's ipsen.
In October 2020, the “letybo” produced by Hugel in Korea became the country's approved 4a botulinum toxin.
The company built on its existing core products, actively developed post-optimal repair packages, expanded the company's operations, and introduced eme transparent acid rehydration to repair the facials, combing the congener, hearty heated the carotids, shrubbling the eye and tycopic acids to protect the facials. The company's skin protection products are beneficial.
Assumption 1: Hi is the only product in the market that is filled with neck strips, there are currently no approved products, and there is no competition in the next three years.
As a result of the current low penetration rate and the high repurchase rate of the product, it is expected to maintain a consistent upward trend in volume prices in the future. Assumption 2: Effrey’s competitive pattern will be relatively intense, assuming that unit prices will decline from year to year in 2020-2022, assuming that 3: Bonida is a rare variety of long-acting facial fillers, that there is no direct competition in the market for similar products, and that consumers are short-lived.
Assumption 4: As a high-end product in the market, with an import replacement dividend, unit prices are expected to show a downward trend in the future from 2020 to 2022, with sales increasing by zero per cent, 30 per cent and 30 per cent over the same period. As high-end products are produced in the country, assumption 5: Emmy flies as parities, it is expected that the market will open at the same price in the future, and sales are expected to be equal in 2020 to 2022.
We have selected two leading companies in the medical industry, 67 times the average in 2021. The rapid growth of the industry, coupled with increased competition in the company’s market, has led to lower prices, less progress in research and development than expected, and a significant risk of medical accidents.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.