Emmett: A light doctor's high-quality champion of the economy with a sense of face; investment rating: Increased (first) focus on light doctor's track, multi-dimensional support.
Emmett focused on light medicine and beauty, with higher R & D capabilities and proven capabilities building technical barriers for companies.
The company, with its rich product matrix, has been able to grow up to scale and drive down procurement costs, while consumer education, as a short-board for domestic brands of urinate, has to a certain extent kept the country from putting up prices. Americians are now exploring the elimination of prices.
The construction of a user’s education path and marketing network is expected to enhance branding in the future, and to take advantage of the benefits of the industry’s own engine to achieve steady performance. The medical-American sector is promising, and the country’s product brands are promising.
Our medical-American industry, which has developed over the years, has increased its penetration rate, but there is still much room for improvement compared to countries where it has matured, as the disposable income of the population has grown.
The health sector will maintain its rapid growth and market prospects for the foreseeable future, with an increased acceptance of medical beauty and a broadening of its user base. Acid is an entry product of medical beauty, with a higher value than imported brands.
After 90, and after 00, second-line city users rise, and national product plates match domestic urinates more closely with domestic urinates, and will continue to increase competitiveness and market penetration in the future. The medical-American sector has been growing rapidly in recent years, and producers of urinate products in the industry enjoy a very high profit margin that triggers the market.
What's the comparative advantage of a domestic brand? What's an Americian's own comparative advantage? This report tries to start with the above-mentioned issue, focusing on a lightly-medicated American track, with a high degree of multidimensional support.
Emmett’s focus on light medicine and beauty, with higher R & D capabilities and evidence-based capabilities that create technical barriers for companies, now has six approved varieties of sodium-transparent injections of sodium sodium sodium acid, leading the industry in terms of the volume of products. With its rich product matrix, the public administration has been able to achieve a rising harvest, gradually creating a scale effect that drives down the costs of procurement;
At the same time, consumer education, as a short-board for domestic brands of urinate, is to a certain extent a disincentive for national brands to raise prices. Emmets are now exploring ways of developing consumer education and marketing networks, and it is hoped that branding will continue to grow in the future, taking advantage of the dividends of the industry, while building on their own engines to achieve steady performance growth.
Emmett is an innovative and leading company in the field of biomedical soft tissue restoration materials in the country. The company has been successful in institutionalizing the sodium-transparent type of sodium acid products (the form of sodium-transparent acid, the sodium-transparent acid known as urinate) and the concentration of wires planted on the face of dioxycyclohexone.
In May 2019, the company ' s urological acid series was approved to repair wrinkles and dent tissues by injection on the face and neck; and the face line was buried in the face.
In 2019, 39.27% and 43.50% of the revenue were collected respectively. The company’s products were mainly in the plastic surgery, beauty surgery, dermatology, etc. of medical institutions, mainly non-public hospitals. As the company’s products became more and more recognized by consumers, the company’s growth has been rapid in recent years, with 2017-2019.
In December, when the President of the Board of Directors of Emeritus, Ms. Jang Jun, went abroad more than 10 years ago, she decided that light medicine would change the name of America to "American". Ms. Jang Jun currently holds 41.35% of the company’s shares directly and 9.40% of the company’s shares indirectly through Dan Swe’s investments, hospitality, and informed military investments, and effectively controls the company.
“Investment by the Know-Who” and “Invest-Up” are the company's employee holding platforms, all of which are partners.
The difficulty of pre-research and development techniques for biomedical materials and the need for products to be approved for listing by the National Drug Control Service (NDA) are high demands on the research and development capabilities of companies in the industry. The length and difficulty of approval also means that new entrants are more difficult to enter and build for the industry.
There are higher technical barriers; and the Americians, who have the pre-emptive advantage, retain the advantage in the longer term once the product is approved. The Americians now have six iii-type sodium injectable transparent acid products approved by the National Drug Control Service, the largest number of companies that have the same type of product approved by the National Drug Control Service; it was obtained in May 2019.
A certificate for the registration of ii-type medical devices, which combines oxycyclohexone facial implants, is approved by the National Drug and Monitoring Service for the first payment. Emmett’s excellent research and development has benefited from higher R & D inputs from companies.
Domestic comparable companies, closer to the level of R & D costs with the US medical company Al, which was built under the flag of El-Joyardon as a boulic acid stick product, were also popular with consumers because of its good quality and high impact. At the same time, the company’s R & D personnel were also at the forefront of the industry, with 72 Americian R & D and techs in 2019, a percentage of them.
Up to 22.86%, compared to 16.76% in the same period, the ratio of research and development staff in the Hua-hee Biology/Photo Sea Studies was 16.66%. Emeralds re-invested in research and development, promising to improve product quality and use and competitiveness in the future. 1.3 Product matrices are rich, opening up new space for research and development.
In late 2016, the company obtained a high body product registration, the only three types of medical instruments currently approved to improve the neck wrinkles, filling the area of neck wrinkle restoration.
By product structure, Effie has grown steadily in recent years, owing to its high value for money, at 39.27% in 2019, and its rollout in 2017, after two years of consumer education, in 2019.
With the company's collaboration with the hospital, a series of needle-to-circle projects are now being planned, and it is expected that the product will continue to feature as a powerful booster to corporate income; while Bonida, as a product with a strong focus on long-acting and high-end positioning, has a Māori ratio of over 98%, which has continued to be released in recent years, in 2019.
The revenue ratio has risen to 12% and corporate profitability has been continuously enhanced.
It's a research product, and it's expected to open up a new growth space for the company in the future. Cricket: The company's paint needle product is expected to get a product registration certificate by the end of 2020.
Problems such as laxation are better suited for full-face use, full degradation after two years of needle injection, and the effects of neogenesis in the body for more than two years. Once approved, the needle will be the first in the country to inject a child's needle, bringing new growth points to the company and building a higher moat.
Intra-toxics: in the area of bottox, American-Americans chose to adopt an introduction model, in 2018, they signed a cooperation agreement with the Hons Division in China for a type-a botulinum toxin product. Huons authorized Amino-Americans to import, register and distribute their meat-toxic products in the Chinese region.
The meat poison is injected into the body to relax the muscles and thus to wrinkled and thin-faced faces. According to imms, botulinum toxins are growing rapidly in the domestic market, with China ' s official channels increasing at an average annual compound rate of 27.32% in 2011-2015, while domestic approvals are currently in place for the production of botulinum toxins on the market.
Genetically restructured proteins: the product is a glp-1 analogue, mainly for diabetes and obesity treatment, and is sufficient to meet the need for dietary weight loss. A total of $460 million is expected to be invested in the company’s marketing fund.
On November 13, 2020, the company's project was approved to enter the pilot phase of a bed, and the research and development process went further. According to the Global Adult Heavy Survey, published in 2016 by the Lancet, China's obese population is about 89.6 million, the world's top priority, and the product, if successful, will succeed.
A batch of names will provide companies with more room for imagination. Chart 9 includes projects and so forth; the biopharmaceutical R & D registration process typically includes design development, pre-clinical research, clinical declarations, clinical trials, products.
The impact of scale 1.4 has led to a gradual reduction in the cost of products. The Americian Maori ratio has remained extremely high, benefiting from the still high price of the market for urinate products, and from the fact that the cost of a company ' s products has been kept low, and the subsequent increase in production and sales has been accompanied by an increase in production capacity.
The volume of corporate sales has increased, the scale effects have evolved, and the cost of purchasing and the unit price of products have fallen. The production of corporate products has increased rapidly in recent years, rising by 76.39% in 2019, to 1,679.1 million.
The procurement of raw materials has gradually increased and the bargaining power of companies and suppliers has increased, while the Department has been able to introduce new, lower-priced suppliers, with sterile needles converted from agent purchases to direct purchases in 2019, with a particularly marked decline in unit prices. Moreover, in addition to the lower cost of raw materials, there has been a significant increase in production.
The share of manufacturing costs and labour costs for products has also declined, the unit cost of products has shown a downward trend, and the scale effect should continue to drive down corporate costs.
Chart 11 shows a year-by-year reduction in unit costs (in dollars/contributions) for American-American products. Looking ahead, the company plans to use $191 million to raise funds for the second phase of the project on the production of medical devices, mainly for the production of Effie, Hiya, Yumei and Bonida, which is expected to be operational in 2022.
Production capacity will reach 3.607 million, and the company’s productive capacity will be significantly increased to further enhance the corporate-scale effect. 1.5 Actively build marketing networks, consumer education will create brand power. Consumer education will be used as a short board for domestic brands of urinate, to some extent holding up the price of national brands.
Emmett is currently exploring ways of developing consumer education and marketing networks, and it is hoped that branding will be strengthened in the future. The company has now set up a “All-China Academy” to gradually educate doctors through content exports, and to pursue sustainable development by providing continuous access to doctors and promoting consumer education.
In addition, the company plans to use $150 million to raise funds to set up six marketing centres in Beijing, Chengdu, Nanjing, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Xizhou, to manage marketing and marketing operations in the company in an integrated manner and to strengthen the company’s capacity to train practitioners to meet its rapid development needs. The creation of marketing networks is expected to boost the company’s consumer education.
In order to have a positive impact on brand promotion, brand power will, to some extent, enhance the bargaining power of corporate products.
The upper edge of the medical-American chain is a medical producer, a medical institution dominated by non-public hospitals, and a consumer downstream. Producers sell their products to medical-American institutions by selling them directly, a process that depends on the procurement decisions of health-care institutions, and the main factors that influence them are product compliance, safety, repair efficiency.
From the point of view of industrial profits, the end-sale price of medical-American products tends to be much higher than the bid price, and the industry has a very high profit margin. Medical-American producers can do so with higher technical and brand barriers to their products.
90% and costs are relatively manageable, with net interest rates reaching 40-50%; Mäori in health-care institutions generally stands at around 50%, while Mänco institutions need to invest more in doctor's remuneration, marketing and follow-up services, at a relatively higher rate of cost over time.
The cost is $30.41, with an average sale price of $310.83, and the price of 500-per cent-per cent-per cent-of-the-food injection on the new Oxygen app will benefit in part from the industry’s speciality. Compared to the traditional medical sector, the industry has a stronger consumer identity and a more autonomous pricing position, so it remains relatively high-end and product supply.
In relative scarcity, producers and marketing agencies are able to set higher sales prices.
It is triggered by its own demand, its marketing orientation, its high degree of autonomy and its ability to trigger its own disease, its more selective nature, and its strong consumer attributes. Market autonomy and institutional autonomy in pricing
Primarily price-based, centralized pricing is based on local market economic conditions, competitive medical beauty markets, level and cost of medical treatment services.
The decision-making power of doctors over what products to use in the context of national health policies and hospital decision-making flows is largely dependent on the procurement decisions of non-public health-care institutions.
The process and the doctor's judgment influence the sales pattern, compliance, safety, restoration effects, branding, prices and production.
Business partnerships between producers, high profit costs, and retention of stable, high-quality end consumers are important, often dependent on technology and reputation.
Marketing demand. Marketing is relatively low through advertising, search engine prices, and medical app community sources.
(1) Upstream producers have higher technical barriers and entry thresholds than medical institutions. The bouriate products belong to medical devices of the iii category, and the registration process for the development of medical instruments typically includes laboratory research, animal experiments, annotation tests, clinical trials and registration declarations, with longer cycles and higher uncertainties, while medical devices of the iii category are medical devices of the iii type.
At present, only 17 companies have obtained certificates of registration for transparent sodium sodium sodium sodium injectors in China, seven of which are Chinese and Mainland companies. The high entry threshold means that there is currently less upstream competition and a higher bargaining power for downstream.
(2) Downstream medical institutions are fragmented and relatively low bargaining power is available. As a result of the current situation in the country, there are, in fact, 11000 + U.S. medical institutions (hospitals, outpatients, clinics, etc.) nationwide in 2018.
In the absence of adequate regulation, the entry threshold for medical institutions is relatively low and the competition is more intense, so the bargaining power is relatively low upstream. (3) The supply of boulina is still on the seller’s market, and upstream prices are stable.
As a result of the platform’s promotion, the pharmaceutical industry is gradually taking off its mysterious veil, and the price of the end-sales bruising acid is becoming more competitive, but at the same time upstream suppliers are still in the seller’s market, and the prices of the output have not yet been significantly affected. In the case of Emmett, the company’s bruising products have remained stable in recent years, and some sub-brands have increased slightly.
2.2 Industry growth drives and expands space. Despite years of growth in the medical and aesthetic sector, the penetration rate has increased, but there is still much room for improvement compared to countries where it has matured, with the growth of the disposable income of the population and the social acceptance of the medical and aesthetics.
As the health sector continues to grow, and as the community of users of medicine continues to widen, it will maintain its rapid growth momentum and market prospects for the foreseeable future. The rise in disposable income will provide a strong impetus to the development of the health sector.
The disposable income of households in urban areas of the country rose from $19,109 in 2010 to $42,359 in 2019, with a combined annual growth rate of 9.25%. When basic subsistence is met, people will have more energy and capacity to focus on emotional needs, medicine helps people to become more beautiful, socialize people, improves them.
As the population's consumption capacity increases, the pursuit of the beauty becomes more and more intense, and the healthcare sector will in the future (2) increase the acceptance of the beauty of the health sector, and the awareness and recognition of the beauty of the health sector will grow as the content marketing platform and the star effect increase.
At the same time, firms in the industry are continuously investing in research and development and technological innovation, making the quality and use of medical and aesthetic products themselves more and more accessible to consumers, and social acceptance more and more. According to the New Oxygen Survey, more than 60% of people in China are now positive about medical and aesthetics.
Figure 20 “Medical beauty” became a popular topic in the community, such as Little Red Books (3).
The average age of health-care consumers is 24.45 years, compared to 65.21% in the 20-30 age group. Compared to the United States, the demand of consumers over 35 years of age is almost frozen and far from released. In addition, there has been a marked increase in the number of male health-care users in recent years, and the potential for future growth is not negligible.
The male ratio is even higher than that of women. In the future, as the target group age widens, male users’ needs are being exploited, and the market space for medicine and the United States will rise further. (4) Market space analysis
Frost Sullivan analyses predicting that the market size of China’s American-American transparent-acid end product will exceed RMB 50.0 billion in 2021, with a local branding ratio of about 30%. On the basis of Frost-Salivin data, I figure 23 shows the market size of the American-transparent-acid end product (billions)
2.3 Take a look at the national product plate for bouria (1) Injection-type projects dominate the medical-American industry.
In 2019, according to the data on new oxygen, 67.33 per cent of the country ' s total medical and aesthetic treatments were operated in the form of injections.
As an introduction to medicine, 57.04 per cent of the country’s medical industry dominates the country’s medical industry. Injecting medicine, the share of urogenic acid is over 60 per cent, with a high increase of 53.11 per cent in 2019.
(2) Competition patterns in the domestic market for urephatic acids: At the time of the “national substitution” of the industry, there were currently 17 companies in the national market for urephatic acids, which were certified as medical equipment and qualified to sell their products. Due to the high technical, qualification and financial barriers in the production of urephatic acid, competition in the industry was concentrated in a small number of countries.
In terms of market share, import brands continue to dominate, with local companies with a higher share of local companies, such as Emmett, Luang Hae and Wah Hee-Bing, accounting for the combined sales of these three companies in 2018 according to Frost Sullivan.
23.4%. However, as local product groups grow, quality is gradually improving, and technological innovation continues to increase, the competition for national product brands will continue. In 2014-2018, the annual compound increase in revenue from market sales of national product plates in China ' s medical and American injecting product markets was 32.2%, which is higher than the 18.7% of imported brands during the same period.
So how does the domestic urea brand compete with the imported brands? We think that urea is a medical entry-level product that has a higher value than the imported brands, and that, as medically-oriented users move to 90 and then concentrate, second-line urban users rise, and the national product plate and the domestic product plate rises.
After 90 years, we became the Chinese Medical and American Consumer Force. The age distribution of our medical and American consumers is highly concentrated in the 20-30 age group, and the data from the new Oxygen data show that the average age of medical and American consumers in 2019 was 24.45 years and 20-30 years.
The overall level of consumption in the post-90 population is relatively low compared to 70 and 80, and the average annual consumption in the medical and US sector is also relatively low. According to Irene, the average annual consumption in the post-90 medicine sector was between $1,000 and $2,000 and $5,000-6,000 after 80 years.
Figure 28 The age distribution of health-care consumers in China is a rise in demand in non-front-line cities. China’s medical-American market is slowly permeating from high-line to low-line cities, 2019.
The number of users of health-care products in the newest city of the year was higher than in the first, and the proportion of second-line cities gradually increased, providing a wider market for national product brands. Figure 29 Regional distribution of health-care consumers in China
The prevalence of new Oxygen and other medical applications has made the beauty of medicine no longer high. With the introduction of new Oxygen and so on, the market has become more transparent, consumers have more choices, and medical apps are constantly promoting marketing activities to further widen the client base, and the consumption threshold for the health sector has been reduced, and the prices of domestic products are lower.
Cards are also becoming a choice for more and more American-American users. Frost Sullivan predicts that China’s market for the end product of purea will be more than $5 billion in 2021, with a local branding ratio of about 30%, which will grow in the future.
Emmetts focus on the production of the finished boulina, which is less well-earned in terms of income, but benefit from the higher Māori rate of the boulina supply business and the company’s ability to make the best profit. The company will be expected to enrich the product line further and increase the size of the company’s revenue collection when it comes to the market.
The company’s Māori rate continues to rise, leading in profitability. The U.S.-Americans’ upstream track is limited, the product is strongly supported by market demand, and the company’s products have a pre-emptive advantage in the market segments, allowing them to sustain high premiums.
On the other hand, in 2019, as a result of the change in corporate ownership of the product to a simple tax based on value added tax (VAT), the tax rate was adjusted from 16 per cent to 3 per cent, and the non-taxed price increased, with a gradual increase in the share of products with a higher Māori ratio.
The effect of scale is gradually developing to drive down corporate unit costs and raise Māori rates.
The company sales model is based on direct sales through its own sales team to the medical and American institutions, resulting in a lower level of sales costs and the effect of scale on sales costs, which in 2019 were only 13.84 per cent, as the size of the company ' s income increases.
Figure 34 Comparable rates of corporate sales costs. Corporate management rates declined steadily, and in 2019, due to higher rates of growth in corporate revenue, management rates dropped to comparable rates of corporate management costs.
Companies are more profitable and net interest rates are ahead. Net interest rates rose significantly to 53.43 per cent in 2019, and the effect of scale is evident, reflecting the company’s excellent cost and cost management capacity.
In terms of operating capacity, the turnover rate of corporate receivables is much higher than industry averages, and there is a slight upward trend in inventory turnover. Corporate sales settlements are dominated by cash-to-distribution, with a lower average balance of receivables, reflecting the company’s ability to negotiate more downstream; and the company’s stock turnover capacity is higher than comparable firms in the industry and has a greater ability to operate.
Figure 37 Comparable turnover of corporate accounts receivable (sub-) Figure 38 Comparable stock turnover of companies (sub-) Emmett concentrates on the field of medicine and, in the face economy, the rapid release of medical end demand and market space
Large. With high R & D capacity and evidence capacity, companies with rich product matrix support have been able to increase their harvests, gradually creating scale effects and driving down procurement costs; and consumer education has been used as a short-board for domestic brands of urinate, to some extent holding back price increases for national brands.
To explore the development of consumer education pathways and marketing networks, it is hoped that branding will continue to grow in the future, and that, while taking advantage of the dividends of the industry, we will achieve steady performance with our own engines.
As the only currently approved three types of medical instruments on the neck line, Hinds is expected to maintain a high future, and as the competitive market for Effrey is relatively high, the rate of revenue growth is expected to slow in the future; and X. Bonida is expected to maintain a high product premium of more than 98 per cent as a long-acting urinary acid at the high end of the location.
As a fugitive upgrading product, Fumei 1+1, there is a substitute for Fuming beauty, whose income will gradually tilt to Fuming 1+1. Increased competition leads to downside risk, failure to approve products, and product safety risks.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.