The logic of growth behind the tap of light-medic gold, the track, in-depth study/retail trade, 25 February 2021.
Medical beauty has developed over the years and has improved penetration, but it is still at a low level compared to mature countries with at least five times the growth space in the medium and long term, with a blubber of urinary acid.
At the same time, the higher-than-prescription barriers have led to relatively limited supply, ensuring that the competitive patterns are small enough, and that the advantage of the pioneers is more pronounced. Moreover, the high value of the country’s product plate is higher than that of the country’s primary consumer group, 90 or 00, and will be matched with the country’s future product.
It is expected to continue to improve in terms of quality of goods and products, competitiveness and city occupancy.
Products have been dynamic over the years, and big monolithic highs are in rapid release, and there is still room to release their potential. The company has launched a new product on average for a period of one to two years, which effectively smooths fluctuations due to the life cycle of a single product.
Unique and popular products, which are expected to be $3.9 billion in 2025. Corporate channels can be used to empower customers, distribute and expand markets through direct sales, and companies have organized a teaching platform, the All-China Academy, that can pool the best doctors' resources in the industry, which enhances the company's ability to interface with the downstream and enhances industry's influence for the company's sustainable development.
Strong R & D + product differentiation layout, high M & A protection, well-regulated entry vouchers, coupled with barriers to early technology R & D, have resulted in higher upstream industrial concentration, stronger bargaining power for large and dispersed downstream institutions, high M & A is common to the industry, related enterprises, with a high R & D ratio of boulina products.
The Māori rate is as high as 90%, with Emmets being more focused on their business... Differentiated product targeting is better. In addition, Higs, the only three types of medical devices in the country that have been approved by the Drug Enforcement Authority for circulatory adaptive disorders, are low in prices and still have room and conditions for upward unit prices.
With a heavy-pound relay of needles, bottox, and so on, strong growth is expected to continue, with new varieties + new production capabilities + large spaces, laying the foundation for long-term growth. As a healer, Emmett does not stop at the art of the past, but is actively trying to expand new projects, and the company’s reserves now consist mainly of pins (which are expected to become a nation).
Emerika's annual report, 2020: high-performance, high-yielding production, first-time products, to be marketed in the second half of 2021, botox, soluble-fat needles, anaesthesia, etc.
Focusing on facial wrinkledness, weight loss and pain relief can meet the growing demand for medical beauty diversification, and without new products on the market, companies can provide a more comprehensive coverage of medical beauty projects, capture more market shares, stabilize the orderly quality of the company's products, and fully release the potential of the products, which is ample proof of the company's management.
The Department of Public Services has a global focus on resource development, the effectiveness of forward-looking and organizational structures for the next page of our decision, and we have the ability to ensure that effective growth is accompanied by a response to uncertainties in the business environment, that the dividends of the growth of the health-care industry are shared over the long term and that the company’s long-term development prospects are taken into account.
Emmett, a national high-technology company established in August 2004 to specialize in biomedical research and development, production and marketing, was the first company in the country to obtain a certificate from the Drug Enforcement Authority for the manufacture of medical devices for injecting transparent sodium acid for facial sodium repair, based on research and development platforms such as the Beijing City Engineering Laboratory for new biodegradable materials, which is actively involved in research and development of pharmaceutical technology and continues to push forward.
The real controller, Ms. Jang, is personally in charge, and the equity incentive is concentrated. The number of shareholders in love with the US after penetrating is 13, and the shares are relatively concentrated, in which the company’s actual controller, Ms. Jang Jun, holds 41.35% of the company’s shares directly, and invests in the company’s assets through the Danretts, the customers, and the top investors.
The company’s core technical management staff indirectly owns 10.71% of the shares of the American-Americans through the two platforms.
Master ' s degree in business management, with more than a decade of experience in international trade management, was the first entrepreneurs to come into contact with the medical profession in the country; Chief Manager Shi Ying Feng was the head of China Flag Information Pre-Accounting Management and partner of Chu Xing Xing Renji Corporation from 1998 to 2010, with 12 years of experience in the management of large enterprises: Production Director Yyong-sung, with a background in pharmaceutical preparations, was employed in such well-known pharmaceutical companies as the Chinese and new pharmaceutical industry and Novartis.
His core technical staff have achieved remarkable results in the field of specialization. Corporate management teams are experienced, well-functioning, and forward-looking, able to understand market and industry trends in depth, to formulate optimal development strategies for companies, and, under the leadership of the leadership, have made rapid progress in their development and are expected to expand in an orderly and horizontal manner from the Bouriate Single Product.
The research and development of products such as “combined solution with transparent sodium acid injection” and “medical supplies” were led by the research and development of projects.
From May 2013 to March 2014, he was a research and development engineer for the Philipon Pharmaceuticals Company of Shanghai, leading the research and development, production conversion and registration of products such as sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose gel for medical transparency, and poly-dioxycyclohexone surface implants.
The growth logic behind the tap of light-medic gold track 2.1 focuses on high growth: from product sequencing + high-growth fast-release + high-speed channels, the lead business of Ameris as a domestic medical beauty needle, as the industry has developed and new products have been placed on the market in recent years.
From 2016 to 2020, corporate incomes increased by 49.74%, and despite the impact of the epidemic in the first half of 2020, companies handed over 43.93% of the volume, with high-intensity liquid products selling up to $440 million, and 83% of the market. In our view, the company’s high performance is due in part to the high yield of transparent sociables (polyuric acid) injected products in its main business, the medical industry.
Long properties, (a) pure acid as one of the main absorbents of surface and real skins, maintaining wet substrate components, in the field of medicine, are widely applied, in addition to the basic wet keeping (water light needles, mini needles, etc.), in routine micro-record surgery such as noses, apple muscles, pads, etc. Pureuric acid is also an indispensable fill and in great demand; and (b) the degradable and biocompatible properties of puretic acid lead to its injection in combination.
Non-one-time consumption (short-acting to being fully absorbed for less than one year, with long-activistic maintenance generally for less than three years), naturally generates a higher repurchase rate. Another more important reason is that the company itself, whose products have been dynamic for many years, has been a large monolithic, and that the company’s business strategy is in rapid release period, and that the company’s potential can reasonably be effectively released.
2.1.1 Products: Matrix rich + incremental, effective smooth single-product fluctuations A new product has been launched over an average of one to two years, ensuring an effective relay over the life cycle of a single product. Since 2009, the company has successively introduced solution gels for facial, neck wrinkled skin repair (Jimmy plus one, Bonida, Evelley,
The four main products of Emmy Fly, Bronze (close) and Cosmetics form a clear ladder layout, and we think that the company's layout of each follow-on product at least before each new product is on the market, which means that the commonwealth made a layout of “Bonida” before Nammi went on the market, and that before Bonida went on the market, it started to develop a project called “Evre” and a market for urephalic acid.
Other blue sea market-line sculptures in the pre-difficult pre-dating medically-American industry are evidence that companies have a very strong long-term layout and self-evolvement capability, promoting the initiation of multi-medium medical products and pre-empting the market. The company’s main products are as follows:
It's the first transparent medical acid filler under the Americian flag, the first domestic composite injection material, mainly for skin depth to skin, injection between the lower shallow layers to correct the wrinkled in the forehead and middle-heavy nasal lips for up to 6 to 12 months, and it's accessible to translucent acid enzyme rapidly degradation.
Pulse, which was built on the original solid liquid-graduation interface, can be filled for a period of 1-2 years. Bonida: Bonida popularly known as the transparent sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose gel for medical use, known as polyvinyl chloride microball, is the country’s first injection material with pva microballs, and the active ingredient stimulates the skin itself to produce new gels, which are long for wrinkles and dents.
Effrey, Emefey: Effrey's common name is sodium sodium acid gel with modifier, which is the country's first transparent sodium sodium sodium sodium acid injection material with lidocaine, which can significantly reduce the pain of injection and make it more comfortable, launched by the company in 2019.
Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi.
Phytospheric cell activation therapy, systematic development of skin health microcycles, specially designed for the improvement of neck strips, and placing of neck strips. Tightness: Tight love, commonly known as poly-to-dioxycyclohexone facial implants, is a product of the country’s first facial implants, including smooth wires, spiral wires, short-saw rods, three linear types, mainly through the implantation of wire materials into subsurface fats, parallel line formations after skin or
Weaves and connects to the surrounding tissues, creating tension, giving the skin soft tissue a tight effect, about 180-220 constant water precision cutting techniques, nasal lips.
The subterranean fat layers are currently the main performances of Hives, Bonida, and Evelyn's contribution companies. Changes in the income structure of companies are mainly influenced by multiple factors such as the location differences of product lines and the competitive environment in which they operate.
After two years of marketing, the safety and effectiveness of the high neck pins have been widely recognized since they came to the market in 2017, and the growth window has rapidly entered, with sales increasing nearly 15 times in the four years since they were listed, and sales of liquid products, branded primarily by the Hive, accounted for 63% of the revenue in 2020. In addition, the "Panda needles" in the same series of high neck pins were marketed in June 2020.
It's the first injectable product in the domestic market that specializes in tear-crowding, black-eyes, has the same unique position in the potential segment of the eye-deep market, and is expected to be new. The company has now rolled out its Integrated Eye-Current Rejuvenation Programme in tandem with a number of commercialized projects that are tied to other products of the company and are expected to further stimulate growth while sustaining other products.
2.1.2 High body: Specialized monolithic, exclusive neck injection market. Uneven supply and demand of the neck market provides a good opportunity for high body entry. Neck ageing is typically carried out by ultraviolet light, air pollution, dry environment, etc.
The skin oil imbalance, muscles and tissues that are often caused by the low-headings, as well as filamentary fibrosis of the real cortex, are usually reflected in the loss of skin laxity, atrophy and elasticity of the neck, with severe neck stripes that can occur at all ages. In recent years, as consumption rises and awareness increases, young women’s quest for beauty has become more disaggregated, and “Swan’s neck” is one of the hottest projects.
According to the 100-degree index, the search index for neck strips in 2020 was more than three times higher than in 2014 and the focus is still fast. How do you get neck strips?
The main components of the Hive include non-hybrid transparent acids, various amino acids, l-myelium and vitamins, folding of the cortex cell living therapy (a combination of direct injections from point-to-point injections, breaking skin barriers, positioning, sterilizing, numeric transfer of nutrients) and effective activation of self-contained cells, stabs.
The synthesis and reconstruction of radical and induced gel proteins has the effect of enhancing the skin of the neck and repairing the neck strips, while the high body accompaniment technology has improved the pains of glucose decapitation and has become the preferred choice for most doctors and consumers. How geometric is the market space in the Hives? The differential positioning of the Hives has given it a unique market value, and there are no other manufacturers at present.
The approval of a similar product means that, as the country’s only three types of medical devices approved by the Drug Enforcement Authority for circulatory adaptive disorders, the Hiding Body will have exclusive access to the neck repair market for at least five years. According to Sullivan data, the endpoint of China’s sodium leachate in 2021, the penetration rate of the annual high body in the boriot injection market increased to 10%, 14%, 18%, 20%, and 22%, respectively.
The size of the market could be $3.9 billion in 2025. 2.1.3 Channel: Direct marketing core customers, distribution and market expansion. The right marketing is equally important for the non-rigid demand medical beauty industry.
Costers have access to decision-making products that are not a sufficient condition for success simply to break through high-tech barriers, and there are not many manufacturers of urinary acid injectors in the market, but companies are always able to introduce new products that lead the market, match consumer demand, and the market share continues to rise, in line with the company's insistence on a marketing model of “direct marketing and distribution”
At present, the company distribution network covers 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country. Under the direct marketing model, companies can be more involved in the marketing and end-marketing of the products of medical beauty institutions, providing downstream medical institutions with comprehensive solutions ranging from products to services, addressing the location of the products of medical institutions, strategies for their promotion, and internalization.
It promotes branding on a variety of issues, such as design, customer operations and maintenance; it also enables real-time understanding of market realities; it creates better control over end product use and customer resources; and it enhances the sensitivity of corporate product development and distribution patterns: distributors mainly cover medical institutions that are not directly covered by the company's sales team, which is a useful channel.
In response to the current situation of downstream institutions to speed up the process of shuffling and increase the market share of products. In order to adapt to downstream market characteristics, the Department uses a buy-out distribution model in some parts of the country (selling products to distributors and distributing products to distributors after a rigorous evaluation of distributors' qualifications, credit, size, etc.), the company is now investing in expanding the product.
In addition, in 2017, the company organized the All-China School, a platform for teaching, research, mutual assistance, and content as a whole, which brought together excellent medical resources and enhanced the company’s ability to interface with downstream health-care institutions.
The speed at which the market is driven to provide dynamic support for the sustainable development of companies and industries.
2.2 Focus on Māori: Due to strong barriers + product differentiation, the medical and American industry naturally occupies a core value chain. As a cross-cutting industry, including medical research, equipment, beauty services, cultural entertainment, etc., the industry has a wide market dimension.
In terms of value distribution, upstream raw materials represent only about 20 per cent of the cost, marketing and agents about 60 per cent, doctors and clinics about 20 per cent, upstream manufacturers are subject to a strict approval process due to the large number of medical devices and currently have fewer products approved by the National Drug Control Authority, which ensures a good pattern of competition, leading producers have a Māori ratio of about 70-90 per cent and net interest rates of 25-90 per cent.
60%. There is a large and fragmented market for medical and aesthetic institutions in the middle of the country, with 50-60% Māori rates, but the level of profitability is affected by sales costs, with less than 30% of the industry ' s earnings.
Higher levels and stronger bargaining power over downstream institutions, with a higher Americian Māori ratio primarily benefiting from its focus on high-tech end-points of puretic acid, while Wah Hee-Bing and Xiaohai have been dragged down by other operations to lower overall Māori rates.
2.2.1 Barriers: Strong R & D inputs + multiple and scarce license plates, the construction of deep-fence rivers, high-technology thresholds and complex approval processes mean that access to relevant registration and production qualifications is difficult, and products, once approved, can maintain a prior advantage over a longer period of time, creating natural high barriers to industry.
The cost of medical beauty material production enterprises is high in the early stages, and the company ' s main products are iii-type drugs, subject to strict approval for market access, pre-preparation stages (design preparation, market survey, initiation of personnel), pre-clinical research stages (technology conversion, technical validation, pharmaceutical efficacy toxicological studies, clinical trials)
It usually takes three to six years between the stage of clinical research (i, ii, iii), the stage of registration and approval (registration, approval) and the actual period, to control quality, and to invest in research and development with a high degree of professionalism.
Every year, significant investments are made to ensure the smooth progress of scientific research projects, thereby promoting sustainable innovation in products, with 91 research and development workers in 2020, representing 23 per cent of the total workforce, and an investment of $61 million in research and development, representing a 27 per cent increase in the same year. Currently, companies have 41 patents, of which 23 are patents for inventions, and secure technology.
2.2.2 Disparities: multiple start-ups + exclusive products, and bargaining power highlights the fact that, while there has been a certain degree of competition in the transparent acid industry in recent years, there is an increased risk of product homogenization, which has led to an increase in competition.
But the company’s position, based on product differentiation, has not been able to compete positively, thus ensuring high Maori sustainability. Of these, Bonida is a rare species of super-duper facial tissue filler market, which currently has long-lived effects on the domestic market.
Two products, with a price of approximately $2547 per piece, remain strong, and the Māori rate remains at more than 98%: Tightness as the country's first facial beauty line product is expected to further exploit the space of demand, and the planting line is “same in the United States and South Korea.” Hi, as the only three types of medical devices in the country that have been approved by the FDA for neck strip adaptives, is the price itself.
Low, unit prices are still high in terms of space and conditions. In fact, high-rise prices have grown since 2017 from $285 a.m./p. 2.3. Focused high: due to heavy-pound relays such as puppies + bottox, tube lines can expand over time, new varieties + new capacity + big space, laying the foundation for long-term growth.
Actively experimenting with the expansion of new projects, the company's current reserves include, inter alia, transparent sodium gel, injection of a type of botulinum toxin, medical biorepairs and genetically recombinant proteins, which focus on non-filled surfaces, wrinkling, weight reduction and weight management, which meet the need for a gradual increase in medical beauty and the diversification of thin vinyl shapes.
In the future, as new products are placed on the market, the risk of income overdependence on the urinate product series will be reduced, opening up new opportunities for companies to grow and capture a greater market share in the medical and aesthetic sector.
Using the original nuclear expression technology, there are costs for diabetes and biopharmaceuticals.
Preclinical research 1) The couture needles are expected to get the country's first iii-type medical certificate.
The pulmonary protein is regenerated and more natural, and the company ' s project on machining has now reached the stage of registration (pre-marketing at the end of the year) and is expected to be marketed in the second half of this year, with the prospect of a replacement for medical devices of the i-, ii-, or even cosmetics, which are on the market, as well as uncertified products that are hypocritical and are new to the company ' s sales, leading to rapid growth in the company ' s performance.
2) Together with the famous Korean company huons, the sword refers to the Blue Sea market for botulinum toxins.a botulinum toxin, a highly toxic neurotoxic product, was listed in 2008 by the former National Drug and Pharmacy Authority, certified as a toxic drug with strict license plate approval, and can be certified for more than five years in the light of progress in clinical research and development of major products.
New Year's Emeritus has signed a cooperation agreement with the South Korean company Huons, which authorizes the import, registration and distribution of its botox product, Hutox, within the Chinese region, which will be responsible for clinical trials and applications for registration within the Chinese region. Hutox, a South Korean 4th commercial botox product, is branded Liztox in the Korean market, although it is not yet officially in the country.
Listing is on the market, but the country’s medical community has become less well known, even if it is well-established, and it is hoped that the dividends of the bottox market will soon be shared. At the same time, a number of domestic firms have been working with overseas brands to develop injecting bottox products, with the hope that the next three to five years will be followed by a series of launches that will drive the industry to a new level.
Table 8: The Chinese market has already received a lot of botox products. 3) The aim is to engage in a thin-skinner business: the company's genetically restructured protein drug is a similar (glp-i) recombinant of human insulin high blood sugar samples, mainly for the treatment of diabetes mellitus and obesity.
According to the Adult Weight Survey, the obese population in 2016 (about 80 million people) is the highest in the world; at the same time, with the ageing of the country, the number of diabetic patients has grown year after year. However, there is currently no drug approval in China for obesity-resilient drugs, and there is still a gap in the market. Given the rapid rise in obesity, diabetes, etc., and the lack of health awareness among the population.
The demand for better and less weight is strong, so if the company develops products that will be marketed successfully in the future, it will be able to open up the situation on a thin, light-medicated body. The Emmett's genetic re-protein project has a 76-month research and development cycle, with a post-partum capacity of 13,57 million units/year, yielding a yield of $548 million.
In addition to these heavy-pound products, the company, in a joint venture with the Eastern Medical Association of the Korea Cutting Company, established an Eastern American (51 per cent shareholding) to introduce patent technology into Korea for the development and production of plant-line products; and an agreement with Shandong-ching Blue Sea medicine to transfer technology for the introduction of local external anaesthesia products for use in local anesthesia prior to injection.
Leaks in tubes: The trend towards light medicine based on urinary acid is rapidly expanding in our medical beauty industry, which, according to Sullivan, grew from $29.8 billion to $17.69 billion in 201219, with a compound rate of up to 28.9 per cent, surpassing Brazil in 2017 to become second only to the United States.
The second largest global health-care organization, among which non-surgery “light medicine” is relatively safe, short recovery periods, low prices, and more popular with consumers, adding up to the high rate of short-time buy-backs and expanding markets more rapidly. According to the Irene advisory data, the penetration rate in 2019 was only 3.6%, well below 20.5% in South Korea, 16.6% in the United States and 11% in Japan.
At this level, there is about five times as much growth space in the medium-to-long term. In terms of consumer portraits, the majority of medical-American consumers are women in the 18-40 age group, and it is expected that with rising incomes and awareness in low-line cities, the medical-American user community will expand.
1) From the instincts of a person's desire for "beautifulness." The technologies that used to be “beautiful” in decoratives, beauty cameras, cosmetics, etc. were widely available and medical beauty, as a more direct and effective tool, was successful in the “speeching of beauty” phase. New oxygen data show that in 2018, more than 60% of the population of my country was optimistic about the beauty of medicine, and only 20% of the population was opposed to the beauty of medicine.
In 2018, China’s per capita final consumption expenditure was $3148.19, and five years of gagr was 8.3 per cent, reducing the gap from 5.40 times in 2014 to 4.3 times the gap between South Korea and South Korea in terms of cultural entertainment, aesthetics, etc.
Similarity is high, and as the standard of living of the country’s population improves, the gap in penetration rates is expected to narrow. 3) The supply side is well developed, China’s advantages are highlighted, and the country’s production is being replaced. (a) The increasing level of technology is expected to alleviate the constraints of health-care beauty safety, value for sex, experience, persistence, etc., and is expected to be an accelerator for improved penetration: (b)
In recent years, with the upgrading of the quality of the country’s product plates and the advantage of high value for money, digitalization operations have been able to match market demand in a more timely manner, a situation that has slowed down. In the area of urea needles, the most visible is the annual rise in the market for domestic urinate brands in 2016-2018, where we believe that, with technological advances, apart from urea, meat is toxic.
The country’s product plates are expected to be “out-of-the-box” in the sub-areas of vegan, photovoltaics, etc. The sales of our brands in the market for urinate acid are equal to the four other mountain stones: exploring the growth path of Alqian.
Do you think that the medical industry is still a very attractive blue sea market, but we would like to take advantage of mature American firms in order to better assess the size of the industry, given the different product structures and business models of these comparable companies in the country?
Al was founded in 1948 in Los Angeles, expanded into a global company in 1970, acquired in 2015 by Actavis, which has since changed its name to allerganplc. Abbvie received $63 billion in May 2020.
The project to buy Al has been completed, Al has been renamed Al's "allerganaesthetics" and has seen Al's anti-war history and found that several of the key nodes of its expansion have been achieved through M&A. Al's involvement in the medical and beauty industry began with the acquisition of Nome's company in 2006, when Norma's beauty products, real skin fillers, and obesity intervention products expanded Al's market position.
In 2007, Alkill continued to acquire the groupecorn éal laboratory, consolidating the global market position of Jojaden and the new generation of transparent acid leather fillers. Then it acquired the endoartsa company, which developed a remote sensing measurement receptible gastroband device for the treatment of obesity.
Since 2009, after 11 years of growth, China has become the second largest market after Al's building America, with Al being built in China in 2012-2016.
In 2019, Al-Jan achieved an income of RMB 112.2 billion, of which RMB 33.672 billion was earned on the medical beauty business. The size of the ceiling is high enough to allow much room for improvement in the case of Al-Qaeda.
The Ministry, the Ministry of Consumer Markets and Digital Marketing, Inc., is empowered to provide medical education, market promotion, marketing management, hospital operation management, business development, etc.; to provide professional technical guidance and consumer literacy to medical professionals through the establishment of the Al University College, the Chengdu Innovation Centre and the Al-Air Online Academy Platform; and to provide China ' s Orthopaedic Association
We will work together to set industry standards, guide the right ideas for beauty, promote the normative development of the medical beauty industry, and help Al build his reputations and reputations. All of these measures have been applied to varying degrees, and given the company’s branding potential for further expansion, we assume that the company’s main products are:
1) “Him” is the only product in the country that is currently approved by the National Drug Control Service for the restoration of neck wrinkles, with a strong market demand and a fast-growing product. It is assumed that sales will increase by 50%/50%/50% in 2021-2023, with an average of 163.28 times the price of tttmpe, respectively.
Valuation method II (peg method): based on a profit projection of the company's projects, rapid growth in light medicine dominated by high corporate performance in 2021-2022 and firm performance growth certainty and rapid growth capacity as a medical needle tap can be achieved.
Good. Maintain the `recommended' rating. Increased industry competition, medical accidents, new incubation less than expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.