Postal Bank (601658): Operational resilience is good, financial reporting reasons: Performance point evaluation. Among the commercial banks, it is one of the few banks that has achieved a year-round rise in revenue.
Loans grew strongly, and retail lending grew significantly faster than industry. In 2023, the Postal Bank increased its lending by $938.460 billion, or 13.02% more than the previous year. On the retail side, it benefited from differentiated growth poles and client base advantages, slowing demand for individual business loans, and growing individual housing loans at a slower pace.
In 2023, the company’s net difference was lower than in 2022, with interest rates ranging from 19bp to deposit holding rates, but it was affected by the “termization” of deposits, with q4 rings down by 1 bp.
The average annual interest rate on deposits fell by 8bp to 1.53 per cent. Revenues benefited from the company’s differentiated strategies in the area of wealth management and increased asset allocation capacity by 24.16 per cent compared to the same year.
Basic stability, an increase of 0.36 per cent. Revenue from settlement operations increased by 7.29 per cent. Companies increased their operations, such as bond financing at the level of the comptoirs and banks, and investment bank charges increased significantly by 42.91 per cent. Income from other operations increased by 68.79 per cent, assets were of excellent quality and risk offset capacity remained high. At the end of 2023, the rate of non-performing loans to the Postal Bank was 0.83 per cent, compared to 2022 per cent.
By the end of the year, there was a slight decline of 1 bp, a marginal increase of 2 bp over the end of q3. By subsector, the rate of poor public lending rose from 2 bp to 0.55% at the end of the sixth month, mainly as a result of an increase in bad real estate and a general stabilization in other sectors.
Overall, the volatility of the main industries is within the bounds of control. In late 2023, the Postal Bank made provision for non-performing loans. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: companies have a customer advantage in retail, inclusive, three-farm, green, etc., and growth is forecast to be faster than comparable. The areas of corporate advantage are more strongly supported by national policies, with interest rates on the relevant loan varieties or with the market.
Given the slowdown in interest rates on loans, savings and heavy pricing will ease the pressure on the end of the debt, and the expected rate of interest spreads will slow down. Companies have a small historical burden, a good customer base, wind, retail transformation effects, asset quality excellence, a stable share of red, first-time coverage, and an “uptake” rating.
1. Reverse growth under pressure, showing good development resilience, despite the marked decline in the weight of the impairment scale with the industry, increased net profits at a slower rate than a 1.25 per cent increase over the year as a result of faster surrogate savings charges. The q2 and q3 quarter harvests increased at a lower pace, q1 and q4 were higher, mainly based on base rates.
As a result of a number of factors (see figure 1). Among the State-owned commercial banks, the Postal Bank is one of the few banks that have achieved year-on-year growth in year-on-year revenues (see figure 2).
2. A faster growth in the size of the credit is achieved, the broad credit orientation of the People ' s Bank is stronger, large banks, including the Postal Bank, play a geese role, credit placement is more positive and provides a good basis for faster credit growth throughout the year.
With respect to retail loans, 42,143 million yuan has been added throughout the year, corresponding to an increase of 10.48 per cent, which is significantly faster than the average water for comparable companies, individual microloans (mainly for personal use), credit card loans benefiting from the differentiated growth pole strategy and client base excellence. The end balance of retail loans has risen to 31.14 per cent and 4.91 per cent (as shown in figure 3).
The growth in individual housing loans has been slower, with an additional 76,228 million yuan for the year, corresponding to a growth rate of 3.37 per cent (table 2). The benefits have been stronger (table 1 shows). On the one hand, companies have been implementing major national strategic deployments and increasing their lending in the areas of advanced manufacturing, strategic and emerging industries, specialized innovation, inclusive finance, green finance, etc., while, on the other hand, firms have accelerated the construction of micro-finance.
Financial disparities have grown sharply, with customer-centred, diversified and landscape-wide marketing services, and small businesses and corporate loans growing rapidly.
Figure 3 Postal Bank retail loan balance structure 2.2.2023q4 invested more strongly than industry 2023q4, with bank lending slower than in the previous three quarters, on the one hand, because q4 was underspent on traditional credit
The People’s Bank, on the other hand, has led the banking sector to balance the increase in volume with the structure, and the investment of credit in the sector has declined. The deposit bank’s investment of 2023q4 remains strong compared to the industry.
52.28% (as shown in table 3) are significantly higher than q1-q3. This structural feature is related to its strategic positioning and competitive advantage, with companies being the leading retail banks in the country, with significant customer advantages in the areas of “Small Farms”, “Small Smalls,” and the private economy.
q4 credit growth in the reserve bank is driven more strongly. 3. Interest differentials as industry narrows and savings cost controls work better) should be mainly due to interest reduction on housing loans in stock and heavy pricing of lprs.
Adjusting the interest rate for medium- and long-term deposits, but affected by further “termization” of deposits (as shown in table 4), the average rate of q4 interest-bearing liabilities has improved only marginally, with the ring line down by 1 bp. Figure 4
Figure 5 Quarterly rates of return on chemical and interest-bearing assets and the cost of interest-paying liabilities. It is worth noting that in 2023, the cost-control of deposits at the Postal Bank was significantly better than comparable banks. On the one hand, companies insisted on the development imperative of “no size, no quality” and significantly expanded their value through policies such as performance appraisals, interest rate management, etc.
In June 2023, September and December 2023, respectively, the PPBA adjusted the interest rate on deposit downwards, the first two of which mainly adjusted the interest rate on deposits over a one-year period, to some extent contributing to a decrease in the average annual cost of PPBS for the second half of 2023; and in December, the interest rate on deposits was more strongly adjusted, with fixed-term deposits and notice deposits over a one-year period, with the exception of interest rates on current deposits.
The reduction of 10 bp or more in the balance of deposit with agreements and term deposits of one year or more is expected to contribute to a further decline in interest rates in the future, effectively alleviating the pressure on interest differentials. In a context of low risk preferences for residents, benefits from network and client advantage, and wealth management built by the Postal Bank.
Disparity growth was extreme, with agent revenue rising by $4,058 million in the same year, or 24.16 per cent, significantly better than that of banks. Financial revenue decreased by $4,785 million in the same year, mainly as a result of a one-time factor in the last year ' s net-value product transformation and a decline in the size of property. Bank card operations increased by $43 million in the same year, or 0.36 per cent in the same year, compared to a small increase of 0.36 per cent.
Credit card charges have increased by 2,388 million yuan, corresponding to an increase of $717 million, or 42.91 per cent, in investment banking charges, mainly due to the company's increased “banking + investment” connection, which stimulates business development effectiveness, debt, and debt, which has increased by $714 million, or 68.79 per cent, mainly driven by “settlement + financing” binuclearally, and by air fare certificates,
5. Rates have fallen and the scale-driven agent fees have grown faster.
At the end of 2023, there was a slight decline of 1 bp to 0.83% in the rate of badness in the Postal Bank compared to the end of 2022 (as shown in table 8), maintaining a historically low level and maintaining a leading position in the industry. The ratio of late loans to loans of concern also remained low.
At the end of 2023, the reserve bank’s provision for non-performing loans rose by 347.57%, down by 16.3 pct, down by 2.88% and down by 7bp at the end of q3.
Structurally, the default rate on public loans rose from 2bp to 0.55 per cent in late 2023 to the end of June, with a larger increase in the poor real estate sector, ranging from 144bp to 2.45 per cent, and the balance of non-performing loans as a percentage of non-performing loans on public loans reached 35.07 per cent.
In other major sectors, the manufacturing deficit rose slightly from 5 bp to 0.65 per cent at the end of June, and in the rest of the industry, it declined to varying degrees (see table 9). At the end of 2023, the retail loan deficit rate of the Postal Bank rose from 3 bp to 1.12 per cent at the end of June.
In view of the downside and downside effects in the real estate sector, the negative rates of business loans and individual housing loans have risen from 11 bp to 5 bp to 1.73 per cent and 0.55 per cent respectively at the end of June, while the poor rates of consumer and credit card loans at lower lending lines are higher than at the end of June.
The Division’s niche areas are more strongly supported by national policies, with interest rates on related loan varieties falling further or with the market, and the build-up of the lpr heavy pricing, which is expected to continue to be under pressure. Given the slowdown in interest cuts on loans, savings heavy pricing will also ease the pressure on the end of the debt, and net interest differentials are expected to slow down. The company’s history is small, its client base is good, its risk management is robust, and its assets are expected to be of good quality.
The quality of assets has deteriorated significantly: in an economic downside environment, benefiting from a good customer base, the quality of the company’s assets has improved. If macroeconomic expectations are higher or the housing market is significantly lower, the pressure on weak areas and the quality of housing loan assets has deteriorated.
Periodicization of deposits increases: as the deposit is reprioritized, the savings’ effect will be reflected, and the cost rate is expected to decline. However, if the deposit’s periodicization increases further and the cost of deposits rises, pushing up pressure on the net rate differential.
The growth in size is not as high as expected: the firm’s customer advantage is evident, and it is expected to grow faster, driven by areas such as inclusion, agriculture, and green, with a negative impact on the revenue end if the growth is significantly lower than expected.Symposium, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of research findings, and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.