Chief Inspector Dong Wu, focus on the main business, seal the dragon head towards the wind, Tin Wen-chung.
Event: The company transferred 19.99 per cent of the holdings of the country's Fury to the country's wealth of commerce, the transfer price of the non-core assets, and the focus on sealing the industry: The country's Fury was established in 2003 under the Ciec flag to specifically assume the data centre and cloud computing
The stock holding subsidiary of the plate business, with long electricity of 3,971 million, accounted for 19.99 per cent. After $140 million in concessions, the net of the capital cost will yield about $90 million in investment earnings for the company’s finances.
The company's plan for an increase in the company's schedule has passed well and will be suspended for almost two years on snake mergers and acquisitions.
Business debt ratios will decline significantly, financial pressures will decrease significantly, and the position of the majority shareholder of China-Cycle International is expected to provide more opportunities for national policy support and industrial chain cooperation. The process of integration is gradually improving.
As a result of this consolidation over the past year, HSKP has evolved in corporate governance and business mechanisms, integrating into a culture of long electricity. Three HSKP subsidiaries have formed independent profit centers and business autonomy, and have become more proactive.
Korea’s plants and Singapore’s plants will be completely destroyed by the import of new orders, and the Shanghai plant’s relocation is expected to be completed around August, with an integrated synergy with Jiang Yinji. The semiconductor industry is expected to grow in the year.
The semiconductor atmosphere has improved, benefiting the leader. As consumer electronic innovation continues, applications such as fingerprint recognition have emerged, while the penetration rate of motor electronics and smart hardware has been increasing, and the industry has made a full picture of the chain. Since 2017, semiconductor data have been sealed at the national and international levels.
In January, global chip sales jumped by 13.9%, according to sia, and there are clear signs of global semiconductor recovery for the largest annual increase since 2010.
After the international industry shuffling over the past few years, global containment patterns have stabilized. Long power is being used to buy starships, reduce large amounts of technological catch-up, success and sunny light and comfort. In the future, as new technologies such as Sip and Fan-out rise, resources are becoming available.
The company’s most difficult period may have passed, and Starcomb is gradually better in terms of import and productivity rates for new customers, and 2017 is expected to be a full-blown improvement.
In the context of promoting the most internationally competitive sealing industry in the country, industry leaders will be 29x and 19x, and we firmly value the company's card position advantages and long-term development strategies.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board