Performance met expectations and benefited from the two-vote distribution industry.
This represents an increase of 11.10 per cent and a net gain of 2,925 million yuan, or 15.62 per cent, from the same period. q4 returns of $30,248 million, or 14.25 per cent, and a net profit of $739 million, or 5.88 per cent, from the same period, and a net profit of $643 million, or an increase in the net profit from the deduction and the net profit from the return to the mother, compared with an increase of 15.62 per cent in the same year. q4 achieved revenue of $30,248 million, or 14.25 per cent, from the same quarter, and a net profit of $739 million, or 5.88 per cent, from the same period, from the same period.
Overall, the growth in corporate performance has been as expected throughout the year, with segmentation: 68.69 per cent for priority varieties, an increase of 1.15 percentage points over the same period in the previous year. The overall cost of industrial block sales was $3.209 billion, or 25.84 per cent, compared to the industry ' s operating income, and the cost of industrial plate sales increased by 1.27 percentage points.
Medical distribution: The company ' s pharmaceutical distribution business achieved revenues of $10.8618 billion in 2016, an increase of 15.90 per cent in the same year, the Maori rate of 5.89 per cent, a decrease of 0.13 percentage points from the previous year, and the company ' s pharmaceutical distribution revenues grew faster than the industry ' s faster growth. The company further expanded the hospital supply chain of innovative services, with 129 (h2+30) currently hosting hospital pharmacies and accelerated development.
Retailing: Corporate retail sales of pharmaceutical products were $5,153 million, an increase of 7.47 per cent. At the end of the reporting period, the company ' s brand chain of retail sales accounted for 1.807 pharmacies (h2+11), of which 1.173 were direct stores (h2+16) and 40 joint pharmacies (h2+1).
The sale cost was 5.02 per cent, a decrease of 0.05 percentage points from the same period in the previous year, a decrease of 2.95 per cent in management costs, a decrease of 0.12 percentage points from the same period in the previous year, and a lower rate of increase in the net return profit of q4 from the first quarter of q4 as a result of the higher non-recurring gain or loss in the disposal of non-mobile assets in q4 in 2015, while the faster increase in the net return profit was due mainly to a significant decrease in the cost of single-quarter sales, from 5.51 per cent to 4.95 per cent in the same period in the previous year.
The main reason, in our view, is related to the difference between quarterly charges, which is expected to accelerate the growth of revenues from distribution services as a result of the consolidation of beneficial flows.
In the second half of 2016, the speed of company mergers and acquisitions increased significantly in the first half of the year (the first half of which was the completion of the acquisition of Jiangxi Xiaojin Medicine Limited) and there has been a significant increase in the reporting of data over hospital coverage.
In our view, firm certainty gains are more concentrated and easier to buy, and future revenues from distribution are expected to grow faster. From the point of view of mergers and acquisitions, companies have the possibility of horizontal mergers and acquisitions (channels) and vertical mergers and acquisitions (transfers to net sales), under the two-vote system, in the past and at the bottom.
Small and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies, which are mainly price agents, as well as small businesses that operate in clinical promotion and distribution operations, face prisoner difficulties, and the willingness of both sides to engage in large businesses becomes stronger. Small pharmaceutical companies tend to choose large businesses with stable channels and stable repayments, while small businesses increase the likelihood of sales because of the fact that the distribution business has become entangled (drawing prices below the two-barrel system, increasing the flow of money putting financial pressure on them; being taken up by large businesses and declining the size of the distribution business).
At the same time, companies, as state companies, have an advantage in financing, and have sufficient funds to manage the opportunities for industrial integration during the interest-added cycle. We judge that the impact of the double vote system will gradually be reflected in the company’s statements for 2017-2019, given the lag in the acquisition of the company’s balance sheet, as well as the continued push of the two-vote electric platform, which is expected to absorb the outflow of prescriptions.
In 2016, \triangleright, in collaboration with several medical agencies, launched the “Pharma Electronic Prescription” project, which collects and distributes door-to-door prescriptions through the electronic prescription system established by the company, adding 217,000 new electronic prescriptions by the end of 2016, an increase of 600 per cent compared to the national level.
In our view, the company has a distribution and retail network, the largest dtp operation in the country, and continues to feed the pharmaceutical electric power provider, and the power company platform has matured to take over the prescription model, and in the future, the company has a financial advantage in the context of interest hikes as a State-owned business leader and is expected to better seize the integration opportunities offered by the two-vote system; and the company has both.
Distribution and retail outlets, with the largest dtp operation in the country, and continued deep-farming pharmaceutical electricians, are expected to take over exit prescriptions in the future. We expect that the two-vote system will not move as fast as expected.
Head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of experience in securities research and three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. The seventh member of the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. M.A. Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. Economics, Beijing University, and three semesters of Jurisprudence College.
After all, focus on investment opportunities under the pharmaceutical policy.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report on its content in an objective and impartial manner, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies