Shanghai Medicines (601607), Medicinal Organisms with accelerated growth in net profit deductions and good growth in distribution business, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Companies achieved business income of $12.8 billion (+14.5 per cent) in 2016, mother-to-child net profit of $3.2 billion – good growth in distribution, retail and industrial growth robustly. 1) Companies achieved sales revenue of $10.86 billion (+15.90 per cent) in pharmaceutical distribution, and we believe that growth in stock business is the main driver. 2) Corporate medicine
Retail operations achieved sales revenue of $5,153 million, an increase of 7.47 per cent over the same period. This slowdown was due to the slowdown in the number of new pharmacies, which is expected to benefit from future outflows. 3) The increase in sales revenue from the pharmaceutical industry was significant, 12,416 million. 4) The net profit from the withdrawal of non-repatriated mothers in the fourth quarter of 2016 increased by 35 per cent.
After the “two votes” system, corporate distribution will rise in both endogenous and expansive ways. In terms of outreach, companies are small, matching the big goals.
In 2016, companies with the capacity to purchase medicines in Yunnan, the Heilongjiang in Koen, Jiang Xi Ryong, Shanghai Pharmacy, the Gang, and the North of Shinhai in Koang expanded the distribution network from 18 to 20 in the provinces and cities; in the interior, the company had a good business layout in the previous period and currently covered 2,5139 medical facilities.
(cdc) 586 (+72 per cent) CDCs. Product strategies and R & D in industrial areas are expected to develop long-term growth points for the next three years in corporate distribution plates, and dtp pharmacies in retail areas. 1) In addition to research and development of new varieties and secondary research, companies are fully promoting the evaluation of the conformity of the quality and therapeutic effects of generic pharmaceuticals.
The first 70 products were identified as technical service providers for 15 higher schools and R & D companies, a repository of pharmaceutical reference preparations in Shanghai was established, and a framework agreement for strategic cooperation in research on clinical trials was signed with 10 tri-a-hospital hospitals in Shanghai.
Effects. 2) The retail sector will benefit from an outflow of prescriptions, with companies now co-organizing 40 dispensaries with medical institutions. The health of the drug cloud actively expands the docking institutions, with 217,000 new electronic prescriptions (+600 per cent) by the end of 2016; and 30 new interconnecting hospitals (+1,400 per cent) nationwide.
1. Shanghai Medicine (60160): undervalued pharmaceutical business has a strong head, strong in industrial change, big health, etc., which creates new growth points, and
+ Industrial flagships (2017-02-13) Anticipating reforms in host countries, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Shanghai Medicines (601607), strong in industrial change
The long-standing pharmaceutical and business leader (2016-07-18) will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for his specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.