Jordeji I. Events: The company published its annual report for 2016 and a red draft.
1. Industrial growth is robust and profitable. Business growth is fast, and the acquisition of the subject matter is low, selling over 26 million products, which is two more than last year.
Rates and net interest rates have declined slightly, mainly as a result of company distribution through extended mergers and acquisitions, and active deployments in Yunnan and Heilongjiang provinces, where the Māori ratio of Māori for merger and purchase is lower than that of the corporate parent.2 Cost-end sales costs, administrative costs and financial cost controls are good.
Shanghai Medicines (601607): The industry barriers, real development bottlenecks in the state reform campaign, cost-side, cost of company sales 5.02%, a decrease of 0.05% from the same year.
3. Business is well under way, business M&As are expanding the distribution network layout, industry is actively expanding, and internationalization is driving China’s entire industry chain layout. With regard to commercial M&As, companies have made breakthroughs in Yunnan, Heilongjiang, and have acquired Yunnan medicine.
The distribution network has been expanded from 18 to 18 companies, including the Medical Corporation of Shanghai, the Heilongjiang Medical Company of Shanghai Park, the Department of Medicine of Jiangxi, the Shanghai Drug Control Company, the Shanghai Medical Park and the North China Medical Corporation, and three pharmaceutical companies, including Hubei Chuhan Fine Medicine Corporation, have been involved in the distribution network.
20. The M&As in Beijing and the Grand Pharmacy in South Tonsubo have been acquired in retail sales, thus strengthening retail networks and competitiveness in Beijing and Jiangsu. In industry, the M&As have broken out and actively expanded internationalization.
Australia’s listed company vitacco has been privatized and has acquired 60% of its shares. At the same time, the company has been actively promoting the strategic layout of the Chinese whole industry chain, the creation of a new pharmaceutical (Liaoning) participation resource development company, the Lake South pharmaceutical drug development company, and the promotion of red bean sprouts, red bouquets, stone bouquets, enthusiasts, etc.
The company has also set up a joint venture with tsumura&co in Japan for the construction of Chinese medicine formulation particles. The first home clinic of the company has been established in Shanghai, and is concerned with state reform and expansion of the company’s outreach.
In our depth report of 16 February, we noted that the rejuvenation of the company’s management has contributed to positive changes. In January, the Shanghai National Investment Commission issued the First Pilot Work Implementation Programme on Stock Holdings in Local State Holdings, which basically meets the company’s conditions.
There is a clear underestimation of how well money is on the books, and in 2017 we proposed to focus on changes in companies’ state firms and their outreach. The quality of companies, the rejuvenation of management, the positive change in companies, medicine, business activity, both endogenous and expansive, are expected to accelerate growth, and the company’s future growth is expected to accelerate.
Risks of purchasing pharmaceutical commercial channels are lower than expected; policy requirements for the qualification of pharmaceutical-dispatch enterprises are in place with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC)