Large-scale health, Chinese medicine chain, robust income growth, net return profit growth slightly less than income, pharmaceutical industry sales revenue of $12,416 million (+5.01 per cent) and pharmaceutical distribution.
End-of-income growth, mainly due to a small decline in the level of Māori. The cost rate for the company period was 8.46 per cent, a decline of 0.21 per cent over the same period, with a small increase in the cost of sales, management costs, financial costs.
In industry, the Māori rate for pharmaceutical industry operations was 51.57 per cent (+1.85 pp), and companies implemented a focused product strategy, with sales revenue of $6,920 million for 60 priority varieties, an increase of 3.67 per cent over the same period, representing 55.73 per cent of the Māori rate for priority products.
According to the latest release of cfda, 289 catalogues of generic medicines that had to be evaluated for consistency by 2018, involving 156 varieties, the company plans to carry out a consistent evaluation of 90 products. The first 70 varieties have been created, of which 21 are non-catalogues of 289.
The company identified 15 higher schools and R & D companies as technology service providers, identified 32 items of interest, and worked with 10 tri-a hospitals in Shanghai on strategic protocols for clinical trials. We considered that: 1) the company ' s pharmaceutical industry earned 9.8%, Māori 47.0%, Māori
Higher share, close to pharmaceutical distribution; 2) company priority product focus strategy, focusing on higher levels of Māori in products and high income-sharing, and a steady increase in Māori in lead pharmaceutical industry operations, contributing to steady growth in corporate profits; 3) company high priority on generic pharmaceutical consistency assessment
Price, a strategic alliance with 10 Shanghai Tri-A Hospitals for clinical trials, with a pre-emptive advantage, a large stock of small varieties outside 289 catalogues based on 289 catalogues. Distribution operations continue to expand and end-cover capacity is enhanced
With regard to pharmaceutical distribution, in 2016 the company entered Yunnan and Heilongjiang Provinces, where the number of provinces and municipalities directly covered by the holding companies increased from 18 to 20, covering 25,139 medical establishments (+19.88 per cent).
Companies, which will continue to benefit from a “double vote” in the future, will facilitate, on the one hand, their accelerated M&A acquisition of high-quality regional business firms, and, on the other hand, their shift from traditional assignments to pure sales, with a higher share of pure sales and greater profitability.
The main reason for this decline is that the company owns 1,807 chains of pharmacies, of which 1,173 are in direct stores, and 40 are co-located with medical institutions, of which 11 were added in 2016.
The health of the drug cloud has completed a+ round of financing, the registered capital has increased to 1,333 million yuan, the electricity sub-prescriptive flow system has been continuously improved, and 217,000 new electronic prescriptions have been added by the end of 2016, an increase of 600 per cent compared to the previous year, laying the foundation for the absorption of the outflow of prescriptions.
The company promotes the distribution of Chinese medicine in the entire industry, mainly: 1) in the upstream sector of medicine, which has already been built in the cities of Liaoning, Shandong, Shanghai, Hunan and Yunnan.
In the case of the 10 varieties of red beans, 37 and silver almond leaves; 2) in the area of innovation, the company contributed $306 million to the establishment of a joint venture with Jinmura, Japan, with a registered capital of $600 million and a total investment of $1.2 billion, to accelerate the distribution of drug formulations in the field of the distribution of the two sides ' advantages.
With regard to the Great Health Business, the company completed the privatization project of the Australian listed company Vitaco, which acquired 60 per cent of Vitaco ' s shares at approximately $930 million. Vitaco is a nutrition company that brings together the development, production and marketing of nutrition, health and health products of the first group. The main markets are Australia and New Zealand.
Lang. We believe that: 1) higher revenues from health care products than medicines are expected to be a new growth point in corporate performance; 2) when companies acquire vitacco, they can use the company ' s channel advantage to help Vitacco ' s products enter the Chinese market, relying on vitacco ' s brand advantage and the company ' s channel advantage.
Rapid growth of the current company’s large health business. Industrial policy risks, such as double-counting: the risk of a reduction in the Māori rate as a result of mergers and acquisitions: less than expected risk for i.e. for i.e. generics; less than expected risk; less than expected risk for M&As
The value is 28.94 times higher than the average for the industry. We believe that: 1) the pharmaceutical industry of the public sector is well-placed on the evaluation of generic drug consistency, and the priority varieties have been set up to perform clinical trials with competitive advantages; 2) the distribution business of the company benefits from a “two-vote system”.
Industry concentration is good, and market shares and net sales ratios are expected to rise: 3) Innovative business such as pharmaceutical chains, high health, etc. in the company’s layout is expected to be a new growth point in corporate performance. Over the next six months, the “deficit growth” rating will be maintained.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.