Python Pelican Chemical (002601) All titanium industry chain, titanium industry international leader, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Asia’s first titanium powder dragons, and the second phase of the chlorination program, are on track to become the world’s first titanium. The company is currently the first and third largest producer of titanium powder in Asia, with five major production bases in all three provinces, selling products to more than 100 countries and territories in Asia and Latin America and the Caribbean.
Tons per year. Over the next three years, the company aims to achieve sales of 70, 85, 1 million tons of titanium powder, of which the chlorination method plans to produce 600,000 tons of sulphuric acid, 700,000 tons of total chlorine capacity, and is committed to becoming the world ' s first titanium powder production and supplier.
At the supply end, the country released only 15-20 million tons of titanium powder in 2019, while the critical environmental situation will continue to crush small- and medium-sized titanium sulphate companies that do not have adequate facilities for environmental protection: overseas capacity since 2015
Continued exit, with no additional output available, except for the resumption of production, and no additional capacity in the next 1-2 years. On the demand side, domestic demand has slowed, but is still resilient, and demand for second-time home renovation is expected to boost domestic demand; overseas benefits from rapid economic growth in emerging economies, and demand for titanium powder continues to be high.
In 2018, we exported 908,000 tons of titanium powder, an increase of 9.3 per cent compared to the previous year, of which companies exported 30.5 tons of titanium powder, which was extended up and down to create a chain layout of titanium. On the upstream side, the companies had their own titanium minerals for 800,000 tons/year, and signed agreements to secure the supply of titanium grains with Rillium and Valium titanium;
Investing $1.51 billion in an innovative project to build 500,000 tons of titanium climbing ore to convert the chlorinated titanium slag, 300,000 tons of annual chlorine titanium slags, 200,000 tons of high-quality iron, new materials for chlorinated titanium powder and high-end titanium alloys, and the development of high-end titanium alloys. The company is committed to building low-cost materials.
The titanium concentrates - titanium chloride slag - titanium chloride - titanium titanium - titanium titanium- titanium- titanium alloy whole-sector chain has been upgraded to enhance corporate profitability and core competitiveness and promote sustainable corporate development. The new titanium industry is expected to compete for a new titanium industry to further improve the entire chain of titanium products, with significant synergies.
The new titanium industry has upstream titanium resources and high titanium slag production and technology that can further safeguard the company.
Supply of raw materials; medium- and middle-stream titanium chloride technology, using the German titanium boiling chlorination technique, will help companies to repair, technologically adapt, expand and rapidly expand production capacity in the new titanium production line; and downstream sponge titanium technology and production capacity, enabling them to co-operate with the company's new titanium alloys.
Material projects, production of low-cost, high-quality sponge titanium, and when the acquisition is completed, the company will first be able to tap into titanium-chlorinated titanium slag-chloride titanium powder- titanium titanium- titanium alloy entire industry chain to consolidate and upgrade the company's leading position in the titanium white industry.
Dragon python (002601: To compete for a new titanium industry, the pace of the competition and the risks of less than expected results.
(2019-05-14) Maintenance of strong growth in the powder tap (2019-04-23) price, pilot production for the second quarter of the chlorination project
Prospective future self-sufficiency of the chlorinated titanium slag (2019-02-28) 1 company is the leading industry in the global titanium industry
1.1 The third largest titanium powder company in Asia and the third largest in the world.
Carbine Sulphur Plant, renamed the Carbon Marketed General Industrial Plant in 1975, converted into a joint-stock company in 1998, changed to Henan Pali United Chemical Co. Ltd. in 2002, and was listed in 2011 and acquired by capital advantage in 2016, effectively integrating industrial resources horizontally and vertically into one of the international titanium giants.
The company is the only major producer of titanium powder with both sulphuric acid and chlorination processes in the country. It has now become a whole-of-industry chain made of titanium titanium and titanium alloys, from mining to processing of raw materials. The titanium system covers high-quality development patterns in integrated use systems for sulfur, sulfur, iron, sulfur, etc.; it has been established to develop a high-quality industry structure for integrated use of metal resources such as sulfur, sulfur, iron and sulfur.
The titanium powder industry chain is at its core and covers more than 20 types of industrial systems in five major categories, namely, titanium, titanium, slag, sulphuric acid; the layout of the three main production bases for sulphate, Sichuan Dyang, Hubei Xiaoyang, Sichuan Xiaoyang, and the integrated development of the polymagnetic mine for the use of the base for the production of new materials for chlorination in the three provinces of Henan.
Figure 2: The company formed five major production bases in three provinces, and the company always insisted on making “deep titanium products, fine titanium derivatives,” with clear objectives for the next three years of development planning, aiming for group industrial integration. The company was to ensure 30,000 tons of high-end titanium alloys and 500,000 tons of titanium alloys in 2019-2021.
Innovative projects for the conversion of the mine into a chlorinated titanium slag, and the completion of the Xiangyang industrial chain expansion project.
Accomplishment of production. To achieve sales of titanium powder by 2019-2021 of 70, 85, 1 million tons, of which the chloride product 1.2 has a clear equity structure, employee ownership interests, and long-term development of confidence The subsidiaries, through the establishment abroad of their subsidiaries, Singley United (Hong Kong) Ltd., Bari United (Europe) Ltd., etc., in recent years
CLA (Americas) Ltd., which expands its export market, now sells corporate products to more than 100 countries and territories in Asia, Africa and Europe.