The impact of changes in the fair value of controlled shares on the company ' s current net profits - 106 million yuan, and the removal of this factor
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was 3,097 million yuan, a decrease of 4.59 per cent in the same year. The non-loss and gain fluctuations were mainly due to the impact of the displacing of the photovoltaic component operations in July 22nd year, which affected 382 million yuan.
\triangleright controls, company cost controls are effective, cost rates are falling, and the cost rate for the first three quarters of 2023 is Dun Yongkang.
\triangleright billion yuan, net profit over $1,202 million, development of grid-connected capacity over 5.3gw, sale of power stations to the mainland, over $10 billion in revenue, giving a strong impetus to sustainable business development.
On 30 September of that year, the company held a capacity of 14,848.88mw, with 12,492.40mw installed in a home-based photovoltaic station, a significant increase over the same period last year.
Low pressure to optimize channel layout and deepen the implementation of global manufacturing energy layouts. 23h1 Smart Electrical Blocks achieve $11,475 million in operating income, an increase of 7% over the same period.
Core distributors developed into regional distributors, 1,600 newly developed distributors, local- and municipal-level channel coverage from the semi-annual “New Special” market in 2023 (601877.sh), focusing on high-value-added projects, new industries such as Kosda, Sunshine Power, Upper Energy Electric, etc.
At the international level, operating income of $2.319 billion was achieved, compared with the year-on-year growth: low-pressure channels continued to deepen, with 29.14 per cent of households. At the international level, it continued to promote regional headquarters construction, the construction of four overseas factories and the deepening of Singapore traffic.
The general construction of Europe/West Asia Africa region was completed with a continuous increase in the rate of photovoltaic city management at Camp 2023/05/04.
Comment: q3 profitability has improved significantly and \triangleright can be separated \triangleright listing - 2022/10/31
Review: Channel change leads to the upgrading of the transition, and profitability is expected to be added to the q1 quarterly review: low-pressure appliances are growing steadily, new energy industries are developing methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, present the report independently and objectively and are responsible for its content and perspective. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.