It's a clear and steady increase in production, and it's a steady increase in profitability.
In 2018, the yield capacity was released, and the company ' s silicon and component capacity (601012.sh) held shares in Lungi.
In 28 and 8.8gw, respectively, the increase in the volume of goods contributed to the company ' s revenue of $21.99 billion, a 34 per cent increase in the same year, and in the context of the policy changes that led to a significant decline in product prices, the company continued to reduce its efficiency gains, with the cost of silicon crystalline and sliced chains of nonsilicon falling by 10 per cent and 28 per cent in the same year, a degree of accompaniment with the decline in product prices, resulting in a net return of $2.56 billion, a 28 per cent decline in the same year.
In 2019q1, overseas demand contributed to a sustained increase in the volume of corporate output, generating revenues of $5.71 billion, an increase of 64.6 per cent over the same period, gross interest rates, a rebound since the continuation of 2018q4, net return on investment earnings, such as power station transfers, after deducting the impact on the net return on the mother, after which the company adjusted the net return on the mother ' s share increased by 83.6 per cent over the same period.
Lungi shares are at a relatively deep depth of 300, and cash flows are good in the quarter, with capacity building to build up the balance sheet. 2019q1 companies achieved a cash flow of 938 million yuan in operating activities, a significant improvement in comparison with the ring, mainly due to a steady increase in net corporate profits during the quarter, an increase in domestic component orders and an increase in advance payments.
Added; and accelerated capacity building, equipment, engineering, etc., resulting from the growth of the project. The size of the firm’s fixed assets grew as Yunnan, Silvergawa silicon rods/silicon silicon lines were gradually consolidated.
With strong overseas demand driving up the sale of components, policies are starting to start at home. 2018 Global Photovoltage 108gw, new web cycle, monocrystal carrier re-launching. Against a background of a decline of about 9gw in domestic loading, global loading has increased by 9.3 per cent, while 2019q1 overseas aircraft have driven domestic demand to a low level.
We've got about 15 gw in the first quarter, a 29% ring increase, and we've been able to achieve 125 gw worldwide for the entire year, plus "Lonki shares" (601222):04 performance power. For competing projects, we measure the rate of return on the power subsidy at $0.07/kwh, which is about 8%.
The size of 30gw installed, together with parity, household use, and poverty alleviation projects, is expected to remain at about 40gw throughout the year. The monocrystal trend has established that companies, as industry leaders, continue to reduce efficiency gains while steadily expanding their capacity.
At the same time, there is still a gap between some of the industry’s old, technologically modified and high-quality productive capacities, in terms of cost, efficiency, and efficiency, and the supply of high-end productive capacity is still tight in the context of the failure of domestic subsidies to keep up with quarterly drops. Firm capacity expansion, with silicon, battery and component capacity planned for 2021, is continuing at 65, 20 and 30gw, respectively.
Consolidation of industrial chains. Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Day-to-day prices are 20, 14 and 12 times higher in Beijing’s West Side Street 9th House. In the second half of the year, domestic and foreign photo-voltage demand resonanced, adding up the price parity era, the firm expansion of the company’s position as a dragonhead in the photo-volt industry has been fixed, maintaining its “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: Policy support falls short of expected risks; capacity-building falls short of expected risks; demand from overseas markets falls short of expected risks. First, there is a clear and determined expansion of production and increasing profitability.
After that, the company began to expand to downstream batteries, components, and photovoltaic stations, leading to an increase in single crystal markets. At present, the company’s operations cover silicon, battery, assembly, and downstream photovoltaic power plants at the end of the industrial chain, with a capacity of 28.6, 4.0, and 8.9gw, respectively.
Figure 1: The scope of the company's business in the industrial chain. In 2018, the volume of silicon and component shipments of the company's main product increased significantly, pushing the company to earn $21,988 million, an increase of 34.38 per cent over the same period, and the company continued to boost its downside efficiency gains, but the prices of the product declined considerably, from 32.27 per cent to 22.25 per cent of the company's overall Māori ratio.
The company eventually achieved a net return of 2,558 million yuan, a decrease of 28.24 per cent from the same year. Figure 2: Changes in the company ' s calendar year revenue and year-on-year income
Figure 4: Māori rates and changes in net interest rates over the years of the company Sub-business shows that benefits from the new productive energy release and technology improvement projects were completed, with the company silicon and component production reaching 28gw and 8.8gw, respectively, by the end of 2018. In 2018, the company silicon silicon produced 3,483 million tablets, an increase of 59 per cent over the same period, of which 1,966 million were sold externally, an increase of 75 per cent over the same period.
External sales of 5.99gw, an increase of 71% in the same year. In 2018, following policy changes, the price of the photovoltaic industrial chain products fell considerably, with some impact on corporate profitability, but companies continued to push for lower efficiency, with average non-silicon unit cost of the crystal link falling by 10.49% per cent per year per unit, average nonsilicon unit cost of the sliced chain falling by 27.81% per year, and perc battery conversion efficiency of 22.2% per year, partially alleviating the pressure on product prices.
Increases of 6.31 per cent in the same year, Māori rate of 16.27 per cent, a decrease of 16.44 ppt in the same year; component operations revenue of $13.91 billion, an increase of 42.68 per cent in the same year and Māori rate of 23.83 per cent in the same figure: sales of silicon tablets and changes in the same year in the company ' s calendar year; figure 9: sales of components and changes in the same year in the company ' s calendar year
With the expansion of corporate component operations and the opening of overseas markets, and with overseas markets supporting light-voltaic demand in the second half of 2018, companies have grown year by year, with overseas markets receiving $7,79 billion, an increase of 72 per cent in 2018 and an increase of 33 per cent in their share of total revenue from 21 per cent in 2016. In the first quarter of 2019, the demand for installed machines in overseas markets sustained a low season, company silicon and component output continued to grow, pushing companies to reach $5,711 million, an increase of the same value.
The company has achieved investment returns of $108 million in the first quarter, compared to figure 13: changes in the company’s quarterly Māori rate and net interest rate, figure 14: changes in the company’s quarterly roe and roa
Figure 15: Changes in cost rates during the quarterly period of companies: good cash flows during the quarter, capacity-building for full balance sheets, higher income recognition cycles than domestic revenue recognition cycles, as the sales of components expand, particularly in the overseas market, with the expansion of sales of components, 2018q4-2019q1.
The company’s continued expansion of silicon and component capacity, equipment, engineering, etc., led to an increase in accounts payable. With the start-up of component orders in the domestic market in the second half of 2019, the company’s advance payments increased in 2019q1 and the company’s advance payments increased in long-term contracts to secure supplies of raw materials, such as silicon.
The increase in the share of the overseas market sales of the components was influenced by the fact that revenue was determined later than in the country, the expansion of the stock size of the stocks and the scale of the commodities delivered led to an increase in the size of the inventory, with a small increase in the swing days of the 2019q1 inventory to 97 days, but a certain decrease in the same year. Overall, the net profits of the 2019q1 company grew steadily, the accounts payable and bills, advance receipts, etc., grew and the company achieved business activity in the first quarter of 2019.
With the firm’s Yunnan silicon stick/silicon chip project, the Silicone silicon/silicon chip project and some power station projects gradually re-established, the company’s construction has declined in size from 218 q4 to 2019 q1. The company continues to push for silicon and component capacity expansion, with fixed asset sizes growing at the same rate.
The domestic and foreign demand resonance, the company ' s continued decline in efficiency gains, and the firm expansion of production capacity 3.1 The strong demand from overseas has driven the growth of domestic component sales in 2018, influenced by factors such as the domestic 531 policy, has led to a sharp fall in the prices of light-voltage end-products and lower installation costs.
Energy finance data, Global Photovoltage 108gw in 2018, in the context of a similar decline of about 9gw over the same period, the size of global photovoltaics increased by 9.3% over the same period. 2018q4-2019q1, the growth in the size of overseas markets driven domestic demand for components to moderate seasons. In the first quarter of 2019, the export of our components grew by 70.9gw compared to 70.1% compared to the same period, and the ring grew by 28.9% compared to the same time, with the advent of a price-neutral era, the activation of new market engines and traditional markets steadily increased, with global photovoltage in the middle of 2019-2021.
3.2 Domestic policies are expected to be in place and phased in. Domestically, in 2019, photovoltaics will be configured in parallel to parity projects and competitive bidding projects. For competitive projects, the text clearly divides photovoltaic projects into five categories, each of which subsidizes new photovoltaic projects for the purpose of alleviating poverty by alleviating poverty with fluorescent, household voltage, general power stations, business distribution, specialized and demonstration projects, and arranges for 3 billion yuan.
Non-subsidy: Household utility subsidies of $750 million, equivalent to 3.5gw: The remaining projects competed nationwide to convert the declared electricity prices into a single national price, which together amounted to $2.25 billion in subsidies. Coal-fired electricity prices in the province were less than 0.3 yuan/kwh
In the province where coal combustion costs are greater than or equal to 0.3/kwh, the declared price of electricity - the price of coal-fired poles + 0.3, we set up a full-investment rate of return model for photovoltaic plants to measure the subsidy strength, assuming that the plant unit invests $4/w, using 1100h hours, no light, no replacement.
(b) The 2019 parity projects are divided into direct declaration parity projects and old project conversions, for which there are now declared parity projects in the industry.
PQs above 7gw are declared; for old projects, the policy makes clear that the grid will be eliminated as a first priority, with some of the construction costs being lower than 5% in the future, and some of the early-connected projects still having some incentive to move to PFP. As mentioned in the 2019 PPV Policy Paper, the size of the financial subsidy has been incorporated and owners identified, central PPV stations that have yet to determine the price of electricity on the Internet have not been established at the end of June 2019
Pre-connection to the Internet will benefit from a policy of PV prices in the second half of 2018, which will add up the needs of technology leaders, and domestic PV machines are expected to start gradually starting in June.3.3 The trend of silicon chain crystallines has established that industry taps continue to reduce efficiency gains, with a clear pattern, according to the Association of Photovoltaic Industries, with 33.5 per cent of the country ' s single crystal perc battery market in 2018, more than 50.6 per cent in 2019 and one in 2021.
We believe that a single crystal trend is being established in the context of the whole industry chain downturning effect. At the same time, given that the single crystal perc route is currently about 22% of the production efficiency, there is still room for improvement from its theoretical efficiency, and that the heterogeneous knots, ibc, etc., currently have bottlenecks such as costs, technology, patents, etc., and do not yet have the capacity to replace the perc route on a large scale, and that the single crystal route has been the dominant route for the industry in recent years.
On this basis, the silicon industry has accelerated the expansion of its productive capacity and consolidated its industrial dominance. By the end of 2018, the company had 28gw capacity, rising to 36gw in 2019 and 65gw in 2021.
At the same time as the expansion of production capacity is accelerating, the company continues to push for the optimization of the non-silicon cost of mitigation efficiency, which has been reduced from 1.7 in 2016 to 1 in 2018 by means of technology such as single crystal rapid growth, multiple crystals and the automation of production lines. Figure 30: Path to the decline in the non-silicon cost of corporate silicon tablets in the past year (mode/s)
3.4 The price of silicon is stable and supports the price of silicon. According to Silicone Branch data, the recent average price of silicon condensed material has been 747,000 yuan per ton, up 0.3 per cent since April, and the price of multi-crystal material has been 631,000 yuan per ton since April. On the other hand, the pressure on silicon supply has been reduced by firms coping with production pressure from falling prices through shutdowns. We believe that with domestic demand in the second half of the year, the pressure on silicon supplies has been reduced.
For start-up and sustained global demand, silicon prices are expected to rebound after adjustment to better support silicon prices. Figure 31: Main price of silicon at the national level (US$/kg, including taxes) Figure 32: Changes in company silicon prices
In the second half of the year, domestic and foreign photo-voltage demand resonanced, adding up to the price parity era, firms were firmly able to build up their own advantages as poles in the photovoltaic industry and maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies. Policy support fell short of expected risks; capacity-building fell short of expected risks; and demand from overseas markets fell short of expected risks.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Science, Jilin University, and, in July 2018, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is currently engaged in research on new energy sources. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.