In 2016, the satellite petrochemicals reported that the company had achieved operating income of $5,355 million in 2016, with operating income of $1,896 million in the same quarter and a net profit of $212 million attributable to the shareholders of the parent company.
Acrylic acid chain rises in profits, company performance gains mainly from higher prices for Acrylic chain products, satellite petropropylene Basic data (as of March 15, 2017)
Acid prices rose from RMB 7,000/tt at the end of the q3 quarter to RMB 11,800/tt at the end of the q4 quarter, up by 68.57 per cent; Acid prices increased from RMB 8100/tt at the end of the q3 quarter to q4 kt/t; and Acid prices fell to RMB 9,700/tt, mainly due to the fall in the price of Acid.
The cost supports are reduced, and the supply and demand relationship of the market for acrylic acid is gradually recovering, and high prices are difficult to sustain are expected. But as the downstream demand for water coatings, saps, glues, etc. gradually opens, we see a steady rise in the price of acrylic acid and esters.
Downstream sap is on track. The main market for the major shareholders (2016 q3) sap products is infant and child products, adult incontinents, etc., subject to the second-child policy, and
The accelerated impact of population ageing has been accompanied by greater growth space. In 2016, the company undertook a sap restructuring, focusing on high-end products, and, following business expansion and certification, has succeeded in becoming a supplier to mainstream domestic clients, such as Chang-Aen, Hunan Condex and others, with a steady increase in market influence.
In the previous period, 30,000 tons of production lines were fully produced, and in the second period, 60,000 tons were in the commissioning phase, expanding the production capacity to full income structure (2016a) The demand of large downstream customers for stable production by suppliers is still in deficit.
At the same time, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Jia-Hing, invested in an agreement signed on 9 September 2016 with Hunan Quanteng Care Supplies Ltd. and all of its shareholders to buy a total of $100 million.
In the last 12 months, equities have been compared to 300 at depth 23.56 per cent of the stock in RI, entering the sub-sap industry and creating synergies. Polypropylene investment projects have been completed and are expected to become a profit growth point.
The company ' s project for the annual production of 450,000 tonnes of Apropylene and 300,000 tonnes of Polypropylene has been completed with the completion and production of the product in October 2016, and the polypropylene project will become a new profit growth point for the company in 2017.
The company ' s original acrylic production capacity of 450,000 tonnes, mostly for acrylic acid production, with the remaining 90,000 tonnes for external sale, and the introduction of polypropene production will maximize the use of acrylic production, while phase two pdh has been officially built and will be able to meet the company ' s consumption of acrylic acid and polypropene production in the future.
Three-quarter surge in performance, high expectations for construction projects Large fluctuations in oil prices and raw materials prices: major safety incidents in production plants: accelerated expansion of capacity in the acrylic acid and acrylate industries
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.