Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average: 4-quarter acrylic acid and increased ester climate were the main reasons for the upturn in performance: Basv Road Port, April 2016
In October last year, the price of acrylic acid increased from $8100 per ton to $13250 per ton and the price of acrylic acid increased from $7,000 per ton to $11,800 per ton, an increase of 64 per cent and 69 per cent, respectively, and the price difference of acrylic acid-propylene increased from 1960 to tons over the same period.
In November of last year, when 160,000 tons of acrylic devices were parked for half a month, there was still a significant increase in performance, indicating that companies were operating steadily and benefiting fully from higher prices and sales of various products. We judged that acrylic acid entered the low demand season before and after spring, with a difference or a slight reversal.
1. Satellite petrochemicals: Acquisition of downstream paper diapers, sap, but the industry has emerged from its worst period after a long period of loss. Macroeconomics are well established and downstream demand is expected to move upwards in 2017 against the backdrop of improved supply and demand patterns.
2. " Satellite petrochemicals: pdh is in a high weather cycle, 450,000 tons of equity continues the high climate cycle, and 300,000 tons of pp are performing well. " The hydrocane dehydration industry gradually increased and maintained its high climate in 2016, with average price differences of 1-4 quarters of propane-propene, respectively.
The company prepared a pdh phase II project, reaching 900,000 tons of total postnatal capacity, which greatly enhanced its performance. At the same time, the company’s 300,000 tons of app production became operational in September last year, helping to improve the company’s acrylic mix.
The sap is the company’s key future growth pole: the company’s leader in technology, which last year was expanded to 90,000 tons of productive capacity to run the country. The sap has a high growth rate in the paper diaper industry, with 3 to 5 times the demand in 2020 or the demand for it now. The company’s downstream M&As have laid the foundation for high growth in the future.
Guo Yifan c3 all-industry chain carrier model, benefiting from high-sintitude acrylic acids and esters and propane dehydrogens industry; pp Production uplifting performance: Sap has a huge potential to lay the basis for growth: the growth strategy continues to grow, stock prices are high
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.