Performance exceeded expectations slightly, with a robust growth in revenue and a significant increase in profitability Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) companies achieved business income of $3.316 billion in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 21.68 per cent over the same period;
q1’s performance in 2022 showed a steady increase in revenue, with net profit at the end of the net profit, especially the deduction of non-repatriated mothers, growing faster than in the same year, with a significant return to the Māori rate of 26.79% and a 4.26 pcts increase in the ring.
We believe that the main reason for the high level of profitability, which has reached its highest level in the last two years, is:1 based on our model, the high rate of growth in the ic-board business is higher than the average water level of the company, with a single-season revenue, q1, which is expected to reach its highest level in history; at the same time, it is less profitable.
The share of the pcba business is gradually decreasing. 2 or 3 blocks have improved their own profitability or synchronisation: ic-boarding capacity climbs up the slopes, and production stability has led to an improvement in productivity: company pcba operations have contracted forward purchasing coupons
Together with measures such as strengthening off-the-shelf procurement to upgrade supply chain management capacity and stabilize market supply, the production of the Triple South China Motors plant, which is produced on the 21q4 line, is gradually climbing up the slopes and with a narrow downscaling of the downside.3 The impact of the epidemic on companies can be controlled: South China and tin-free plants are in the logistics of raw materials and deliveries.
The impact is modest, but the plant has not stopped working, and the impact is currently manageable; it has been affected by the epidemic, and the plant in Shenzhen has limited impact due to the small contribution of the overall harvest.
We believe that the company, as a pcb company that is also plowing the ic board, the data centre, and the car pcb gold track, has also shown good profitability and scarcity. The company has basically fully produced the tin-free wb board, while investing 2 billion dollars to start the construction of fc-csp.
There is much room to grow, and plans to invest 6 billion dollars in the construction of fc-bga board plants in Guangzhou, where the technology is more difficult and the market space is larger. The company’s research and development staff grew by 21% in 2021, and it is expected that the technological edge of these races will expand further in the future.
Investors are advised to pay attention to the impact of the epidemic as a result of the expansion of the car, server pcb operations as a result of the increase in the ratio.
2. The gold track has been growing, the sealing of the base sheet has been built, the annual report has met expectations, the car server sealing laws have been strengthened, information on legal compliance has been used, the report has been produced independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report have come from open information in the market, and I am against it.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.