The profits improved significantly during the quarter, and the Māori rate increased significantly.
According to the q1 company performance report for 2022, the company ' s operating income was 3,316 million yuan, an increase of 3.35 percentage points over the same period. Profitability improved significantly compared to the same period last year.
The market value of the liquiditya shares (millions of dollars) has increased, mainly as a result of two factors. First, the cost end, pcb, the enveloped base products, and the relative depth of the shares, 300 indexes.
Increased utilization is currently in a state of full production, leading to lower unit fixed costs. Then, in terms of products, the company’s gross interest rate and the optimal product structure were raised as a result of higher Maori envelope boards and faster growth in automobile electronics. q1’s net profit was higher in 2022.
Corporate production of circuit boards has grown steadily: companies have a relatively high share of printing boards, accounting for 62.66 per cent of the year 21. Companies ' pcb operations are downstream, mainly in the area of communications, and are currently in the country.
Market demand slowed, but exports of communications products increased, while the data centre and the automotive electronics industry successfully advanced their 22-year capacity-building plan, with automobile electronics and enveloped base plate operations contributing mainly.
Phase II of the base plate. The three-phased project was launched in 2021 q4 and is currently on the slope _aaa_Deep South Circuit (002916), with a quarterly evaluation report, mainly dealing with motor electronics, including high-frequency microwaves, scratching plates, thick copper plates, etc.
The company’s 22-year business is expected to increase further _aaa_the semi-annual report of the semi-annual evaluation of the Deep South Circuit (002916), benefiting from a sustained increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles.
The company ' s enveloped base plate business grew at a high rate of 56.35 per cent in 21 years on year-on-year basis; the need for chip encapsulation is expected to remain strong in 22 years, driven by the high performance expectations of e-products _aaa_ and the continued benefit of 5g construction products, new energy vehicles, etc.
Field competition risks; untimely risks in the development of new products; risk of price fluctuations in the supply of raw materials.