• Investment rating: buying (maintaining) the company pcb downstream is dominated by communications, other areas include data centres, engineering and medical care, etc.
The area of automobile electronics is relatively small. According to our calculations, corporate communications captures are lower than the peak period of construction of the base station, with a relatively balanced share of the wire and wireless side. The country’s “large capital” is expected to release and promote the base station in the course of the year; at the same time, the company’s offshore base industry is operating in a relatively small number of countries.
It's a small run, and it's going to grow at a steady rate. The board, the car, and the server are on a very high order. The firm's prices are compared to 300 deep.
1ic board: The company has virtually full production of the tin-free wb board, while investing 2 billion in the construction of the tin-free factory fc-csp, and plans to invest 6 billion in the construction of the fc-bga plant in Guangzhou with greater technological difficulties and market space. The company increased its research and development staff in 2021.
Twenty-one per cent long, and the more advanced track technology ahead is expected to expand further in the future. 2 cars pcb: company car lines are being built late, as intelligent drivers test 1 customers pass through, and as the three-stage motorcade capacity continues to climb, according to our calculations, on a fair basis.
Three servers: with the next generation of cpu, which supports pcie 5.0, or will be released by the end of the year, new materials and processes introduced by the next generation of circuit boards will add value to pcb.
The server industry maintained a high profile, with an increase of 22 per cent in the same year in Intel Data Centre Division, Camp 22q1. The increase was 53 per cent in the same year and 60 per cent in April, and 22 per cent in the same year in Intel data for the Heart Sector 22q1.
In our view, the pcb company, which is also a deep-farming car, server gold track, also shows good profitability and obvious scarcity. Investors are advised to focus on the investment opportunities offered by the expansion of the car, server pcb, as compared to the upgrade.
1. Performance is slightly higher than expected, with robust growth in revenue and surplus 2. Performance is consistent with expectations, as is the case with Director of the Plankboard Operations.
The gold track has been growing, the sealing of the base plate has been used, the information has been presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report have come from open information in the market, and I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor about any change in the information and advice contained in the report.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.