The growth dynamic continues to be strong, with performance close to the forecast ceiling, Treasure News software (600845), tri-quarterly in 2018, showing an increase of 20.27 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $518 million, an increase of 60.18 per cent in the same year; and net loss of $476 million.
The growth rate of 57.36% in the same year, the growth rate of both net and net lost profits is close to the ceiling of the performance forecast. Quality of operations continues to optimize, with net interest rates and net lost profits rising at a rate of 20.27% in the third quarter of the year, continuing the positive growth momentum since the second quarter, the same as last year.
At the same time, the company continues to improve the quality of its operations, with a Māori rate of 28.91%, which is higher than in the same period last year, the steel industry has improved its climate to provide a revenue base, the “bold war” has led to a long-term increase, the steel industry as a whole continues to warm, and the information needs of the company's major clients are constantly released to increase the company's income.
In the short term, 2018 will be a crucial year for deep integration, with two major steel companies planning to complete seven information systems in 2018.
The system’s demand for interlocking is expected to be released centrally; in the long run, the long-term gains from steel are more than 15 billion dollars in revenue to the public sector over four years. At the same time, companies have successively obtained external orders, such as first steel, steel, etc., that support performance growth.
\triangleright's \triangleright project has the advantage of location, resources, etc., with a higher contracting rate and a higher space, no
Revenue is expected to increase at a higher rate in the next two to three years. According to company announcements, the number of contracts for the company’s idc cabinets is more than 20,000, and in fact the number is around 10,000; the “Bon Treasure Clouds” has a 100% signing rate in two or three phases, the four-stage signing rate is about 33% and is expected to increase further in the future, and will be concentrated in the next two to three years.
Additional investments are expected to increase the profitability of the idc operation. In August 2018, the company raised $640.8 million in investment for four phases of the Treasure Cloud project, including construction costs for civil improvements, equipment acquisition and installation. According to company estimates, the internal rate of return on investment after changes in total project collections will increase by 5 per cent, to the annual income from production and post-tax profits.
The company is a leading company in the field of iron and steel informatization, and the "Bold War Merger" has led to a sustained increase in the company, with the idc Industry 1. Treasure Software (600845), the semi-annual reporting point in 2018, fast and long. Considering the growth in performance brought about by the "Bold War" and the "Bold Cloud" project,
Assessment: Industrial Internet and cloud computing are two-wheel-drives with an average of 43 x, and companies have a certain valuation advantage. Maintenance of the “recommended” rating. Iron and steel information business is not progressing as expected; cloud computing industry competition patterns are deteriorating.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized. Hu Sam, Master of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economy and Trade, joined the civil security system in July 2011 and has many years of experience in the media Internet industry. Guo Xinyu, Research Assistant in the civil security computer industry, Master of Financial Sciences, Clark University, joined the Institute of Civil Security in 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.