Performance was as expected, with high demand for iron and steel information, which increased by 20.27 per cent in the same year; net profit return of 518 million yuan, which increased by 60.18 per cent in the same year; deduction of 1,423 million yuan in corporate revenues in the third quarter of 2018, which increased by 24.32 per cent in the same year; and return
The net profit of the mother was 223 million yuan, an increase of 87.09 per cent over the same period. Performance growth was in line with and expected, steel information was high, and companies realized the Pyramid Steel Co. Ltd. in the first three quarters of 2018.
Mother-to-child net profits of $518 million are in the middle of a performance forecast, meeting expectations, and high performance increases are due mainly to the high demand for a profit-effective market for improved downstream iron and steel information; and the sustained increase in the idc upswing rate and the income and profit ratio.
The Māori rate increased slightly and the quality of the business continued to improve, with 29.38 per cent overall Māori in the first three quarters of 2018 increasing by 1.08 pt compared to the same period last year.
Increases; sales cost falls from 0.04 pct to 2.87 per cent; management cost falls from 0.18 pc idc, which has a significant advantage and is expected to become a second-line leader in the future.
"The Treasure Software (600845) has grown rapidly, and it's more intelligent, usually for more than 10 years, and the business model of the head customer plus the long-term contract is effective to secure the Treasure."
Stability of operations, first-line city network and client advantage, idc Treasure software (600845) in the future first-line city is up to expectations in a quarter, new supply will be reduced, and companies are expected to move in the future, depending on the resource advantages of the steel system.
Quarterly performance on Treasure News (600845) is expected to rise faster than expected, profit forecasting and valuation analysis:
The company’s position in the Idc sector is significant, and it is expected to grow into a second-line leader in the domestic third-party Idc industry, and the constant demand for information in the steel industry is not as high as expected, and cloud computing firms’ reduced capital spending affects the Idc demand.
The construction plan for the new idc fell short of expectations. 18 Maysan Road, Hefu City, Anhui Province, China.