High growth in corporate performance, iron and steel information maintenance - 3-quarter review of 2018 Treasure News software (600845) 3-quarter performance announcement for 2018 issued on the night of October 26, with revenue realized in the first 3 quarters
Prior to the first three quarters of the company being owned by its parent, net profits increased at the same rate as the forecasted ceiling, the company predicted that the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies would have increased by 62.78 per cent in the first three quarters of 2018. The three-quarters report showed that the company ' s performance increased at the same rate as the forecasted ceiling.
Informationalization and automation operations benefit from the integration of the steel industry and the high morale of the entire steel industry. As an important information technology service block of the BMW Group, the Department is positioned to enhance corporate competitiveness through smart manufacturing, and is committed to becoming China’s leading smart manufacturing and smart city solutions and service providers.
As the BMW merges deeper, automation and information software can be replicated or accelerated from the BMW to the original steel production line. Moreover, the BMW, as a steel company, benefits from the merger restructuring of the domestic steel industry, which will bring about a strong automation and information integration demand for the BMW.
The advantages of the company's idc business are clear, and now the company's idc business is concentrated in Shanghai, close to the user's demand centre. The company's four-phase investment in Treasure Clouds is between 600 and 2.5 billion, mainly due to increased demand, including tether and taser.
In addition, the Department’s main clients are state companies and Internet companies, most of which are 5-10 years’ agreements, which guarantee the stability of corporate business income. In the face of uncertainties in the peripheral markets, the company’s idc industry is able to reduce the impact of fluctuations.
The high growth in business is evidence of the company’s apparent presence in idc’s operations.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.