Propaganda software (600845) Computers maintain high performance and increase profitability on a continuous basis, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: corporate operating income of 3.84 billion in the first three quarters of 2018 increased by 20.3 per cent in the same year, net profit of 520 million in the same year, increase by 60.2 per cent in the same year, increase by 29.4 per cent in the overall Maori rate, increase by 1.1 percentage points in the same year, decrease by 1.6 percentage points in the same year; income of 1.42 billion in the q3 quarter, increase by 24.3 per cent in the same year and net profit of 220 million in the same period.
• Business structures are constantly improving and profitability is improving. There are plenty of corporate iron and steel information orders, high levels of informationization and automation in the company's traditional business, a declining proportion of smart city-type business, and companies are taking the initiative to control the scale of systems integration: corporate idc continues to grow in size, and the first half of the year's “Bonky Clouds”
The net interest rate for the idc business is higher than for the traditional business, and the idc profit scale has expanded, with a direct increase in the share leading to higher corporate profitability. The company benefits from the impact of such factors as the recovery of iron and steel information demand, the expansion and upgrading of information consumption, and the catalytic effect of new policies, as the leader of the steel information integration industry, and the Matthew effect.
Iron and steel information operations are expected to continue at a faster rate, and the company, as an industrial exchange platform for the steel industry, has developed and competed for hundreds of millions of dollars, upgraded engineering and equipment, upgraded the original 6,400 20a cabinets to 28a, and is expected to deliver a cumulative number of 27100 cabinets by the end of the year.
At the same time, companies are working together to expand their idc operations, develop new projects, and the company’s idc performance is expected to be released on a continuous basis.
The company reports three quarters higher than expected, and the overall profitability is higher than expected, increasing the company's value of the Treasure 2 software (600845): the volume of the idc business, the public.
Treasure letter software (600845): Equity Incentives has been sustained by the National Division's Smart Manufacturing Order, and idc operations have been active to boost performance and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
(2018-01-08) Assumption 1: In view of the explosion of steel information orders and the gradual upswing of steel information operations in software development, it is assumed that corporate software development and engineering services orders will increase by 21 per cent, 23 per cent and 25 per cent between 2018 and 2020, and steel iron and steel letters
The Māori rate of interest-bearing business is much higher than that of smart city-type business, assuming that the overall Māori rate of software development will gradually increase, from 23 per cent to 24 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively, over the next three years.
The number of containers stood at 25,500, the number of containers on board was approximately 23,900, the cumulative number of containers delivered by the company was 27,100 by the end of 2020, and the rate of Māori was maintained at 44 per cent (the scheduled delivery of the project).
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.