The Center for Consumer Upgrading and Recreational Studies, a high-quality video platform with a different path, is a high-quality video platform with less efficiency. The video industry takes the lead.
To make a profit, income profits are fast and long. We have done a full analysis of the financial data on Aichi and Mangotv. The differences in profitability are mainly due to differences in the Māori rate, due to the larger differences in business patterns, the higher Achit 20 business, and the higher Māori contribution of Mango tv2b business.
Mangotv's business model is fundamentally different from that of competitors, and the Multicultural track enjoys the status of king. Large and full video sites rely heavily on external procurement, and are prone to large-scale burning of money, while positioning the market for a segment.
Mangotv sets up a small group of young women on the first line.
We've analysed the offshore naif and hbo, and we've found similar conclusions. The video shows do not burn money but work well. The combination of homemade and extravagant is dominated by small- and medium-cost youth idols.
The Gardens play more than 5.5 billion times in Mangotv, making it one of the summer slots. Video sites have content properties, leading companies cannot really monopolize, and watch Mangotv's long space.
Hbo’s focus on fluid media operations has sustained a steady increase in total subscriptions, and has sustained $6 billion in income. The online idols, called "The Voice" , could be a potential source of money.
Gotv's original ability to do so on a variety of art shows, and it's been a great success since the launch of original programmes like Voice on the Ground, City of Fantasia. The original show, Voice on the Heart, has a strong audience, possibly a companion, City of Fantasia.
Using ps valuations (for the United States dollar) and pe valuations, respectively, they were valued at 330 billion and 36 billion Peipei@qjzq.com.cn, which may result in a share spread; related sales as revenue from company-related transactions of 2018h1
24.7%; Hunan Watch’s support for the company will affect profitability if not expected. First, Mangotv is a high-quality video platform with a different path.
The purpose of this paper is to explore why Mangotv can do this at the same time. The video industry, in its fourth place, is the first to make a profit. Mangotv is the only new media video under the flag of Hunan Taiwan.
The platform, which has been in operation since 2014, is called Happy Sunshine (valued at $9.53 billion and acquired this year by Mango SuperMechanism). Mangotv is the only current mainstream video site that has made a profit (421 million dollars net profit in the first half of the 18th year, and about 2.5 billion dollars in Aichi.
Most video sites have a bad cash flow, even a global video of billions of dollars. Figure 4 shows that Aichi's cash flow gap in 2017 was as high as $6.6 billion, compared to the $1.6 billion gap.
Mangotv obtained more efficient output with less money. Mangotv started later than Ae-Yo, and the size of the investment was dwarfed. In 2017, the cost of Aichi content amounted to $12.6 billion.
In the same period, the cost of content for happy sunshine was 1.3 billion yuan, or nearly 10 times the difference; the cash flow gap was 10.6 times the difference, but the difference between the two was 5.16 times in 17 years, and the first half of 2018, when income profits were fast and long. Happy Sun business income grew by more than 80% in the last two years, and
The income of 2017 and 2018h1 grew at a much higher rate than that of Aichi culture. Happy Sunshine gained its first profit in 2017, bringing net profit of 2018h1 to $421 million, an increase of 166.17 per cent over the same period.
1.1 Mangotv's business model is fundamentally different from that of competitors, and what is behind it? We believe that different positioning, different business models are different in nature, resulting in large and full video sites relying on external procurement, which can be done by locating a market segmented video site.
Focus on self-control. For a comprehensive video site like Akichi and Naifai, there is a need to provide users with a wealth of content, relying heavily on external teams because it is not content-producing origin. In 2017, third-party copyright purchases were up to 76.6% of Aki and Naifi's content assets.
The share of content authorized by the Chinese third party is as high as 80.3%, and even the well-known Naifi original is produced through a third-party company, mrc. Although both Aki and Naifi are emphasizing that the share of home-grown production will continue to rise in the future, with low productivity, reducing dependence on external extraction is one.
It's a slow process. The intense competition on the video website and the extreme desire for head content have led to a significant increase in the procurement costs of many episodes, and our previous reports have mentioned that part of the head single price doubled each year in 2016 and 2017.
Unlike other mainstream video sites, the ability to make happy glimmers of light comes from Hunan Watch.
With a strong self-control capacity, there is no need to rely too much on external procurement. Of course, Hunan's vision is based on shareholders.
The background also saves a lot of money at the cost of mangotv. Mangotv uses a combination of home-made and extrapolated approaches to youth idols, focusing on small- and medium-cost dramas, and can also make frequent payments because of its precision of content (a detailed analysis will follow).
Uniquely, Hbo, the most famous pay-as-you-go channel in the United States, has a similar situation, mainly targeted at high-end users of top-level headline services. The average annual cost of Hbo content has increased by about 5% over the past three years, with its 42 years of operation and experience (similar to Hobo).
The production of the episode was not pursued, it was only for the best, and the single collection cost more than tens of millions of dollars. It was because of its insistence on middle-end positioning and excellent quality that it acquired 54 million annual data in the United States mainland, including paid television channels and members of the stream media, and Naife ' s global subscriptions in 2017.
There are 117 million people. Because of the different business models, there is also a difference in profitability, with Hbo operating wells at more than 31%, Naifi operating profit rates at less than 10% a year, rising from H1 to 12% in 2018, with a large gap.
1.2 A full comparison of the Aichi financial data shows that some of our comparisons below are with mangos using mangotv, and others using mango supermixing, mainly because of the happy sun, which is combined in detail.
The breakdown is based on the head office data. The share of happy sunshine in the income of 2018h1 mango supermedia is 52.2 per cent, which is compared below in the order of aggregate indicators, profitability, growth capacity, cash flow, and asset accountability.
▪ In comparison with the composite indicators, the gap between the two was gradually narrowing in the first half of 2018 - income, publicity, fee-paying members, and arpu. The income gap between the two fell from 5.16 times in 2017 to 4.24 times in the first half of 2018, indicating that mangotv was very high.
Revenue, based on the company's income and the share of previous advertising, the profitability of Achicchio and Mango super-magos is mainly a difference in Māori rates. We can see that Māori rates for Mango super-mācs have risen faster in recent years, reaching 32.7% in the first half of 2018, compared to the same period in Aichi.
The Māori rate is only 0.84 per cent (the previous Māori rate was negative). The Aichi rate is about 3 per cent higher than that of Mango, where the sales rate is about 1.5 per cent lower than that of Mango, but the R&D rate (2018h1 is 7.5 per cent) is much higher than that of Mango (2018h1 is 0.17 per cent).
There are 2608 R & D personnel, 286 technicians under the Mango super-media flag at the end of January 2018, and some 200 other company technicians, with a total of about 486 people. The R & D costs of Achilles include, among other things, salaries and benefits of R & D staff, while a share of R & D investment is scarce.
It's usually a combination of management costs, and the statistical calculus is different. But the number of researchers and development workers shows that Aichi is very interested in technology, which is also related to its 100-degree shareholder background.
Differences create differences in profitability, and cost-side recognition and the policy of amortization of copyright content are at stake.a The copyright content of shares is recognized as an intangible asset and, under the United States gaap guidelines, separate subjects are usually set up and amortized on an annual basis.
The amortization policy netflix is the most liberal, the Achilles is the most cautious, and Mangotv is between the two, closer to Achilles. Mangotv mainly uses accelerated depreciation for copyrights (532 amortizations) and the longest amortization of copyrights.
For a period of five years, we measure that most of the copyrights are amortized over a period of two to three years. The Aichi amortization method is divided into home-made and out-purchase copyrights, and home-made plays are based on the United States gaap individual-film-forecast-computationmethod (single project prediction method), which is the one-way project projection method.
The law requires a total revenue projection for the project income recognized in the year, a more flexible distribution of the cost as a percentage of the income, and space for profit reconciliation. Outsourcing copyrights are divided into exclusive and non-exclusive, mostly accelerated depreciation. According to our calculations, Akichi purchased copyrights in 2016 and 2017.
The average amortization ratio for the year was about 66%, the average amortization for home-made content was about 85%, and the total amortization ratio was about 67%. The company also projected future amortization costs for the net amount of out-purchase copyrights at the end of 2017 in its book collection, at about 59% in the first year and about 23% in the second year.
The ratio is about 622, which is more prudent than the 532 amortization method in Mangotv. The weighted average number of years of copyright amortization at the same time is 2.2, 3.5, 2.5 years in 2015-2017, meaning that most of the copyrights are amortized over a period of 2-3 years.
Naifi's amortization policy is also divided into home-made and out-purchase copyrights, with home-made designs using individual-film-forecast-computationmethod (single project prediction method), and out-of-office shows using accelerated depreciation, but Naifi's copyright has a maximum amortization of 10 years. On average, over 90% of video content is available.
On balance, Naifi’s amortization policy is the most liberal, with smaller amortizations per period and a higher Māori rate. The amortization period of Aichi and Mangotv is not very different, and the amortization rate of Aichi is based on current data.
Look, it's more cautious than mangotv, but it's more elastic in its own play amortization methods, and the difference in the Maori rate is mainly in the business model. In terms of cost composition, Aichi's content costs more than 70% over recent years, and it still keeps up at over 50%.
The cost ratio is no more than 60%, and the cost increase in 2016 is due to the adjustment of amortization policy, which reduced the cost of doing business in 2016 by about $500 million. Mangotv and Achichitian's content cost in 2017 is the gross profit of Mangotv, mainly from 2b operations, with the cost advantage gained from the Mango South Tower.
tv has a large portion of its head copyright resources from Hunan Tower. Also, copyright contracts between Happy Sunshine and Hunan Watch have been awarded for the distribution of domestic interest networks for the period 2018-2020 for the purchase of HUNDAY television programmes at a cost of $451, 496 million, or 546 million in 2017.
The share of income from business services (mainly copyright distribution) is only 29%, but the Māori rate is 74% and the gross profit contribution is 67%. In addition, the gross profit contribution from the operator's business is 34%.
It saves a lot of money. Compared to the important copyright value and distribution of Happy Sunshine in 2017, a single Singer 2017 distributed $189 million to Aichi.
In addition to the distribution of copyrights, sales of the top 10 dramas are close to half as much as they are purchased by the Hunan Viagra, and gross profits are expected to be higher. With the strong polymagnetism capacity and low copyright prices in the south of the lake, mangotv will continue to reap deep returns in the future.
A comparison of income growth. As we mentioned earlier, Mangotv received a higher rate of increase in both 2017 and the first half of 2018 than Aichi culture, and the differences in business patterns, in addition to the lower base of Mangotv, are also important reasons for the difference in income growth rates.
Happy sunshine, because of the country’s corporate background, has 2b operations and more diversified incomes. In 2017, the income structure was about 40% of happy sunshine advertising, 30% of content operations, nearly 20% of operators, about 10% of members, about 40% of Aichi advertising and none of the others.
We have found that the business of happy sunshine operators (iptv and ott) has been growing by more than 85% in recent years, mainly as a result of its successful operation in Hunan province, which has gradually expanded to cover more than 30 provinces and cities. Aichi culture has a relatively 20-percent income structure, which is less than mango-based.
In the first half of 2018, the Aki culture payers reached 66.2 million and Mangotv 6.01 million, a difference of 11 times. Because of the higher Aichi culture base, it is difficult to maintain a doubling of the annual rate, while Mangotv has a low base and a rich content base.
The number of members has increased by more than 130%. In terms of the monthly fees paid by users, the rate of growth has not changed much, and in recent years the rate of revenue from the happy sun has begun to outpace the Aichi culture, mainly the business model.
It's a natural conflict (pay-you-go-you-go-op ad), so when the pay-you-you-go is growing rapidly, the rate of income growth in advertising will slow down. While there are some new forms of advertising (e.g., information flow, advertising and soft advertising from ecstasy), it's difficult to change the overall trend, and there's also a positive monthly increase.
Slowing is also the reason. And Mangotv, whose content is dominated by home-made art, has a softer share of advertising (name ads and implants, etc.), which are combined with content, and whose payers are equally required to watch, so that the growth of paying members does not cause much to happen to Mangotv's advertising income.
Mango tv's single-user ads contribute even more than Aichi culture. In the table below, the difference between Mango tv's advertising income (happy sunshine) and Aichi's advertising income is gradually narrowing, from seven times in 2016 to around 4.4 times the 2018h.
Advertisement contributions show that mangotv is rising faster and for the first time exceeds Aichi culture in 2018h (11.13 vs. 8.97). The main reason is that mangoes are more soft than Aki culture, more soft advertising, and their quality of content is favoured by advertisers.
The cash flow is much better than the Achicracy. Aichi puts home-made expenses in the cash flow, and an out-of-licensed expenditure in the cash flow, although Achicto 2015-2017.
The net operating cash flow is positive, but because copyrights are mostly outsourced, there is a large gap in the investment cash flow, which, taken together, amounted to $6.7 billion in 2017, and there is still no trend towards improvement. As we mentioned in our previous report, Aichi has been financing cumulatively for the last three and a half years.
All of Mangotv's copyright spending is in cash, with investment cash flows in projects such as film-based art, which can be seen in 2017, with an average annual financing of about $600 million, taking into account the $2.1 billion in cash reported in mid-2018 by Mango excess agents.
It can be more supportive of mangotv's business development. It's a comparison of operations. As can be seen from the table below, the increase in Aki culture's accounts receivable is less of a contribution to cash flow than the Mango super-mix, which is mainly due to different business models, the Aki culture.
2c has more business, more mango super-media 2b, and advertising and copyright sales will generate more receivables. Aichi culture’s accounts payable (which have increased by more than $2 billion in the last two years) are much higher than Mango super-manufacturing, suggesting that Aichi culture is more powerful because of its position in the industrial chain.
Downstream video companies have a larger share of money, and mango supermedias do not need to ease the pressure on cash flow through downstream possession. Overall, there are differences in operating data, but both are analysed with their business models, balance sheet items. The content assets of both companies are more important assets, mango super.
At the end of the liability, accounts payable and advance receipts were higher, with Mango excess accounts payable & instruments accounting for 52.7%, mainly for procurement.
Of this amount, approximately $330 million, or 11.6 per cent, is related to related parties; Aichiri accounts payable amounted to 57.5 per cent, which indicates a relatively high share of downstream funds. Mango excess accounts received a 26 per cent share, mainly for video projects involving joint investors, and when the investors received pre-paid productions,
Accounted for advance receipts; Aichi's clients received 20 per cent of the deferred income, mainly on account of the purchase of half-yearly and annual membership first value by households and the non-consumption of the virtual gift sold on the live platform 1.3. Why is mangotv a good track for mangotv?
More than films, and growing for almost five years. According to the procurement budget for the three main video sites, the recent increase in investment in the arts is a sign of the important commercial value of the festival, its softness (name ads and placements) and its hardness.
At the same time, it is possible to draw up a fee-paying member (the program's real or derivatives can be seen) and, at the same time, it is possible to generate revenue through the sales of artist brokers and electric power providers, and it is full of imagination in the mode of realization. It is also a result of 18 years of strict enforcement of the ancient order, which has led to the production of a number of television dramas.
According to the National Directorate of Wide Electricity, 113 institutions were licensed to produce television dramas in 2018.
As can be seen from the table below, the producers of the content of the head show are relatively dispersed. In 2018, in the top ten cases of the television network, the leading company, Hua Xi, was able to take two seats, and in the best years, three seats: the net was even more dispersed, with the top ten major producers being different.
In contrast, the main players in TV-mixing are mainly self-serving (Hunan, Zhejiang, Orient San David) and the main players in Internet-based blending are mainly video platforms (Eyoten + Mangotv).
Six seats, three seats on the Internet, "The King's Way" no doubt, in the background of Mangotv owns the copyright project, in the background of Mangotv owns the copyright project.
• The difference in the pattern of competition between the arts and the theatre is that the platform of the art is very strong. The commercial model of the show is very different from the commercial model of the art, which allows for the sale of copyrights after the production of the product. The art of the art is dominated by advertising (mainly the name ad, the placement of the ad), since most of the advertisements must be included in the production chain.
The traditional view is that the Hunan Watch, the Orient Watch, the Zhejiang Watch, and Jiang Sowe see David as the best advertiser and the best self-manufacturing player, so he's the main competitor.
Many of them mean that the more the advertiser is capable of advertising, coupled with the ability to produce the art, the main platform is Ai-Teng + Mangotv. Other ecclesiastical content producers must rely on the platform to do their business and have a platform to buy the bill before they can start production (to join the ad).
Once it succeeds, the rest of the seasons begin to pay off. For content-producing companies, this model says that it is difficult to survive without a long-term platform, which leads to a relative collection of their supply side.
According to data from questmobile, in January 2018, the proportion of women and men was about 4:6, while the proportion of women and men in online video users was about half the proportion. Mangotv accounted for nearly 90% of users under the age of 10 (less than 80% of all three), especially 24 years of age.
The following users account for the highest number of users. The user structure of the two programmes, combined with the graphic structure of the art, is also strong in the variety. Tootherpropertyandthepartyandpartyandpartyyandpartyyandpartyyandpartyyandpartyyandpartyandpartyyandpartyyandpartyyandthepartyyyandpartyyyandthepartyyandandthepartyyyandthepartyyyandthepartyyandthepartyyand.
. . . . . . . . . . partly for Mangotv, partly for Mangotv, partly for Mangotv, partly for Mangotv.
• From the television mix, Mangotv held four seats out of ten by 2017, and six out of ten by 2018, and its advantage was further strengthened. It is worth mentioning that "Star Detective" was a self-made Mangottv pluriculture, and later co-operated with the Hunan Guardian in her sister's "I'm the Big Detective."
It was broadcast on television, and it was also a great success in the top ten of the single series. In addition to the previous series, the first edition of this year's original polygenesis, the City of Fantasia, had an average of 130 million broadcasts in the first 12 seasons (ranked 12 in the television series) and had a unique name, which was also shared by strangers.
In terms of online entertainment, Mangotv held five seats out of ten by 2017 and four out of ten by 2018, with a slight decline in position.
In a multi-platform mango mixer, Mangotv's share of the market is half as high as the river.
More than the mountains. It shows that Mango fans prefer to watch on Mango platforms even if they're not alone. The influence on them can be seen.
The Eastern Guard’s main headlines in recent years have been “Emphasic Challenge,” which has been produced by his own self, and “Eirical Comedians,” which has been produced jointly with the Happy Media, and the first quarter of which was broadcast in 2015 and in recent years, which is the first season of the two programmes.
And there's a lack of creative work. We think that because of the limited impact of these watchbacks due to their own or related video platforms, which limit the space for long-term development, some of these market shares will be eroded by mangotv, and Aio has gained prominence in idols, talk shows, and rap street dances in recent years.
The future ability to innovate at the amphibious ends is a concern, not excluding competition patterns. The “pay for the amphibious arts” was successfully achieved in Mangotv. For most of the video platforms, the amphibious shows are available.
But for a platform like Mangotv, which is based on the arts. From the chart below, Mangotv’s members are growing in volatility, from June 2016.
There are 590,000 people, up to 6.01 million in the first half of 2018.
This year's fee-paying members, which we monitored through the National Gold Securities Research and Innovation Center (the Photo Processing to Pay Member Index), have seen a relatively large increase in February, May, July-September this year, and are also connected to the fact that there was an important philanthropy programme online in the previous month or the same month.
Mangotv-multicultural programmes are of high quality: in addition to the regular Happy Camp, Sky Up, the number of other amphibious programmes is very high. In January-September of this year, Mangotv went on to at least 17 amphibious programmes (without extras), an average of about two per month.
There are 11 programmes with more than 1 billion hits on the net, showing a strong capacity to absorb. Each season has a heavy weight on the line, which ensures the abundance and stability of content, and makes the payment for the variety a very good creation of the mango. Unlike other competitors who depend on overseas ip authorization, mangos are more dependent on the power of the overseas ip.
Many of the programmes are original and innovative. In addition to Xiao Xing Xing Xing, Super Girls and Happy Boys, this year's Sound at Work is an original voice contest, and it's new, with a cumulative amount of more than $1.57 billion and a short-hand video title.
The City of Fantasia is the country's premier musical creation, giving full play to the "Sing Plus" idea, which, after the 12th edition, has accumulated more than 1.6 billion people who are known as strangers. These original entertainments are popular with young people, and have been crowned with ads from mobile Internet head companies, proving their excellence.
HUNAN TV is about to launch an Illustrated Voice Festival, which will develop a Quartet of male voices. It will invite guests such as Hug, Jindong, Sun Hong Lei, Chen Xueyu, Wang Liang, and possibly the City of Fantasia.
Given the high probability of success of the original program, we believe that the program has a greater potential to be a bomb, and may lead to a new trend in idolic programming. Why is there a high probability of success of the Hunan Guardian's comprehensive art program?
We believe that there is a great deal to do with a mature talent development and promotion system. From the history of Hunan Wai, there are different groups in programming, there is a strong internal competition, there is a good choice for programmes that can be broadcast, and there are detailed kpi indicators and corresponding incentives linked to people.
In June 2013, with the success of the first season of I'm a singer, Hunan Hirotao, director-in-chief of the Hunan Vigilance Production Centre, became the deputy director. In May of this year, Hu Nanbei was awarded a medal in seven studios. Piloting the team studio system. A series of incentives were introduced.
This includes: promoting the creation of autonomous independent brands in the studios; decentralizing the recruitment and use of studio staff to create incentive mechanisms based on “input output”; supporting the production of mangotv in the studios.
Military school, but with its own good talent-building mechanisms, it still has a great deal of quality content and output. Mango super-media also has a thousand-man content-making team, which makes it possible to industrialization a front shop, with 1.4 screen shows that cost less but work better.
The cost of buying one of these items may be $800-90 million, as the price of the Internet for head television shows has now risen to around $10 million. Mangotv’s copyright to make and out-purchase in 2017 buys a total of $1.630 billion, not to burn the money.
We have analysed the recent hot TV dramas of Mangotv, with four main types: 1) Mango participation in production (controlled or participated in), in the yellow background section of the table below.
Gardens, Dear Princes, Sweet Storms, I stood on the bridge to watch the scenery, produced at a small and medium cost, and on a youth idol show. The new version of The Metropolis Garden, although less than expected, received an amazing flow, with more than 5.5 billion broadcasts in Mangotv.
One of this summer's payments: 2) Hunan Vigilante's TV show, re-procedure of the Internet. In two cases, the Internet access is made by Hunan Watch, which then turns to happy sunshine, or happy sunshine, directly.
"Negotiator, Old Boy, Song of Heaven, Cold Life, Can We Don't Worry," and so on.
The right to broadcast the play is purchased in conjunction with a package of rights to watch and distribute it to the Mango tv, which is expected to be very low. Hunting is the latter case, although it is also broadcast on the Hunan Vigilance, with a single purchase of rights to broadcast by the Happy Sun network, which originally cost 275 million yuan (about $4.74 million in a single collection).
The M&A announcement reveals that the distribution and replacement of the Hunt produced about $270 million in 2017, covering essentially the cost of procurement, and that 2.5 billion broadcasts were made on Mangotv’s website, which is a success.
Vigilance at the front end can also help Mangotv to purchase access to a big show online in a low-cost way, with a very high value for money. 3) And Hunan Watch has nothing to do with external purchases (mainly in the waist), such as other watch purchases.
This type of business does not recognize income or cost, delivers copyright after replacement and introduces copyright rights into a new copyright pool, does not change the book value of intangible assets, and therefore is associated with content costs.
Figure 47: Mango tvapp part of the hot TV show 1.5 What is the space for the future?
We don't think that, unlike other Internet sites, where video sites have content properties, where it's hard to really monopolize, and where the long video industry is large enough to be integrated.
Beyond the platforms, there's still a lot of room for development. Even in the US data, there's still room for other videos, even in the case of a high penetration rate. The table below shows that the U.S. pay-for-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no.
By 547.5 million, the United States had a population of 326 million, estimated to have more than 100 million households, with a penetration rate of more than half, while Hbo, with the majors of Nakafe, Amazona, Hulu already in the market, has also seen a rapid increase in Hbonow, which also received a fee of 5 million in February 2018.
Users. Notably, Hbo ' s streaming media platforms include hbogo and hbonow. hbogo is a free streaming service for the Hbo cable channel ' s advanced suite. Hbonow is a stand-alone platform for users who do not subscribe to the channel, so total streaming media users
The Hbo subscriptions have been growing steadily against the backdrop of the overall decline in US-paid television, and are highly relevant to the development of stream media. The most famous sports pay channel in the United States is Espn (under the Disney flag).
The number of subscribers has been on a downward trend in recent years, and in response to the shock of the stream media, the company announced online media channels in April 2018, and in September it announced that more than 1 million users had paid for them. Hbo's total subscriptions (including television fees and streaming media users) have been covered in recent years in the United States.
There has been a steady increase, as it introduced Hbogo in 2010, Hbo now in 2015 and Hbogo in 2017 for use in more than 50 countries and territories overseas. Hbo has a high number of 88 million offshore users in 2017, far higher than Naifi (63 million overseas users).
The flight was $11.7 billion, the hbo was $6.3 billion, about half of that. Although it was not possible to estimate how much of Hbo's income was in circulation, at least it meant that even with a giant like Nero, Hbo could still get a lot of income.
Mangotv's strategic position is no less important than that of Hunan. In 2016, the director of Hunan TV, Lu hunbin China Network, stated at the audio-visual conference that “Mangotv is to be considered as important as the Hunan Guard.” According to the lake,