The short-term performance is affected by the fall in subsidies for car options and auto parts, and the advantage of new energy poles is reinforced.
By implementing the 2019 subsidy standard, the net electric vehicle subsidy has been reduced by more than 50%. By the same token, the second half of the year began to be affected by a slump in the car market and by subsidies, and new energy vehicle sales have continued to decline, with companies q4 selling only 3.69 million new energy vehicles, a double-dip decline of 64.69%.
Blade batteries have gone out, and the industrial chain has become more dominant. Companies have accumulated technology over the years, introducing brand-new brand-new Blade batteries, with significant advantages in terms of safety and cost.
With a higher volume ratio energy density, it solves the problem of phosphate lithium batteries continuing to fly in cars. The company also sets up the whole car and battery product, the pain points that the entire battery in the new generation of batteries will need, and is now interacting with most of the companies and is expected to expand more in the future.
The State Department has recently indicated a new 12-month maximum/minimum subsidy.
Energy acquisition subsidies will be extended for a further two years, and the delay in subsidies will further guide consumers to accept new energy vehicles for the medium- and long-term development of the new energy vehicle industry, and the strategic position of new energy vehicles will be highlighted.
The company, as the leader of a new energy vehicle in the country, has significant advantages in core technology and industry, industry-wide delays in performance, and long-term advantages in new energy sources.
-2019/10/29 Investment proposal: companies, as champions of new energy vehicles, have a long-term good market niche. Biadi (002594) Reported Reverse Growth, New
The advantages of pillar and technology accumulation and short- and long-term performance, while under some pressure, will continue to be apparent in the area of new energy leaders and strong energy kings - 2019/08/21. The net return profit is expected to be $1.611 billion in 19/20, respectively.
Biadi (002594) " The New Energy Car Year is the best, $1.256 billion, and the company ' s dominance in the new energy vehicle sector is expected to continue, with future growth in power out of batteries - 2019/07/07
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report