The Biadei event was evaluated, the semiconductor was introduced into the battle, and the business was split up again.
▪ Events: The holding subsidiary Biadi semiconductor completed a round of 1.9 billion yuan, financed by Redwood capital, China gold capital and innovative investments in the country, and several well-known domestic and foreign investment institutions, such as hipalayacapital, were involved in the subscription, valued at 9.4 billion yuan.
Biadey's semiconductor is recognized by star capital. Biadi semiconductor is a car-class semiconductor, and there's a wide range of alternatives. Biadi's new energy vehicle, igbt, has a steady build-up at the top of the country's manufacturers. In the future, there are plans to move towards other car-class core semiconductors (e.g. mcu, cis, led).
For the current replenishment of $1.9 billion, $76.05 million will be added to the capital pool, and $18.24 billion will be used for the main business, unless otherwise specified. The current round of investments will help to upgrade the Biadi semiconductor, making full use of the well-known investments.
This financing was the beginning of independent marketization of Bi-Adi’s subsidiary, and the introduction of strategic investors was the company’s listing.
Important initiatives will continue to be followed by semiconductor segmentation on the market. Unlike vertically supplied battery plates, the Biadi semiconductor has already been sold to the outside world and, with internal reorganization and the introduction of strategic investors, the Biadi (002594).
It is expected that the split of semiconductor plates will be marketed earlier than the battery plates and will be sold in or around 2022, and that the blade batteries will open the Han dynasty 2020-04-23.
Split the entire battery out of the market independently. 2, Biadey: Unexpected Income, High Batteries.
In the 333rd edition of the Bulletin of Road Motor Vehicle Production Enterprises and Products, Biadi declared more than Qinev, Qinproev, Songplusev, and Biadi (002594) to report on: electricity.
The wheels are solid and subject to short-term policy disturbance with a car type with a lithium phosphate battery. The company introduces a blade battery, which is essentially a long core +ctp process.
In June, Biadehan took the lead in loading the car, and we expect a further 10% reduction in the cost of titanium blades, an increase in energy density of 15-20%, and an increase of about $3,000 in the profits of the car at the level of a00 if lithium is replaced. The continuation of the blade batteries is expected to accelerate the roll-out, further boosting the fall in the model and improving the profitability of the car.
The holding company Biade semiconductor completed a round of 1.9 billion yuan, financed by Redwood capital, Chinese gold capital and national investment, innovative investments, and several well-known domestic and foreign investment institutions, such as hipalayacapital, engaged in subscriptions, valued at $9.4 billion.
The Biadi semiconductor is a car-class semiconductor, with a wide range of alternatives to national production. For a long period of time, the Car Code gbt core technology has been dominated by foreign firms, the Biadi semiconductor has pioneered the replacement of the new energy car gbt national product, the cumulative load of which is in the first place for domestic manufacturers, and it is planned to gradually move towards other car-class core semiconductors (e.g., other car code semiconductors) in the future.
In pure electric cars, the cost of igbt is about half the cost of the power drive system and the second-highest cost of the battery. By Yadi's development of igbt 4.0 will have igbt the cost of igbt.
The thickness of the crystal circle was reduced from 180 μm to 120 μm, the overall power consumption was reduced by about 20 per cent, the 100-km power consumption was reduced by about 0.6 kwh, while Biadi announced that it would sell the igbt product to other car companies, with 100,000 units per month of production from the Yadiigbt core in June 19 and 1.2 million vehicles per year supplied with new energy.
The Star Capital Intakes Main Company has expanded further up and down. Of this $1.9 billion replenishment, $7.605 million is for new registered capital and $1,824 million is for the Capital Provident Fund, all of which will be used, unless otherwise specified.
This round of investment will help to upgrade the industry of the Biadi semiconductor, make full use of the strategic layout of the renowned investment agency to expand the industry chain upstream and downstream, enrich the resources of third-party clients, help expand its capital strength, expand its capacity, and accelerate business development. In the future, the Biadi semiconductor is committed to becoming a national top, international leader.
The merger is continuing, and the semiconductor is expected to be ahead of the battery plate. This financing is the beginning of an independent market-based process for the Biadico Division, and the introduction of strategic investors is an important initiative for the company to be listed and will continue.
To promote semiconductor segmentation. Unlike the vertically supplied battery plates, the Biadi semiconductor has already been sold externally, and with internal reorganization and the introduction of strategic investors, it is expected that the split of the semiconductor plates will be marketed earlier than the battery plates and that the entire battery will be removed from the market independently by 2022.
Blade cells improve the profits of bicycles, and Biadehan will be the first to load vehicles such as Qin and Song to switch lithium phosphate blade batteries. In the 333rd edition of the Public Notice for Road Motor Vehicle Production Enterprises and Products, Biadi declared that he was carrying multiple phosphate lithium batteries, including Qinev, Qinproev, Songplusev, etc.
The motor battery production companies are Chongqing Foday Lithium Battery Company Ltd. (the first and current sole production base for the blade cell), of which Qinev and Qinproev are remodelled, with the largest change being the switch of the battery, which will further accelerate the expansion of the blade battery.
Blade batteries are expected to accelerate their spread and improve bicycle profits. The company has launched a blade battery, which is essentially a long core +ctp process. In June, Biadehan took the lead in loading the car. We expect a further 10% reduction in the cost of blade lithium, an increase in energy density of 15-20%, and an increase of about $3,000 in the profit of a hundred-grade bicycles if lithium is replaced. The subsequent blade battery is expected to accelerate.
3. The gradual recovery of electric car emissions, the introduction of new models that will be a turning point for sales, the gradual recovery of the Biadi cut-off, and the recovery of the city ' s share: more than 13,000 vehicles in April, with 22 per cent of the city ' s sales, a 44 per cent decline in the same year.
The ring increased slightly by 4 per cent, with a cumulative sales of 35,000 vehicles in January-April, a decrease of 63 per cent in the same year. In April, compared to April, the number of vehicles sold for pure electricity was first in the range of 509 vehicles (12 per cent) and a cumulative sale of 13,000 vehicles in January-April; Songproev sold a total of 1012 vehicles, a slight increase in the ring; and SONG sold 756 vehicles in the middle of the blend, a 50 per cent increase in the ring.
Momentum; at the same time, local incentives for electric cars are increased and policy turning points are clear. The heating is expected to start at an accelerated pace in June, and the Han pure/intubated version is expected to be the second half of the year, and Biadi's share of the cars is expected to rise back to around 20% throughout the year.
Two hundred and twenty-five thousand vehicles corresponding to the annual volume of sales. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board