Industry policy warms up, and looks forward to the improvements in the new energy automobile business - the 2019 & the 2020 Quarterly Review.
The impact of subsidies, epidemics, etc., will improve in q2 cases The company's collection and performance continued at the same level since the second half of 2019, a 23.42 per cent decline compared to the previous year; mobile phone parts and assembly operations, secondary charge batteries and photovoltaics
Some factors such as the 2020q1 epidemic and the decline in the sale of new energy vehicles have led to a significant decline in performance. The Division expects that, in addition to the photovoltaic burden, the company’s automobile orbital traffic, cellular parts, and assembly operations will improve, with an expected profit of $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion in the first half of the year.
The Māori rate is short-term pressure, the management rate and the R&D rate are rising on a year-on-year basis The Māori rate for product operations is higher on a year-on-year basis by 2.10 pct. In terms of the cost of the period, the company increased the cost rates by 1.02 pct and 2.77 pct for the period 2019 and 2020q1, respectively, with sales cost rates increasing by 2.77 pct for sale.
After a slight decrease in the cost of services and an increase in the cost of management and research and development, the subsidy policy is in place and the volume of new energy cars is expected to continue to improve over the last six months compared to 300 deep.
In the second half of the year, there was some impact on the domestic consumption of new energy vehicles, and the company’s new energy cars have been running down the same scale since July. In recent times, subsidies have been extended, subsidies have been reduced, most technological indicators have been kept stable, while some parts have given new energy vehicles.
By subsidizing the purchase, the company, as the lead vehicle for new energy in the country, has significant technological advantages and a good product profile, and the recovery of industrial policy is expected to lead to a sustained improvement in the volume of new energy cars sold by the company. Downstream customers sell less than expected, new production is less advanced than expected, and so forth.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is responsible for producing this report independently and objectively and for ensuring that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeking to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately and that no third part of the conclusions are drawn.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.