The Sini San Reconnaissance Reporter (002594.sz)
A slight decline in the sale of new energy vehicles as a result of the fall in subsidies, the fall in subsidies in the second half of 19; the sale of 22,950,000 new energy vehicles by companies throughout the year; a 41.75 per cent drop in the sale of vehicles; and a $40,145 million gain in the company ' s new energy automobile business.
New-energy cars have a strong edge, new models are heavily marketed, accounting for about 19%. 19 years. Market data: A new generation of Donev, a new Songmax plug-in hybrid power version, a new dollar in April 22, 2020.
The company's highest/lowest sales in the year 2020: the company's flagship vehicle, Biadehan, will match Teslamodel3 to further enrich the company's output.
In 2019, it benefited mainly from 3d glass,
\triangleright Upgrade of ceramics and assembly operations, and revenues from cellular parts and assembly operations of approximately $53.380 billion, an increase of 26.40% over the same period, and a decrease of 3.24% in the Māori rate.
The overall sales of fuel vehicles have declined, and some of them perform better. \triangleright, 2019, sold 23.19 million vehicles, a 15% decline in the same year.
Toyota is recognized for Biadei's technological and market experience. On March 25, Biadei and Toyota formed a joint venture to take over the market. For Toyota, domestic markets can be opened quickly through Biade. For Biadi, cooperation with the international giant will be one.
The policy of continuing subsidies and exempting them from the purchase tax continues to favour new vehicles in general for a long time. \triangleright, at the end of March.
The Council of State decided to extend for two years the policy of subsidizing the purchase of new energy vehicles and exempting them from the purchase tax. Although ITC House 28 at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, will not contribute to a rapid increase in the sale of new energy vehicles, it increased the number of new energy vehicles during the subsidy period.
At the same time, Biadi's electric vehicle is now selling a pure electric extension mileage to the 7th floor of the Center.
More than that, more than a lot of petrol cars, more than the threshold, and much of the solution to the issue of renewal, and more steady growth in sales from Shanxi Securities.
In the case of the new crown, the automobile industry is heavily affected. But, as the company leads the electric power industry \triangleright, as the company's product system improves, it continues to improve, and it supports policy.
The company is expected to be better off than the industry as a whole in 2020/2011. The company is expected to sell the car in less than expected quantities; macroeconomic downsides are continuing; the epidemic is continuing; industry attitude is being produced independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.