Bialdi, short-term performance pressure, and policies are expected to promote sales and profit increases
In addition, the company has a leading blade battery technology, a power semiconductor that subsidizes sales and performance during the transition period. In 2019, the company sold 461.4 million cars that affected some customers, and increased the Māori rate for automobile operations by 2.1 pct (higher Māori for overseas buses and Shenzhen mudslides, effective drops for batteries, etc.), and the overall Māori rate is almost even.
The decrease of 8.1 per cent was mainly due to a decrease of $440 million (-38.9 per cent) in the cost of after-sales services; an increase in management costs if there was an increase in employee remuneration and material consumption; an increase of 14.4 per cent in financial costs, mainly due to an increase in interest expenditure; and four rates of 13.4 per cent, an increase of 1.0 per cent over the same period. Declines in income, Māori rates, subsidies to sustain the sale of new energy sources and increased profitability. In 2019, the new energy subsidy dropped by about 70 per cent (tests).
At the end of March, the State Council decided to extend the policy of subsidizing the purchase of new energy vehicles and exempting them from the acquisition tax for a period of two years, which would contribute significantly to the growth in the sale of new energy vehicles, as well as to the increase in the profitability of the company. In 2019, the company sold 23.19 million vehicles (-15.0%), with good results, including replacement and upgrading of vehicles, with 19q4 (+37.1%), 20q1 (-12.0%) performing well over the industry.
Power batteries and semiconductors are expected to be marketed and revalued. The company has recently released blade battery products, which are leading in terms of volume energy density, safety, etc. Developments such as power cell outside supply to Chang-Aon, which have been successful, with toyota at the market price of 21 April 2020, are already on the ground and are expected to open up more domestic and foreign customers in the future. The company's high-grid layout of the industry chain will be well developed, and more advanced sicumosfet will be on the market in the middle of the Chinese-style year. The company integrates related operations such as the power semiconductor and set up the Biadi semiconductor company to introduce strategic investments.
In recent years, companies have gradually opened up to distribution systems, power cells, semiconductors, etc., to provide external funding for the Biadi-Toyota joint venture, which offers multiple benefits and promises to separate the market, the products in question from the market, and the revalued value of the company.
Biadey - Short-term profit pressure, new energy length, Biadi - high growth reported, new energy short-term pressure 1) vehicle sales fall short of expectations; 2) Māori rates for new energy, etc., fall sharply.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consultancy.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)