The option to consume automobiles and car parts without fear of short-term pressure, new batteries and vehicle models ready for release: the company issued a quarterly report in 2020, and the company collected $19,679 million, the same amount.
The epidemic has had a short-term impact on profits, and q2 is expected to improve. The first quarter of 2020 saw a significant drop in sales due to the epidemic, with q1 company sales falling by 47.89 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a significant drop in sales, resulting in an increase in cost amortization pressures, and an increase in end-of-end subsidies due to increased sales pressure.
The company expects that the cost of new energy vehicles will be further optimized in the second quarter, and that sales of explosive vehicles are expected to pick up, while the production of cellular components and masks is expected to yield positive gains and performance is expected to improve considerably.
Knife batteries are expected to be regenerated and new products ready for release. After years of technological accumulation and total equity/flow (million shares), the company has introduced a new generation of blade battery products, with clear advantages in safety and cost.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) is clear, with a high volume relative energy density, which solves the problem of phosphate lithium batteries with a 12-month maximum/minimum unit on board.
The new generation of battery products now interacts with most companies, and it is hoped that more external customers will expand in the future.
“Han” is on the bright side, ready for launch, and is expected to contribute a new boost to the market in mid-year. Performance, new energy poles will be strengthened, and subsidies will slow down and extend for another two years, and the new energy vehicle’s strategic position will be highlighted.
Biyadi (002594) "Markets down and subsidies downhill for two more years, with a small fall in subsidies this year, with a clear three-year catch-up, a clear long-term advantage of new energy sources."
The steep slopes will allow companies to respond to policy changes ahead of schedule, to benefit the medium- and long-term development of the new energy vehicle industry -- 209/10/29, and the strategic position of the new energy vehicle will be highlighted.
Biyadi (002594) reported high-reverse growth, new industries, strong core technology and industrial advantages, a well-developed whole-sector chain, and the prospect of sustained growth in the new energy vehicle industry, further reinforcing the advantages.
Investment proposals: The company, as a champion in the new energy vehicle sector, has a long-term good market profile and accumulated technology, and its short- and long-term advantage in the new energy domain will continue to emerge, despite some pressure on its short-term performance. The net return is expected to be 2,154 million yuan in 20 and 21 years, respectively.
/28.38 million yuan, and the company's advantage in the area of new energy vehicles is still expected to continue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.