Technology upgrades will lead down the cost of Biadi (002594.sz) fast-track performance rating 2019 Company ratings: increase (maintain)
The company's performance is up to expectations, and the new energy vehicle business is falling behind. The public year's performance is expected to match. According to estimates, 2019q4 companies received about $33.9 billion in desktop strategy, Songpro led the fuel truck to reverse growth, and new energy cars are suffering.
The impact of the policy adjustment has been much lower, delaying the company’s performance. All three business segments of the mobile phone component and assembly business have experienced high growth.h Shares are 53 billion yuan (+29.19%) compared to the Yadi electronics business, resulting in a net profit of 1.6 billion yuan to the mother.
Companies are qualified for portfolio investment consulting (-27%). Under the influence of the Central American trade war, the first half of the year of e-business is under pressure, Biadey’s in-depth report: short balance sheet, open.
Technology upgrades will lead to lower costs. "Knife cells" in volume relative to energy density.
Upgraded by 50 per cent compared to conventional iron batteries, the competitiveness of companies ' new energy automobile products is further enhanced by lower cost, higher security and longer life expectancy compared to three-dollar batteries.
By contrast, Biadei (002594.sz) is an absolute leader in the new energy automobile industry, with core technology and a complete industrial chain, moving down as technology rises to lead costs, and subsidies and acquisition tax concessions.
Extension to fully benefit from technological leadership and the dividends of policy support ... to sustain companies 1) Income growth assumptions: reduced costs driven by technological advances and new energy subsidies and acquisition tax preferences to new heights, mobile phone operations into a new business growth cycle with expected operating revenues over the next three years
2) Māori ratio assumption: Māori in automobiles is higher than in industry as a result of company-owned power cells, rapid increases in product availability and AMIS operations are expected, Māori in mobile phones will gradually improve and costs will decline, and Māori in other main business (including cloud tracks) are expected to be higher in the next three years
3) Tax and fee assumptions: The company’s combined cost rates remain stable and open to compliance channels, and the logic of the analysis in the report is based on its own professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects its own research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.