The opening curtain is officially opened, with unlimited potential released in an orderly fashion — the Biadi semiconductor internal reorganization, the introduction of strategic investors and equity incentives bulletins to evaluate events: the company announcement of the Biadi semiconductor internal reorganization and the proposed introduction of strategic investors to core personnel
On 14 April, the company issued a public announcement that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Biadewa Electronics (now known as Biadi Semiconductor), would be granted 100 per cent of the shares of the Ningpobiadi Semiconductor and Guangdong Biadi Energy Conservation Technology by means of an internal reorganization, and would acquire smart photovoltaics, led light sources and led applications in Biadi, Hue County.
The Biadi semiconductor’s future operations will focus on car regulation semiconductors, which will simultaneously drive the development of semiconductors in the industrial, consumer, and other domains. At the same time, the Biadi semiconductor will introduce strategic investors, for example, by increasing its equity.
Last week, Wang (contact) granted 30,197.6 million equity options to the directors, senior managers and core cadres of Biadi semiconductors, representing 10 per cent of the currently registered capital of Biadi semiconductors, at a price of $5 per dollar.
• The new energy motor power semiconductor, which in 2025 was 10 billion yuan in market space, was widely used in new energy cars, of which gbt accounted for about 10% of the cost of new energy vehicles. In terms of the cost of a single car, we expect to be in the country's new energy vehicle, i.e., the city of igbt, by 2025.
The Biadi semiconductor is the country’s second-largest new energy vehicle, igbt, which began to be deployed in 2005 and in 2010, in bulk-applied new energy cars. According to data from the New Age, the Biadi semiconductor city was dominated in 2019 by the country’s new energy vehicle use.
A total of 18%, second in rank. Biadi's new energy vehicle has a cumulative sales volume of more than 750,000 vehicles with a fully proven durability and reliability of the Yadi semiconductor's igbt. Biadi semiconductor depth, semiconductor technology, introduced in 2019, and a sicmosfet, with a batch package to be achieved by 2020.
• Opening the door to openness, stimulating the dynamism of equity incentives, the Biadi semiconductor's intention to introduce strategic investors, diversified shareholder structures, and helping to enhance company independence and the outreach of third-party customers. Marketized incentives can stimulate the dynamism of companies and help to capture them.
Opportunities for the rise of the semiconductor industry in the country. The proposed introduction of strategic investors is an important milestone in the process of marketization of Biadi enterprises, and companies will continue to accelerate the marketization of other subsidiaries, fully unleashing the market potential of Biadi affiliates and enhancing corporate value as a whole.
The company's 2020q1 performance forecast is bright, with a net profit of $50 to $150 million expected to be realized, and the global power locomotive taps that evolved to collapse.
The Middle East Reported Performance Matches Expectations, The Dynasty+e Net Products Warfare. 2019-08-21.