The main industry has built a solid foundation, with robust performance growth — yousw@cfsc.com.cn
• Firm growth driven by deepening thermal management technologies in synergy with global production capacity
Heat management of large-scale integrated products and a number of projects to break the ice, break through auto heat management agents and water-side integration modules; capture high copper-priced machines in technology development, replace with accelerated steel valves, reduce the volatility of raw materials costs while advancing.
Automation of integrated module production lines to significantly improve production efficiency; ongoing construction of Mexico, Polish factories and domestic bases, such as the Central Mountain and the Shoehin Sea, to improve global production networks and enhance off-the-shelf services for the European and American markets
Business ends optimize human effectiveness through digital production (e.g. black light cars) and smart management to create synergies between “open-source winding-up.” Technology breakthroughs and capacity expansion work together to close the barriers to competition to make automobile parts and components work.
In the context of the i-drive robotics industry explosion, the Tripod has positioned the motor executives as a core strategic block that allows clients to develop and test their products in depth.
The company uses power-driven technology as a support point, focusing on key components such as servo machines, decelerating institutions, building and globalizing production capacity, continuously optimizing product performance indicators and building processes and patented rivers.
At present, the company is working on a full-scale basis with its clients to develop, test, overlay and, ultimately, achieve a level of production, depending on the technology accumulated in the area of automobile parts and components for efficient migration.
Continuous enhancement of shareholder returns and talent incentives Company buybacks for shareholder interests, accumulated since 2018, amounting to more than 1.1 billion yuan; simultaneous maintenance of a high percentage bonus, listed cash points to date
Repurchase of $35.97 million. In terms of talent incentives, a two-track "restrictive stock plus value added" scheme was introduced, with restricted shares awarded to 1,933 core employees.
The virtuous circle that underpins "buyback-optimizing equity-incentive-driven performance-sharing with shareholders" highlights governance maturity and sustainable development potential. Breaking down the barriers to competition with expansion of capacity, and moving robotic-related business smoothly
For the first time, a “buy-in” investment rating is covered. Downstream demand is not as high as expected risk; Māori drop risk; raw material price increase risk; storage and robotic operations are not expanding as expected; overseas markets are opening up
In addition to the expected risks, equity buy-backs and incentives are less advanced than expected.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific advice or opinion contained in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.