Twenty-five-and-a-half-year news reports, q2 performance forecast, high-paced pace of delivery, Nguyen Xiaoyan.
The research assistant, Xu Jinhyu, issued a 25-and-a-half-year performance forecast, and an o2 performance supermarket forecast. According to the forecast, the company ' s 25q2 net profit was 2.08 billion yuan, or +36 per cent.
Growth, the zero industry continues to expand its orders through the demonstration effects of the pole customers, and the company’s downswing has been significant, with the company’s o2 performance supermarket expectations.  Traditional refrigeration demand q2 is also contributing to higher-than-expected and overlapping exports, and we expect q2 to be collected.
Europe abroad begins to recover demand after going to the reservoir. We have been working on 25 years of electricity plate revenue growth, which is expected to reach between 15 and 19 billion yuan, and with companies responding to the needs of customers outside the sea with tax-free plants in Mexico and Vietnamese factories, tariff uncertainties can be controlled.
▪ A robust growth of zero core clients and a growth of new clients, with an increase of q2 block revenue of 10-20 per cent, from domestic pole car companies, with a two-fold increase in millet q2, a double increase in guilds to ease taxes, and the company ' s use of fob pricing plus Mexico ' s production model, while the company ' s acceleration of Thai workers
There are short-term disturbances in the production rhythm of man-made robots without changing their Tier 1 status, and future profit elasticity.
The long-term industrial trend remains unchanged. And hardware programs are basically fixed, companies cooperate in the development of full-system implementers, year) with a total of $50,000, a net interest rate of 10%, a 70% share of the company, and a contribution of $3.5 billion.
Tribute Wirtschaftsprüfer (002050): 2024 Annual Report: Assessment: 24q4 Battalion received over-expected, man-shaped robotics. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory business.