In 2024, net profits increased slightly, and robotic components continued to optimize.
The benefits are: 1) the company ' s new energy vehicle service order continues to be released, the company ' s zero-energy business has a relatively high share of the new energy source vehicle-related and the order continues to be released. 2) The share of refrigeration and air-conditioning appliances in the leading product market has steadily increased.
-0.62 pct, Māori rate for the zero-carbon business, 27.64%, +0.53 pct. Companies are expected to contribute to improved profitability by effectively implementing cost controls and process optimization, among other things, through sophisticated manufacturing.
Valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, omega pumps, electron expansion valves, new energy car heat management integrated component products are the world’s leading market. 2024 Globalized layouts, 1) Refrigeration operations: using multi-point base layouts such as Vietnam, Mexico, Thailand, etc.
2) Zero operations: ongoing construction of factories and new production capabilities in Mexico, Poland and China, Shenyang, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Shao Xing Rim. Robot components continue to optimize performance, opening up new growth points. With respect to imitation of robots, companies are tight.
Compatibility with clients to meet their needs; product critical performance indicators are being optimized on a continuous basis, and the process and patented technology mounds are built around self-research product programs.
Project Investment Agreement for the Center for Intellectual Control of Future Industries, with a total planned investment of not less than $5 billion, 3x3 (002050.sz) - Māori Uplifting Rate, Focusing on New Growth Points in Robotics, including 1) the Advance Electronic Smart Change Controls Project of Company Holdings, 2)
The annual report and the quarterly review of Māori rates for 2023 mention the Robot Servers and Power Executions project and the Heat Management Area Control project. The company is expected to increase its business profile in the field of imitation robots, which is expected to be a potential growth point.
Tripod Smart Control (002050.sz) - Long-term Growth Outlook for the Heat Management Leadhead - Three-quarterly Review of Tripod Management (002050.sz) 2023 - Sustained Profitability Increased Risks, Customer Outreach Risks, Exchange Rate Risks, etc.
The wind zero and cooling operations continued to rise, contributing to a small increase in business income in 2024. In 2024, the three genres managed a real operating income of $27.95 billion, an increase of 13.8 per cent, a net return to the mother of $3.100 billion, a rise in corporate performance that benefited from: 1; the company ' s continued release of new energy vehicle orders; and the country ' s new performance in 2024.
A total of 12,866,000 vehicles were sold from sources, an increase of 35.5 per cent over the same period.2 In the refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical business, companies continued to consolidate market niches, promote the industrialization of existing and new products, explore new market operations opportunities, and expand and consolidate clients across the board through activities such as large-scale cooling exhibitions and global partnership conferences.
Sub-operational income from refrigeration in 2024 amounted to $16.56 billion, an increase of 13.1 per cent in the same year, and from the zero-carbon business + 0.53 pct. The decline in the Māori ratio of refrigeration operations was influenced by changes in China’s policies such as the elimination of taxes on aluminium exports.
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (%) Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (%)
Refrigeration AC parts and components remain the global leader. Currently, the market for products such as corporate air-conditioning electronic expansion valves, quadrupling valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, and omega pumps are the world's largest.
The company is now the world’s largest in the use of electro-inflated valves, new energy sources, and integrated component products in car heat management. New-energy car sales are increasing, and the zero-gas business is expected to go with mainstream new-energy car customers.
Integrated heat management operations, with the addition of three heat management circuits to the heat management system for new energy vehicles, the addition of components such as cooling boards, pool coolers, electric pumps, electronic expansion valves, and the introduction of a new heat management system for heat pump air conditioning, which has been increased from around $2,000 to about $6,000 in value relative to the traditional fuel heat management system
A two-fold upgrade, the company's active layout component integration and heat management system programme, the upgrading from “mechanical component development” to “system control technological solutions for integrated sub-control”, the upgrading of product-based expansion and consolidation technology, and the further upgrading of the company's thermal tubes and the value of the product vehicle.
The company has now become Volvo, Gilly, Fareo, Mahler, the general public, Mercedes, BMW, Toyota, General, 100 million yuan, an increase of 17.1 per cent over the same period, representing 92 per cent of the revenue from the automobile spare parts business, and is expected to benefit fully from the high growth in the new energy source automobile industry.
Figure 7: The company’s new energy automobile business has continued to grow, it proposes to issue a stock of h shares and apply to be listed on the Hong Kong main board to promote a globalized business arrangement. The company has many years of experience with zero operations overseas. The company has companies in the United States, Europe, Japan, and India.
The company, the American Triumphs, was founded in 2011 to gain experience in its operations, the United States of America established two Sunsends in the United States, Michigan and Mexico. In June 2017, the Mexican Triumph Zero organized the launch of the txv production line, and Mexico's triflix was positioned on the assembly of the swelling valves, which reached production in 2017 and designed its annual capacity.
In October 2022, the second phase of Mexico’s industrial park was officially launched. India’s triple flower, located at the three-butter zero-inflated valve, was locally assembled and sold and produced in 2014, with a capacity of 500,000. Japan’s triple flower was created in 2008.
In addition, the company signed a cooperation agreement in April 2022 with Minsu Motor Technology Research and Development Ltd., a joint venture to build a plant in Poland (51% of stockholdings) and a one-stage plant.
The strategy of globalization continues. To further the corporate internationalization strategy, enhance the company’s international image and integrate competitiveness, the three-way puzzles are about to issue shares (h shares) in foreign shares and apply for joint trading in Hong Kong.
The company’s main board is on the market, raising funds for global technology research and development and for expanding the product mix, expanding and building new domestic and foreign factories and increasing the efficiency of companies’ digital operations, as well as supplementing operating capital. 2024 Globalized refrigeration operations: companies continue to scale up global manufacturing, using multi-point base layouts.
The development of the layout and human resource base to respond positively to tariff challenges and improve the availability of localized parts and components for global clients: the implementation of the global supply map through the ongoing construction of factories and new production capabilities in Mexico, Poland and China, Shenyang, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Shao Heng Bay.
Based on the company ' s hand orders, battery and electronic heat management products, electrically driven heat tubes, cabin heat management products, whole-car heat management products and microchannel heat exchangers as at 30 September 2023, the projected capacity requirements for 2027 will amount to 9,924.11 million units per year, 2,677.2 million units per year, 8,583.5 million units per year, 22,889.97 million units, respectively.
Table 1: gdr ' s fund-raising project ' s customer reserves for products and, in the case of hand orders (as of 30 September 2023) for robotics, the focus of the company is on imitation of robotic machine executives, with performance indicators continuously optimized. The artificial intelligence and imitation of robotics are moving into fast lanes, and the future will change the way of human life and reshape the world ' s history.
The era of al-Ai, the symbiosis of humans and machines, is accelerating. In robotics, companies work closely with their customers to meet their needs; product critical performance indicators continue to optimize autonomously, and build a river around self-researching the product side of the process and patent technology.
Human robot implementers are more similar to the core processes of the company ' s electronic pump-type products, all of which include pressurization, emplacing, machine processing, welding, surface treatment, electrical circuits, pcba patches, assembly, etc. The company has continued to develop and expand its research based on heat management pumps, valves, heat exchangers and, as of 2024, the company has been authorized by national and international patents.
Of the 4252 inventions, 2,261 were patented, and the company has now accumulated technology of the same origin as pump valves that can be applied to robotic machine appliance products.
At the conference, the two parties will co-finance a joint venture at the Sanhua Mexican Industrial Park, where the main business of the joint venture will be the harmonization of the speed-depressors and the strengthening of cooperation in the robotic industrial chain. In terms of storage capacity, the company will focus on the main clients, closely track developments in the technology of the storage system, and keep track of the storage system.
Market opportunities for the thermal management of spare parts. 2024 Major investment: the Samurai Centre for Future Industries project, 4 January 2024.
84%) Agreement on Investment of the Project of the Samurai Industries Centre for the Future, signed with the Hangzhou Quandong New District Management Board, with a total planned investment of not less than $5 billion, including: 1 Project for Advanced Electronic Intelligent Frequency Controls
The first-way electronic FOC frequency controller operation, which is planned to invest in the construction of a base for the production of the first-way smart frequency controller in the Pinnang area, has a total planned investment of not less than $1.2 billion.2 The three-way smart robot server implementer project, the thermal management domain controller project
The company intends to invest in the construction of robotic electron and domain controllers in the Pond Zone (with the aim of providing integration for customers) The layout above facilitates the company's upgrading from “Mine Department Development” to “System Control Technology Solutions for Electronic Control Integration” to a potential growth point in the direction of switching control technology and system integration upgrading.
Investment recommendations: a small reduction in profit forecasts and maintenance of a “better than the big market” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future