Third curve business is ready, and the Repurchase Highlights Report - Three Brain Controls (002050) is actively implemented.
Quarterly revenues of $7,669 million, +19.10 per cent, ring + 3.86 per cent, and net profit returns.
In terms of imitating robotics, the company has continued to work with its clients on a full range of product development, testing, duplication, and sampling, and has continued to add codes to the research and development of key components of the machine and electrical implementers. In January 2024, the company announced the installation of robotic power executioners and domain controllers in the Chan Pond area.
In addition, the company is actively expanding its overseas production capacity and expanding its research and development team. Against the backdrop of the expected rise in human robots in 2025, the company is expected to start building on its downstream client resources.
A “third curve” of business growth, where companies actively pursue buybacks, highlighting development confidence, discloses the Repurchase Stock Report on 8 January 2025.
This round not only highlights management's confidence in the future development of the company, helps to stabilize prices, enhances investor confidence, and distributes employee benefits to the company through equity incentives or employee holding schemes.
Closely tied up, fully motivated, enhanced corporate cohesion and competitiveness for long-term stability.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a constant index, the US market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets) and the Northwards benchmark index is a 50-point index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts