Researchchand developmentcenter 2021 performance meets expectations, product strength and channel expansion drive rapid growth in performance
The company recently published its annual report for 2021, and the company achieved business in 2021.
The net cash flow from operating activities has declined, mainly as a result of the non-performance of term deposits The cash and cash equivalents are shown as the company's currency of $7,097 million at the end of 2021, which is the same increase in the number of channels that have been expanded to drive the rapid growth of the series.
In 2021, the channels were expanded to include a special retail supply of capsules and a special supply of capsules at the retail stores under the banner of the Xiao Xianjin and the Qingdong flagship stores, which have recently increased and dropped (%) in January.
There has been a significant increase in the number of places where the domestic sale of a series of products has reached 3.3 billion yuan, an increase of 11.27 per cent over the previous year, of which 1,493 million dollars are spent on raw materials such as mussels, cow butter, and so on, and the development of new products is progressing well.
In 2021, the company spent $200 million on research and development, an increase of 103 per cent over the same period, and the cost of research and development was 5.04 per cent of the income generated by the manufacture of medicines. In 2021, a drug registration package was made available for treatment.
The collaborative research and development project for the treatment of fibrous muscle pain has entered the clinical stage of a new drug, pzh2107, with three new chemicals, 1 new drugs, 2 new Chinese medicines, 1.1 and 1 new Chinese medicine, 1.2 new drugs, into the clinical research phase, and the initial development of an R & D layout and piped line with the brand features of a small potion.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the growth in the number of corporate experiential libraries and the dynamism of online channels, it is expected that the company will be able to use the company's own financial services.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City’s West Side in Beijing City: Sales on-line are over-expected, experience halls are built faster. Risk factors: Epidemic control leads to less than expected performance, and product sales are less than expected.
China's fast-growing China Pharmacy Dragon Company is located in the city's high-supreme district of Chenzhou. It is the state's high-tech company, the Chinese old-name company, which produces the exclusive production of the nearly 500-year-old Fukuchi San-Photo. The core product is a Chinese drug conservation variety, and its traditional production skills are selected.
The National Intangible Cultural Heritage List, which has been in the forefront of China's exports of the Chinese medicaments for many years, is known as the “Sea Silk Road” and the “China Symbols.” In addition, the company, through its outreach, has more than 20 Chinese medicines, such as the Angkorx max and the hin hysteria liver capsule.
Cosmetics: Recovering potential internally, generating efficiency gains and achieving high-quality development; taking advantage of branding advantages, capital advantages, resource advantages, actively looking for suitable targets, and making a sound push for external M&As.2 Performance growth is rapid and profitability is strong
In 2021, the Māori rate stabilized at a high level, and in 2021 the Māori rate was more profitable in the company ' s Māori product range, leading to higher corporate overall profitability.
The rate reached 50.72 per cent, up from recent highs, with net interest rates of 30.72 per cent and roe of 27.68 per cent, all of the highest ever in the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, with a policy-driven and new boom.
In October 2019, the State Council issued an Opinion on Promoting the Transfer and Innovative Development of Chinese Medicines, which includes a sound system of Chinese medicine services, a unique role for Chinese medicine in the preservation and promotion of the health of the people, a strong push for the improvement of Chinese medicine quality and industrial quality, a strengthening of the Chinese medicine workforce, and a reform of the institutional mechanisms for the improvement of Chinese medicine management.
At the same time, local governments such as Yunnan, Guangdong, Sichuan, and Guangxi Autonomous Region have responded positively by introducing measures to promote the local Chinese medicine industry, taking into account local characteristics. At the beginning of 2020, in the fight against the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, Chinese and Western medicine were working together to cure it.
The State Department should respond to the "triple drugs" that have been screened by the new crown of the United Pneumoconiosis Control Mechanism's scientific team, which has become a central pillar in the fight against the epidemic in the early stages of the absence of special effects. The remarkable contribution of Chinese medicine in the case of the epidemic has contributed to the pace of innovation.
The Chinese Medicines Register Classification and Declaration Information Requirements are being significantly updated, with Chinese Medicines Innovative Medicines being singled out as the first major category in the updated Chinese Medicines Register 2020.The new Registers fully reflect Chinese drug research and development patterns, with product characteristics, innovation levels and review management as important classifications
Considerations: The addition of a new classification of “co-agents in the ancient classics”, the excavation of the classical medical code, the elaboration of the range of pharmaceutical co-agents in the ancient classics: the establishment of a procedure for the review of Chinese medicines: the combination of Chinese medicine improvements with their clinical values: the promotion of secondary development of the declaration path of “incremental primary treatment” was replaced by the inclusion of new drug declarations: the improvement of the quality of medicines already on the market: for pharmaceutical students already on the market
Changes, such as the process of production, causing the substance base or drug absorption, using a significantly changed declaration path to include the new drug declaration paradigm: emphasis on the distinction between generic and generic drugs, indicating the listing requirements for the same drug. Table 2: Summary of mid-2020 pharmaceutical policy
In 2021, while the Chinese medicine policy was in a state of shock, the gradual transition from a top-level design to an advanced stage of implementation of the Chinese medicine support policy, with strong coherence, was in line with the main development goal of “a new step in the development of innovation in the transmission of Chinese medicine” mentioned in the 14th Five-Year Plan for Drug Security and the Promotion of Quality Development, and sent a strong positive signal.
Key policies, including the slowing down of restrictions on the use of pharmaceutical products in some parts of the world, and the piloting of Chinese formulation particles on the ground. Table 3: Summary of mid-medium medicine policy in 2021.
In recent years, the main revenue from sales of a series of Chinese products has been in the East China region, which accounted for 70.53% of the revenue in 2021. As the company’s marketing channels have been opened, the experience hall will gradually move to South China, China, and North China, where the South China region has a relatively high share of income, and where traditional Chinese medicine is practised, South China is expected to continue to grow.
According to data from 2021, the company’s experience centres are mainly located in South East China, which accounts for 51.66% and 16.62% of the country’s experience centres. Considering the significant growth in the company’s number in 2021, the company’s revenue is expected to be domestic in 2022-2024.
Taking into account the rise in corporate income of brands such as the Xana Xanax, the Māori rate is lower than that of the Xanax series, it is expected that Table 5: Compared to corporate income of the Xiao Xiao Xuan series, there will be a certain period of time when income from the experience hall will increase.
LEE, a team member, a doctor of medicine at the Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of professional experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
E. Baker Mankult (Danah Group) has a great deal of business experience. In July 2021, he joined the Sindash securities. He was in charge of the medical equipment panel. He was a member of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University. He worked in the clinical coro, at ppcc. and Parexel, in 2021, he joined the Sindash securities, and he was in charge of the cxo industry.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
In April, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.