Take the BMW column to a fixed point, 100 million latitudes of lithium (300014.sz) power cell business and go to the next city.
Events: The company announced that in recent days, the billion-latitude Lithium subsidiary, Lake North, has received a firm letter from the German BMW Group, which will provide its neueklasse series of vehicles with a large cylinder of lithium ion cores. The firm ' s fixed letter is an endorsement of the company ' s performance and qualifications for the supply of the relevant products.
It will help to establish a long-term and stable partnership between the two sides, further promote the growth of companies in the lithium ion-powered battery market, enhance their market outreach, combined power and internationalization in the new energy sector, and are important for companies to improve the global industrial landscape.
In the post-subsidization era, 4680 cylinders have a significant margin of value. The total cost of 4680 batteries can be reduced by 56% through the following five aspects: core design, a core factory, positive and negative material, and whole-car battery integration. The large cylinders are expected to replace part of the market for soft bags and squares in the future.
Field share. 4680 energy density: 4680 capacity is five times higher than 2,170 cores, with only a change in inch size, with a 10% increase in energy density, with a 20% increase in energy density to more than 300wh/kg. 4680 is safe and reliable: more heat in the perimeter of the cylinder battery.
4680 takes the combination of top water cooling and side water cooling. Nopolar design further promotes high evaporation heat. 4680 has the advantage of fast charging: 4680 batteries not only fit quickly from the material system, but at the same time change the structure to increase the charge rate, e.g., with panpolar ear design.
BMW officials will be able to set up two core plants in China and Europe, each with an annual capacity of 20 gwh. Currently, the company has planned more than 200 gwh cylinders and square stacks.
20gw in construction capacity is expected to be completed by the end of this year, delivery will take place in the second half of 2023, and overseas capacity is being planned in parallel. In addition to the hundreds of millions of latitudes, BMW officials will announce that they will join the Ninder era, Samsung sdi and nonthvolt in China, Europe, and the North American Free Trade Area (NAFTA).
The power cell business is improving its profitability. The company's power cells were released relatively quickly this year, and its main clients were Peng, Dong Feng, Guangjia, Modern Chia and Daimler, BMW, Jaguar Lugger, Boshi.
The share of the company ' s power cell market rose from 1.6% in 2021 to 2% in July 2022. With the rapid growth in sales, the power cell has the hope of rapid release. In the first quarter of this year, the company and its customers agreed on a price-added motive.
Investment advice: the company’s consumer battery business has a lot of flowers, electronic smoke, tws, electric non-wiring tools, high growth in consumer batteries, etc.
The company is one of the most important players in the storage market and has been working with the country’s major telecommunications operators, the communications hub, the multi-terrestrial electricity grid department on the side of the telecommunications and power grid, etc.
Industry depth report _4680 round 2, new electricity industry _ medium-term investment policy in 2022
This report is presented independently and objectively and clearly and accurately reflecting my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Worked at the Arizona state headquarters and Beijing branch in the United States (Christensen) and worked as a customer director for financial counselling (ir) and marketing.