The business is moving steadily, the resource end layout is optimally profitable, and the company's research is fast-tracked.
According to the Mobil data, the price of the tri-dollar positive material, lithium phosphate, and the electrolyte has continued to decline since March, with a price of 38.4 (8); RMB 15.6.67 million/tonne, down by 9.0/7.7/44.2 per cent, respectively, at higher points in the year, and the cost of the power cell plant at cost since q2, RMB 0.08/0.09/wh, down by March, having a positive impact on the cost recovery of the battery company.
The company q2 has been able to make rapid price adjustments with its clients since then, while benefiting raw material prices continue to be optimized at lower cost and the profitability is expected to be repaired steadily. 2) The advantages of the company’s resource end layout are gradually being demonstrated. The company has acquired lithium salt to become its controlling parent (in millions of latitudes, 51.55%) and it is now in place.
At the same time, the company’s controlling subsidiary, the Lithium Gold Industries (80% of the billion latitudes), produces 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year, at a cost of 4%, and in 2022, the company’s own production of lithium salt is expected to contribute about 760 million yuan (net of income tax). If the rate of production is considered, the return on investment in lithium salt from associated enterprises is factored into the cost end, the cost of the single q2-q4 battery is expected to optimize 0.01/0.01/0.02 yuan, respectively.
3. In the case of power cell operations, the company ' s multi-technology system, which now has multiple solutions such as rectangular lithium, rectangular triads, soft packages, and three cylinders, is actively exploring new material systems such as manganese phosphate. In the case of storage operations, the company ' s global output in 2021 was about 2gwh, and its domestic output was about 0.4gwh, with the domestic market accounting for the third largest number of companies.
In close cooperation with customers such as Huayuan, Linyang, Powinenergy, and in a variety of markets such as communications, electricity, and household storage, we expect that in 2022 the amount of battery output from the company's storage capacity is expected to exceed 8gwh.) Given the positive impact of the continuing downswing in raw material prices and the resource end layout on the company's profitability, we raise the profit forecast, and we expect it to be profitable.
The cost of batteries continues to be optimized by 10,000 yuan per ton, down 9.0/7.7/44.2% from the year's heights, and we measure the cost of the three dollars (8 series)/thiium phosphate cores in July compared to March.
The adjustment is expected to fall rapidly, while the lower-cost end of the price of the beneficiary raw materials continues to be optimized and the profitability is expected to be repaired steadily. Figure 1: Three-dollar material price (millions per ton) - three-dollar price 523
Since 2021, the price of lithium salt has continued to rise, and companies have continued to increase the scale of lithium resources to secure the supply of raw materials.
Lithium is expected to produce more than 4,000 tons a year, and the company holds 51.6% of its shares; the gold lithium industry (80% of 100 million latitudes) is expected to produce 10,000 tons of lithium salt project q3, which is expected to produce a small quantity of goods in the course of the year. We expect lithium salt-related companies to produce 4,000-5,000 tons of carbonate in 2022;
Assuming a tax-free price of lithium salt of 420,000 yuan per ton, at a production cost of 60,000 yuan per ton, and at a cost of 4 per cent, the company is expected to earn about 760 million yuan, taking into account ownership rates, income tax deductions, etc. If the pace of production is considered, the proceeds from the supply of lithium salt from associated enterprises are factored into the battery cost end, the remaining production capacity planning of tons is expected to add to the contribution of H2, and the self-sufficiency of lithium salt is expected to reach about 40 per cent.
In the case of power cell operations, the company's layout of the multi-technical system, which now has a variety of solutions such as rectangular lithium, rectangular lithium, triads, and three cylinders, and is actively exploring new material systems such as manganese phosphate.
In addition, the company worked with and supported China’s storage lines, and went deep into the field of power storage. The company was active in the distribution of multiple markets, including communications, electricity, and household storage, and joined in China.
For high-quality customers such as Vodha, Powinenergy, we expect that in 2022 we can expect more than 8gwhe. Figure 3: Domestic load of energy batteries in 2021 (mwh) Figure 4: Global shipment of energy batteries by domestic enterprises in 2021 (mwh)
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author