Profit recognition points, continued upwards in the medium and long term, were considered to have been confirmed, and one of the main reasons for the negative performance of the company was that the profit contribution of Smaur was significantly reduced due to policy implications, with investment returns deducted in the first half of the year (mainly by Smoak).
After a profit of $817 million, +11.76% of the year, the power cell business opens up the profit margin at a price hike, and the battery product is fully released. q2 has passed through total equity/flow (million shares)
Traveling customers agree on a price linkage mechanism to channel raw material cost pressures and open profit space successfully. Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) while upstream costs have been phased out as the raw material manufacturer’s capacity is further released.
The Board has been optimized on a marginal basis, and further price increases are guaranteed in the context of a controlled upstream cost-restricting follow-on profit space. Meanwhile, with continuous technology development, the company has developed a comprehensive and competitive battery product matrix comprising systems such as lithium primary batteries, consumer batteries, power/storage batteries, etc.;
High-quality customers such as Todemler, Modern, BMW, Peng, Powineergy can fully enjoy downstream demand elasticity on the part of the company, while further family expansion can be achieved through demonstration effects, followed by accelerated release of productive capacity on the side of the gate, construction of the Heezhou base, and the company's battery product is expected.
In order to achieve full release, we expect that in 2022, the product of the three-dollar soft package will be 10 gwh or so, that the three-dimensional square will be more than 1 gwh, and that the combined output of the power/storagelfp battery will be expected to reach 16 gwh or more.
Technology advantage + capacity expansion + industry chain ecological construction, with medium- and long-term capacity continuously upwards. We believe that under the current strategic initiative of technological excellence, rapid expansion of production capacity, and dynamic construction of the industry chain ecology, the company has become a feature of the world’s first-line lithium pole. (1) Technology excellence.
The company has a wide-ranging and more market-oriented layout of its product lines: the company has a layout on every technology line, and in its early years it has been able to access a high-quality customer system abroad with three-dollar soft packages. At this stage, the firm rectangular system of lithium + large cylinders takes into account storage capacity.
Two major markets with different levels of passenger vehicles have been recognized by high-quality customers, both within and outside the country, through technological advantages.
Upward, company storage batteries are expected to rely on high-quality customer release; (2) high-speed expansion of production capacity matches downstream demand: the company plans to build 152.61 gwh industrial park projects at the gate and is actively engaged in deep layouts in Yunnan and Chengdu, and we expect the company's combined capacity at the end of 2022/2023.
(3) Continuous construction of the industrial chain ecology: the company has locked in high-quality production capacity and favourable marketing conditions through equity participation, joint ventures, etc., and the resource base has been deployed with a nickel capacity of 10-20 million tons and a lithium salt capacity of more than 120,000 tons: raw materials have been associated with Bettray, Defonami, Entje shares, etc.
Prospective earnings and financial indicators:
In the middle and long term, we're going up to the Academy.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.