In mid-2022, Lithium 1000014 was reported as the event: Lithium billion was able to release its semi-annual report for 2022, and received $14,926 million in the first half of 2022.
The 2022q2 battalion maintained high growth and increased profitability. The 2022h1 company achieved a revenue of 149.26 billion yuan, an increase of 127.54 per cent in the same year, and a net profit to the mother of 1,359 million yuan, a decline of 9.08 per cent in the same year.
The power and battery lines are multi-faceted, and the business is growing rapidly. In the context of the booming carbon-neutral, new-energy vehicles and energy-storage industries, the demand for power storage batteries is rising rapidly, with company operations at 2022h1 generating $10,262 million, an increase of 163,76 per cent.
(b) In the storage market, the company has been working with major domestic telecommunications operators, communications facility flagships, multi-terrestrial power grid companies in areas such as communications storage capacity and power grid side packages, and has been able to break down household and business storage.
At present, the company is one of the most important players in the storage market. The power storage battery capacity has been steadily advanced, with the construction of a three-dimensional, three-dimensional, three-dimensional battery line with square phosphate.
And now, the company is one of the leading manufacturers of three-dollar cylinder battery technology in the country, leading the country to complete the layout of a series of 46-dollar-high-energy cylinder battery products, and gaining the approval of a large number of top-class cars in the country and abroad, which are expected to release capacity next year.
The consumer battery business grew 70% on the same basis. The consumer battery business maintained a leading position in several market segments. The 2022h1 consumer battery business generated $4,622 billion, an increase of 73.08% from the previous year. The main reason was the clear competitive advantage of the primary lithium battery with a leading market position, the market.
Shares are stable; consumer lithium batteries focus on the strategic performance of large customers and new markets are expanding well; cylinders of batteries expand further as new plants are built and put into production, and production is phased in to meet customers’ needs. Upstream layouts will be gradually reflected in value.
Swe, Hua-Yo Cobalt, En-Tai, Central Electric, New Zeus State, Kim Kullen, Kawa Energy Power and Hing-Hing Energy have formed joint ventures to actively deploy positive materials, negative materials, diaphragms, electrolyte, and upstream resources such as nickel, cobalt, lithium, which will help safeguard the public as upstream production continues.
Supply chain stability, reducing the impact of volatile prices of raw materials on the cost of products, and upgrading corporate investment proposals: maintaining recommended ratings. Corporate technology routes and product lines are complete, leading the industry in the field of batteries, and production capacity is steadily expanding, and upstream layouts are expected to facilitate cost control.
Unexpectedly leading to a downside risk of demand; increased risk from competition in the market; new products and new technologies; 300 indexes for the “market index” of this rating system.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.