The power reserves continue to add up, the cylindrical surge is imminent, the net profit to the mother is 1,359 million, a decline of 9.08 per cent, and the net profit to the non-repatriate to the mother is 1,194 million, \triangleright
2.46 pct. q1 End-of-the-cycle pricing mechanisms that are largely price-connected with all customers, accompanied by power and storage batteries: cubic lithium batteries drive rapid growth. Company power cell business \triangleright
On the other hand, the production capacity of the phosphate lithium batteries at Huezhou Lake Lake 2022H1 has been stabilized, and the second phase of the phosphate lithium battery project is under construction. The company completed the layout of the product of the 46-mega cylinders, the first of which was a system for autonomous development of the 46-series large cylinder batteries.
In terms of storage energy, companies collaborate with leading companies in areas such as communications storage and grid-side distribution. Consumer batteries: cylindrical output is further enhanced.
This represents a steady market share for lithium primary batteries, a concentrated consumption of lithium ion batteries, large customers, a significant increase in the production capacity of cylindrical batteries. The company ' s 13th plant extension project has a capacity of 750 million in the postnatal years, 300 ppm in efficiency, and 1.5 billion in the total production of small cylinder batteries.
Susmore International: The overseas market is going well. 20221 Smore International has achieved operating income of 56.50 billion, a decrease of 18.7 per cent in the same year, adjusted net profits of $1.44 billion, a decrease of 51.9 per cent in the same year.
High-speed growth; on the domestic front, companies are in the process of developing fogging delivery devices; risk factors: new energy vehicle needs are not as high as expected; risk of changes in lithium battery technology; original \triangleright
Super-expected risk of price fluctuations in materials; environmental protection and safe production risks, etc.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry, and the voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the photovoltaic sector.
Hu Ying, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, formerly Research Assistant for the Sports and Mechanical Engineering Team, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry, formerly one Assistant for Research in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Economic Analysis at Sydney University, Bachelor of Financial Science at Nakayama University, 2022
Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the new power systems and electrical equipment industry. Chen Jie, member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, and was responsible for the lithium electric materials industry. Sun Rang, member of the team, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.