Performance meets expectations, and corporate profits led to a significant growth in \triangleright 22 q2 performance.
On the one hand, the company's investment returns are about $175 million.
\triangleright Moore has contributed about $271 million in investment returns, and the return on the investment in lithium salt has been affected by the unfinished business register, counting only 13 per cent, which will rise to 49 per cent in the future; on the other hand, the company has reached a cost with its client at 22q1
Research assistant Lee Kyung-ho, a price-combined mechanism, was implemented in 22q2 and the profitability ring was significantly better than repair. Productive capacity continued to grow, with three-dimensional squares and large cylinders coming out.
\triangleright 10gwh, phosphate lithium cell capacity 24gwh, expected to produce 80gwhh by the end of the year, up to Research Assistant Ribbon
The ratio of post-partum power cells to storage cells is around 1:1; the square trio function currently stands at 2.5gwh, pre-ss010122060007, completed at the end of the 10gwh, and q3 will be tested for production; for large cylinder batteries, the company is at the gate.
Supply chain cooperation projects are steadily moving forward, helping to ease cost pressures. Companies are deeply tied to many upstream firms, locking in demand through joint ventures, long sheets, etc., and are controlled in Qinghai, Tibet, Yunnan, Hunan, Chengdu.
In the form of a multi-dimensional layout of your lithium resources, which includes 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate in the gold-sea lithium industry, a 22-year quarterly review of the rapid expansion of lithium + large cylinders, a 1,000-ton lithium chloride project expected to be completed in the second half of the year, q4 starting to climb the slope, and next year q1 and q2 producing.
Lithium primary battery operations are stable, and cylinder batteries are actively expanding. Lithium primary battery operations are a company's traditional niche, with a stable market share; more than double the production capacity of cylinder batteries came into operation in April this year, with 1.5 billion units currently in production.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.