The stock of herds (002714) is profitable and the cost advantage is stable to the south-west securities research and development centre.
(b) The prices of raw pig sales have risen on a year-on-year basis, and according to company sales bulletins, the average unit selling price of 22q4 was estimated to be $22.7 per kilogram, compared to an annual average of $17.8 per kilogram.
Rapidly rising to around $28/kg, followed by a consistent return in December 22, due to a weak demand and a weak pig price, and by the end of January 23, the extra pig price was $14.67/kg, slightly lower than the cost line for farming.
By the end of 2022, according to the National Statistical Office, there were 43.9 million hogs, slightly higher than the production capacity to regulate the green and reasonable regional ceilings.
There is a rapid expansion, without the need to outsource orders and other intermediates, to avoid the expansion of the ceiling resulting from the number of high-quality farmers or professional fertility farms, and to achieve a complete industrial chain encompassing scientific research, feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commercial pig breeding, and pig slaughter.
In terms of competitiveness: forage, the company produces independently and farmed capacity is distributed mainly in the main food-producing areas, allowing for near-centralized harvesting of raw food, stable supply, and lower procurement costs; in terms of personnel management, the company has a well-established standardized system for linking workers ' salaries to production in the field, and the cost of farming is lower than that of other enterprises in the industry.
In the future, the advantages will continue to grow. The herdsmen, on the other hand, attach great importance to the efficiency of farming, the advantages of a modern and intelligent pighouse, the improvement of the farming system, the survival of pigs, the unintelligent control of the pighouse environment, the automatic identification of pigs for their health, the equipment of welfare farming facilities, and bio-safety and engineering prevention of pigs' farms, among other things.
In addition to building projects related to the expansion of pig production capacity, the company has been extended from farming to downstream slaughtering operations and, as a close-to-the-ground package for large-scale livestock-raising enterprises, 1.9 billion of the funds that can be transferred to raise money will be invested in slaughtering projects, with an estimated increase in slaughter capacity of 13 million head/year.
Non-public distribution of a share to raise $6 billion to supplement liquidity and optimize the financial structure to strengthen companies.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.