The Tupou Group (601689.sh) reported a net profit of 628 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 37.7 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 574 million yuan in the non-repatriation of the mother, a net profit of Cao Xuant.
q4 net interest rate is higher than expected by 2020, when profits are gradually released. (As a result of the change in accounting standards, companies account for $197 million in transport and storage costs as operating costs, which have a greater impact on the company ' s Māori rate and sales cost rate, and for comparison purposes the following analysis re-records this portion of the cost back to sales costs)
The decline in the Māori rate was mainly due to slower growth in the first half of the year, higher depreciation amortization ratios, higher net interest rates, higher rates of interest, higher sales/management/R & D/financial costs, higher exchange rate losses, higher sales/management/R & D/fiscal rates, higher operating income per company q1-q4 on a quarterly basis as a result of high year-round growth.
The figure is 1,208 million yuan, 1.75 billion yuan, or 2,192 million yuan, and the corresponding increase is expected to be further lower - the amortization ratio is expected to drop further, turning the promotion of the company ' s Māori ratio upwards, while the company ' s four cost rates are tied to Tesla ' s co-growth and yield.
In 2021, exports to Europe and the Asia-Pacific region are expected to remain productive throughout the year. The modely-type Chinese market, with a hot order, is in short supply, and it is expected that sales throughout the year will be largely dependent on production capacity. We measure a total of about 460,000 motor3/y sold by the Texla Shanghai factory throughout the year in 2021, an increase of the same year.
217%, Tesla will be the company’s top client in 2021, with a projected 40%. Looking ahead, Tesla’s European Berlin factory, Texas factory in the United States, is coming into operation, there is a huge potential for sales growth, and the public department, as Tesla’s core supplier, will be co-located over the long term.
Traditional owners, downstream customers covering mainstream domestic and foreign car manufacturers, leading the market share, growing production capacity, steadily releasing the 2021 harvest period and further strengthening its leader position, will continue to contribute steadily to the firm’s performance.
The system programme is designed with the ability to measure the six main processes, produce a full product, and have a significant competitive advantage,2 and the Topper Group company is rated: q4 Profit Release Super Company is currently well-placed, and light-quantified chassis operations are in harvest period.
Products such as heat pump air conditioners, electro-inflated valves, electro-water valves, electro-water pumps, gas separators, etc., are now moving rapidly to the market, and companies are trying to become an overall programme provider for a car heat management system.
Human logistics vehicles are targeted and are being developed in parallel with multiple host plant collaborative projects, which are expected to produce progressively by 2022, and smart drivers are expected to become new growth points for companies. At the same time, smart network trends have led to a shift in the focus of R & D inputs towards software, and the shift in hardware R & D responsibilities from suppliers to corporate products.
The productivity utilization rate has not improved as expected, downstream customers have not sold as much as expected, heat management research and development has not been developed as expected, upstream raw materials have increased prices, and there is a shortage of chips in the automobile industry. Guo Tao, a Master ' s degree from Shanghai Transport University, was employed at the Shanghai Automobile Group Technology Centre and joined the Port Shin securities in August 2020.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.