Tupou Group High performance growth, hit tier 0.5 vendor Mother net profit of $630 million, 37.7 per cent more than the previous year; revenue per share of $0.60 is proposed to be distributed among 10 shares
The company is investing in a supply chain model of tier0.5, with a substantial increase in the value of its products, coupled with the expansion of new customers, the expansion of their capacity to boost their performance and development prospects. Our q4 income growth is high, and our performance is up to expectations.
Decline, but the negative growth in corporate income of 21.5 per cent is far better than the industry, with shock absorbers, interiors, 3.6 pct, mainly due to transportation costs and storage charges factored into operating costs. Sales costs decreased by 56.8 per cent, due to major accounting standard adjustments; management costs increased by 1.5 per cent and cost controls were effective; and research and development costs were well managed.
The increase of 12.9 per cent is mainly due to increased material and depreciation amortization as a result of increased research and development inputs; increased financial costs, mainly due to increased exchange losses; and a decrease of 4.0 pct in four rates. Income growth, gross interest rates and lower cost rates, resulting in a significant increase of 37.7 per cent in net profit from maternity throughout the year, which is expected to benefit from Tesla.
At the top of clients, q4 company revenue grew by 37.6%, with four rates falling, and the Māori rate, respectively, investing in the supply chain mode of tier0.5, with a significant increase in the value of the product. In the trend of electricization, intelligence, and so on, the company's investment in the supply chain model of tier0.5 is expected to be even closer to the whole garage.
The company's vision and strategy for 2+3 industries, the traditional Nvh shock mitigation system and the domestic share of the entire car acoustic suite have been ahead of the harvest for many years, with continuous deployment of smart driving, heat tubes, and light-quantified chassis systems.
New energy heat management has successfully developed products such as heat pump air conditioners, electro-inflated valves, and electro-water pumps, which are moving rapidly to the market. Light-quan chassis can provide products including co-cars, hangers, transitions, etc.
The company’s new products have a large number of layouts, a single-car value of up to $15,000 and a gradual increase in the value of the vehicle, and its development prospects are promising. The new customers are expanding, and their capacity is expanding to boost their performance.
At the production level, the company is moving rapidly into the Toyota, Honda, and the Ningpoang district production bases.
Construction, with an additional 1,500 acres of land achieving basic intent to provide a good basis for long-term growth of the company.The Top Group: Growth in Productive Capability, ricket Values, Taking into account the successful expansion of the company ' s products and clients, we adjusted our performance projections to anticipate the company ' s performance.
Good Futures for Uplifting: The Top Group: An Employable Income Growth Performance, New Product 1) A dramatic drop in vehicle sales; 2) A failure to expand new business as expected; and 3) A failure to release productive capacity.
Tupou Group: 20q1 performed better than expected, and it is expected that Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. will qualify for portfolio investment consultancy.