The Bank of Episodes (601166): The hard work of planning and approving sales affects short-term profits, especially in the long-term - the Bank of Episode 2019.
The Bank was established in August 1988 in Fujian Province. It was established with the approval of the State Council and the People's Bank of China. The Bank published a 1h19 report on 27 August: 35.880 billion yuan in net return profits, yoy + 6.6 per cent of the camp;
The net profit of 1h19 increased by 6.6 per cent from the year to year, at a moderate rate, representing a significant increase in the reserve withdrawal (1h19 asset impairment loss, 72.1 per cent from year to year). The rate of increase of 1h19ppop from year to year was closer to the real income level, with a 25.4 per cent increase.
Maintained at a higher level, largely benefiting from steady growth in size and wide spreads in net interest rates. The net difference is mainly due to lower-than-year interest rates on inter-operability liabilities, lower cost of indebtedness, optimized asset structure (credit/total assets, loan/loan ratio) and flat rate of return on assets. 1H19 net interest differentials of 2.0 per cent, compared with an increase of 22bp.
The rate of growth of the ppop is slowing, and net interest differentials are expected to drop slightly or slightly. 2-quarters per quarter and 1-quarter increase per quarter. Total equity/currenta shares (in thousands) show a decline, mainly due to the weakening of positive contribution margins below the cost of inter-operability liabilities and the accumulation of new loan margins at the end of assets
The ratio of deposits to interest-bearing liabilities has been met, and liquidity indicators have been regulated.
At the end of June, the negative rate was 1.56 per cent, with a decline of 1 bp;
At the end of June, the loan allocation ratio was 3.02%, the investment-type asset allocation rate was 2.6%, the full-calibre provision was well covered, the risk offset capacity was strong, and there was much room for profit.
In the broader context of an integrated approach to indirect + direct financing for public and private financial services, the Breathing Bank actively pursues the Brethren Plus strategy with a strategic, forward-looking and long-term perspective. Taking into account the institution of corporate mechanisms, which is highly marketed and strategically implemented, and continues to take a positive view of corporate strategic advancement and further tightening of the customer base.
East Hing Securities Co., Report (601166): Strong planning and write-offs affect short-term profits, more to the long-term.
Figure 1: Higher rate of growth of boom banks, higher rate of growth of boom bank deposits, higher share of interest-bearing liabilities, better quality of boom bank assets
Figure 4: Low write-off disposal by the Heung Bing Bank, 2013-2018.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECS) reported that Engye Bank (601166): aggressive planning and write-off affect short-term profits, especially in the long term
A forward-looking investment analysis by the Research and Banking Unit.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies