Government subsidies have significantly increased their performance and are expected to grow rapidly throughout the year - half-yearly review by mid-air Shen Fei (600,760) in 2020
The net profit of the mother now stands at $849 million, an increase of 97.07 per cent over the previous year, with a significant increase in the performance of Roe, who received a government subsidy, which is close to last year, mainly due to a government subsidy of $409 million.
With $5,886 million in revenue, a decrease of 5.06 per cent in the same year; with 251 million yuan in net profit returns, an increase of 7.89 per cent in the same year. The Division continued to increase its investment in R & D during the company period. In terms of profit margins, the M & D rate was 9.01 per cent, an increase of 0.47 pt over the same period last year; roe fc-31 was expected to be strong and expected to be phased out in the future.
On January 12, 2018, the company officially changed its name to “Silf China”, marking the successful completion of the Shen Fei Group as a whole. The company’s core products include three-and-a-half-generation aircraft, such as heavy-duty aircraft-11, aircraft-15, heavy-duty bombers-16, and four-generation aircraft fc-31. According to the New Wave military report, based on the fc-31 model displayed in the Paris air show, it can be assumed that
It has been replaced with a new engine that will contribute to its performance as a carrier. In addition to the ship-to-ship expectations, we believe that the future foreign trade potential of fc-31 is equally to be expected.
\triangleright, World Air Force, shows that the ratio of three and four generations of our fighter planes is only 42%, well below the 78% share of the United States Army. According to the latest White Paper, China’s Defense of the New Age, our share of the cost of equipment to the defence force has increased.
By 41%, and in the future, it will accelerate the phase-out of old equipment and the loading of new major equipment. The company’s performance is expected to grow rapidly in the future, benefiting from the need for three or four generations of aircraft to change.
Shen Fei’s future profit rate, as a sculptor company, is likely to continue to rise. The company is the country’s main sculptor supplier, benefiting from the gradual build-up of future military aircraft, and we look forward to its long-term development.
A summary evaluation of Shen Fei China (600,760) reports: Balanced delivery continues to move forward with steady annual growth over time Comparing the average per87x of companies to maintain a “recommended” rating.
A summary of the assessment of Shen Fei in China (600,760): Balance: military aircraft installed at a slower rate than expected; government support at a lower rate than expected. Delivery results are significant and steady growth is expected throughout the year.
4. An overview of Shen Fei (600,760) from China ' s financial statements: significant efforts to promote balanced production, and Shen Fei ' s performance stability
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.