Quite a steady growth trend, with the third – 2024 and 2025q1 performance ratings in the industry: Shanxi Wine Proclamation 2024 and 2025q1. The company achieved a revenue of 36 billion in 2024.
Shanxi wine (60809.sh) has achieved faster performance growth, with earnings in the third place and profits in the first place. The company’s target operating income for 2025 continues to grow robustly. In the case of 2025q1, take into account each.
Liu Lei-jin thinks that 2025 q1 has achieved a steady opening red. The product structure is robust: a product of 26.5 billion yuan in mid-2024, compared to the same amount.
In 2024, other alcohol revenues were $9.3 billion, or +9.4 per cent, of which sales were equal to + 4.8 per cent, and ton prices to + 4.4 per cent, while bogus products were still in a market of undersupply, and companies maintained controlled investments.
Intra- and intra-provincial structural upgrading driven by steady nationalization: Sub-regions, in 2024, corporate revenue in the province stood at 13.5 billion, e.g., consumption in some of the feast scenes replaced by old white cynics. In 2024, out-provincial income grew faster than in-provincial, with an out-of-provincial income increase of 2025q1 slightly lower than in-provincial (in-provincial terms).
+7.2%, the intra-provincial ratio + 8.7%, which we consider to be a short-term quarterly performance, and we expect to continue to increase at a faster rate than within the province throughout the year. The extra-provincial income is driven by the long triangle, the smooth growth of the bead triangle, and the expected old white-collar nationalization at the product level will also help.
Taxes and surcharges make a larger contribution to income –1.8 pct, and the Māori ratio +0.9 pct shows a relative depth of 300 per cent due to the product. We see that the company ' s 2025 product matrix continues to expand upwards and steady.
[Galactic Eating] The company evaluates the short-term rhythm fluctuations and the potential for development is not personally committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the present report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than the present report.