22q4 profitable repairs in the Ninder era, new battery technologies and overseas market orders are expected to open up new growth space
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
Annual performance in 2022, published in the Ninder era: $328.6 billion in 2022, better than the big city outperform htiesg.
Ninder confirms that its third generation of ctp technical radium batteries have been produced in quantities, and that it is expected to start increasing the volume of its output, giving the company a new opportunity to increase its mscdiesg rating over the long term.
An aryl 009 vehicle type with thorium batteries is expected to be delivered in the second quarter of this year; thorium batteries rmb977.45bn/us $141.96bn completely disassembly the layout of the module, with a volume utilization rate of 72 per cent, up from ctp1.0
We $799.16mn 17pcts, re-route miles over 1,000 km. The americium battery's first large-surface cooling technology can reduce the temperature of the core by 50%, with a 5-minute hot start and 10 minutes faster.
Recharge; in extreme cases, the core cools at an extreme speed, effectively avoiding irreversible damage from the abnormal temperature of the battery rm563.50-rmb 365.50, overall enhancement of the life and safety of the core; built-in micro-bridge connection
Pricereturn-mscicchina adheres to the two-way "power plus storage" route, has a strong leader and is expected to maintain a high yield.
Long. Twenty-two years of battery output, an increase of 116.6 per cent, with power cell output of 242gwh, an increase of 107 per cent, global power cell cities of about 37 per cent, an increase of 4 pct, and storage battery output of 57gwh, a global energy battery market of about 43 per cent.
5 pct. We expect power cell output to exceed 320 gwh in 23 years, storage battery output to exceed 90 gwh. Moreover, we estimate the company's 22-year battery business sheet wh profit of 0.08, 23 years with the price of upstream raw materials and the self-supporting portion of lithium carbonate, batteries.
Volume’s unit profits are expected to rise. Assuming the price of lithium carbonate falls to 270,000 yen per tonne, we measure that the cost of the chip wh is down by about 0.19.
The expansion of the overseas market of the company's new business is expected to open up new opportunities for growth. Ninder and Hgp, Inc., have entered into an agreement to supply 450 mwh of battery storage facilities.
The two sides will establish a long-term partnership to facilitate the landing of 5gwh utilities and distributed storage facilities to meet the growing demand for renewable energy in Texas, United States.
In addition, the company has launched a global strategy with the United States Ford Motors.
(rmmmn) Full distribution of eps
(rmb) Yang Binbinyang $p$p$p$p$$p$$p$$$$p$p
Global brands of the securities research teams of the other members of the International Securities Group, members of the International Seaton Securities Group, licensed in their respective jurisdictions, have: the companyyannounces 2022annualreport, achievingrevenueof328.6billionyuan, p152.1 per cent year-on-year; netprofit
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
It's 17 pcschherthanctp1.0, and the cruisingrangeexeeds 1000km.kirinbettertypioneedthelarge-areacoolingtechnology minutesandfastchargin 10minutes.extrecases, thebettercellecoldenexremeqickly, irvertivelyaviding irververversedamagecausedbyabnormalbattermymperature, andimprovingthelifeofthebettercellasawle.
"Power+energystowerage" with thebreathingofthebettertycell, tomprovethelife cycleofthebetterty.
Expectedtomatichhighgroth.in2022Bettertyshipswere289gwh, ayear-on-yearrincreaseof 116.6%.thepower batteryshipswere 242gwh, 107%.theglobalpowerpottiesharawasabout 37%, an increaseof4pt.theshipoffenergenystoesterieswas57gwh, andtheglobalbarmersetshareofergenerstotechsteries
I mean, I've never been there before, since 43% of the time, aye-on-yearrincreaseof5pct. Webredthatpowerbettertyshipsin2023areexpecatedtoexeexed 320gwh, andertystettertyshipssystemtedextextextextexed90gwh.inaddition, weestimatatthecompany'sprofitperwh of thebatteryin2022is0.08yuan.in2023, with the primelineofstreamactionofstreamactionsandpartiself-supplyoflife
The company's overseasmarketbusinesscontinuestouxpand, whichissexedtoopenupnewgrovethspace.catled atuplyagretionfora 450mwenerystorepageprojectwithhgp, batteryenergysprojectprojectdevelopment
The company has also reached 7.5 gwhithshousewergystefundund, abritishnewenergyinvetortorund,
And therecooperatedwithmanycompaniesintheted statestoprovideenerderstoreceptorproducts.inadddion, the companyhaslaunchedaglobalstratetectoperationwiththefordmotorcompaniststatestatejointlypromote the develactmentoffelectricvehiperpowermenties.
I don't know, overseasmarketsareexpedtoupnewgrovethspace. ourtargetpriceof636yuancorrespondsto 35x2023peandwe maintainan "outperform"
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but...