The Nind era contemporaryemperextechnology (300,750ch) 23q1 performed well beyond expectations, battery core technology co-located, power and storage power driven by growth of 1q23 profitsfarbeat, battytechimplementedandpower-storagerealizedrapidgroveth
Q1 performance in 2023 : 89.38 billion yuan in revenues from 23q1 .
Better than the big market ' s outperform non-net profit of $7.80 billion, an increase of 698.4 per cent in the same year; at the rush of falling prices of raw materials, htiesg
The core of the americium battery technology has been successfully realized, sodium ion cells and new condensed cell technology has been applied at speed.
Cars; 4c fast-filled americium batteries will match the ideal first-ever pure-trailer model. On April 16, Nin rmb942.52bn/us $136.62bn D announced that sodium ion batteries would fall in Chiríc ice cream vehicle (a0 class) with energy density.
In addition, Ninder United Chirre publishes the emer-q battery brand, layouts, sodium batteries, m3p, lithium phosphate, and tri-dollar lithium.
Day, the Ninder era released a condensed cell with a single energy density of up to 500wh/kg, with innovative technologies such as high-powered biocondensed fusion electrolytes, super-high positives, new negative-polar discharge properties, combined with a battery with a high-energy + high-safety double-optimal properties.
A wide range of scenes, including civil electric manned aircraft and a version of the Condensed Vehicle Standard Application, could be produced this year. The two-way "power-plus-power" route has increased dramatically, the overseas layout has accelerated, and the global tap is being made.
23q1. We predict 65-70gwh of Ninder power cells, and 10-15gwh of storage batteries. Ninder speeds up the deployment of overseas capacity, the production of industrial plants in the state of Turingen, Germany. The company also continues to engage with Ford, Honda and BMW companies to step up overseas.
Client collaboration. According to Sneresearch, 25.5gwh in January-February 2023, Ningde accounted for about 34 per cent of the global output of power cells; and 122.2gwh in 2022, Ningde accounted for about 43 per cent of the global lead.
The company's capacity to go to stock has increased, costs have slowed down over time, and investment + other gains have increased, resulting in a much higher than expected performance of 2301. We predict that 2301 Nender will deliver more than production, adding up to the upstream raw material procurement cycle, effectively increasing the rate of going to stock and releasing stock price falls.
At the same time, rapid corporate development has had a significant scale effect, leading to a substantial reduction in the cost rate during the period, with 10 per cent for the period of 2301, a 0.9 per cent decline over the same period, with R & D, discretionary gains and government grant funds.
The fall led to the company's Māori upgrade, the gradual landing of new battery technologies and new orders in overseas markets (+6%) and the maintenance of a “better than the big market” rating.