The non-ferrous and rare metal iii lithium mining project was successfully operational and profitable. Lithium product operations continued to grow and lithium battery operations declined: by branch, lithium product collected 10.73.
Billion dollars, an increase of 24.31 per cent in the same year, and Māori 43.47 per cent, an increase of 2.74 pct. The company's lithium metal company collected $328 million, an increase of 46.46 per cent, and Māori 35.44 per cent, an increase of 0.13 pct. Lithium batteries and their materials.
The company’s lithium product business continued to grow, benefiting from a sustained recovery in product prices and from the company’s lithium mining project. > The lithium mining project was successfully launched and profitability significantly improved: the company’s 43.1% shareholding of the Australian Rim
The smtmarion lithium mine project, which was successfully launched in February of this year. The 17h1 project has been transferred cumulatively to the company, holding 17.5 per cent of the Canadian lithium industry and 4.84 per cent of the Australian pilbara, 100 per cent of the Jiangxi lithium industry, 80 per cent of the Argentine Mariana halo-water mine and the Irish avalonia lithium quartz mine.
Fifty-five per cent of the stockholdings, and the company has resolved the raw material bottlenecks in development, achieved full self-sufficiency of resources, and significantly improved the profitability of lithium products. Production of lithium products continued to expand, with the introduction of solid lithium batteries in the talent configuration: the company produced about 12,000 lithium hydroxide.
In tonnes/year, lithium products of halowater produce about 9,000 tonnes/year, and lithium metal about 1,500 tonnes/year. As of mid-June, about 1,600 tonnes of lithium carbonate in batteries and 2,800 tonnes of lithium hydroxide in batteries have been produced through ores.
Construction of the 600 million watt-hour lithium batteries, 1.5wt battery-grade lithium carbonate and 2wt lithium hydrohydroxide projects; in addition, the lithium industry: the whole industry chain layout has grown significantly, and the company is also investing in the construction of the 1,000t/year butyl lithium and 1000t/year lithium chloride relocation project and 3.4wt/yearly used
Lithium Batteries Integrated Recovery Project, with 175,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year under intensive construction. The company introduced the titanium industry: 15 years net profit from the mother increased by 41.59 per cent, the Ministry of Science and Technology's “full solid lithium ion storage battery”, the head of the national “863” project, the Chinese Academy of Science and Technology's nanoschip.
The research team of Dr. Hsiao-hoon, a dedicated long-duration power cell project leader, seeks to make a real investment in solid-state lithium batteries.
During the first half of 2017, the company realized an improvement of 1.62 billion yuan, an increase of 21.00 per cent over the previous year, resulting in a net profit of 607 million yuan for the mother, and an improvement in the cost of running a business of 1.42 per cent, 3.61 per cent, 1.59 per cent, 4.07 per cent and 2.31 per cent respectively for the company ' s 17h1 sales costs, management costs, and financial costs.
ii. Accommodating upstream and downstream development, with continued expectations that performance will continue to exceed expectations (i) mtmarion lithium can be released, resource bottlenecks resolved, raw materials completely self-sustaining: 43.1% of Australian Rim shares mtmarion
The lithium mine project, which was successfully launched in February of this year, has delivered a cumulative total of 79,000 tons of lithium concentrate to the project, a fifth batch of 5wt pilbara 4.84 per cent equity, a 100 per cent share in the Jiangxi lithium industry, an 80 per cent share in the mariana halogen mine in Argentina and 55 per cent in the Irish avalonia lithite mine. The company has resolved the raw material bottlenecks in development and has achieved its full resource ownership.
According to the sub-business, the company collected $1,073 million, an increase of 24.31 per cent, the Māori rate of 43.47 per cent, and the Māori rate of 46.46 per cent, the Māori rate of 35.44 per cent, an increase of 0.13 pct.
The decline in the company’s lithium battery business was mainly due to the sub-company, Al-Bay, which had experienced two fires for 16 years, and to the fact that the company’s performance had been compensated for and generated significant investment returns. The company’s lithium product business continued to grow, benefiting from a sustained recovery in product prices, and from the company’s lithium mining project.
(ii) Increased production capacity of lithium products with a fixed-state lithium battery The production capacity of lithium hydroxide is about 12,000 tonnes/year, of lithium halogenated water products is about 9,000 tonnes/year, and of lithium metal is about 1,500 tonnes/year. As of mid-June, the production of lithium carbonate in batteries was about 1,600 tonnes, and of lithium hydroxide in batteries was about 2,800 tonnes.
Tons, the company’s lithium products have been sold in full due to the high downstream demand. The company proposes to raise $928 million in revolving debt to build 600 million watt-hours of lithium batteries, 1.5wt battery-grade lithium carbonate and 2wt single-water lithium hydroxide projects; in addition, the company is investing in the construction of 1,000 t/tiki lithium relocation projects and 1,000 t/year lithium chlorination projects and the 3.4wt/year-old lithium battery integrated recovery project, which produces 17.5 million per year.
The ton battery-grade lithium carbonate project is also under intensive construction. The semi-annual report reveals that the company has introduced scientific teams such as the Ministry of Science and Technology’s “all-solid lithium ion storage cells” and the National Project Manager for 863, and Dr. Hsiao-hoon Xiao, the director of the nanosenior Long-Range Battery, in the Chinese Academy of Science, in an effort to achieve a breakthrough in the area of solid lithium batteries.
The introduction of the company lithium mining project has improved the cost of products, the continued expansion of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide, which has contributed to sustained growth in the company ' s performance, the risk of a new energy vehicle policy,3 and significant fluctuations in the prices of raw materials.
4. Unsatisfactory roll-out of new energy vehicles, summary of financial statement forecasts and valuation data