Upstream resources are gradually sufficient and downstream smelting is accelerating the expansion of production The lithium industry (002460) has assessed production and sales steadily increasing corporate performance: the amount of non-recurring corporate gains and losses in the first half of the year
Larger, mainly due to investment gains of $185 million from the company’s completion of the repurchase and cancellation of Li Wanchun’s shares and the receipt of government grants. After the company’s withdrawal in the first half of the year, 30% of the net return profit grew mainly from the company’s lithium quartz raw materials in the mtmarion mine.
There should be a stabilization of the sales of the company ' s lithium salt products. By the ring, the net profit from the company ' s withholding in the second quarter grew by 112.58%. On the one hand, the increase in the company ' s sales in the second quarter and on the other hand, the financial and management costs derived from the company ' s second quarter.
In the middle of 2017, in the non-ferrous metal industry, the calculation company ' s net return profit performance for the third quarter was guided by $340-583 million, together with the high-performance industry and company analysis.
The net return profit is 22.30-109.71% higher than the net return profit after the quarterly deduction. In the context of continued strong demand, the price of lithium carbonate is expected to rise in three or four quarters and the company will continue to enjoy it in the second half of the year.
A pattern of rising volume prices, with more certainty in performance growth. Upstream raw material supplies are gradually adequate, and resource development plans are steadily moving forward: the mtmarion lithium mine, which accounts for 400,000 tons of total capacity, was successfully launched in February this year and accumulated as of mid-June.
Supplying 79,000 tons of lithium concentrate. The mine is expected to reach the original 400,000 tons by the end of this year.
It acquired 4.84 per cent of the shares of the Australian company Pilbara and 17.5 per cent of the Lithium American industry, and will be granted the right to package part of the products of the Pilbara company ' s Pilgangoora lithium mining project, which includes a phase of 160,000 tons of lithium concentrate and a second phase of 75,000 tons of lithium concentrate.
In addition, on the upstream end of the resource base, the company also has 100 per cent equity in the Jiangxi lithium industry, 55 per cent of the Irish avalonia lithium quartz mine and 80 per cent of Argentina ' s Mariana halo-water mine. Overall, the company ' s upstream resources are abundant for the company ' s future through the distribution of its mineral resources at home and abroad this year.
The smelting and processing capacity is expanding faster, and the lithium industry chain is becoming clearer: the company’s growing lithium resources are also naturally increasing at the end of the smelting process, mainly in terms of increasing production.
Construction and proposed construction projects include: 20,000 tons of lithium monohydroxide project, expected to be fully produced in the fourth quarter of 2017; 1,000 tons of lithium benzyl, expected to be produced in 2018; 17,500 tons of lithium carbonate-grade battery project, 600 million watt-hour high-volume lithium ion power cell project, 34000t/a
After completion of the project, the company ' s lithium salt production (lithium carbonate equivalent) is expected to reach the level of 780 tons and continue to consolidate the low position of the company ' s lithium salt tap, while the production of the power lithium battery project and the used battery recovery project will supplement the company ' s downstream leadership.
In the context of high downstream demand, the gradual implementation and commissioning of these projects will expand the lithium chain from two horizontal and vertical-dimensional assistive companies.
Based on the judgement of the high-growth cycle of the industry, and the favourable perception of corporate growth, we maintain that “risk factors increase: project output releases less than expected: downstream demand does not match expectations”