The non-ferrous metals are rare metals, and the lithium resources in the fabric, which decipher the top of the resource, have a net profit of $607 million, an increase of 118.36 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Lithium resource grabs, breaking the bottleneck of lithium resource. Lithium resource is the lifeline of lithium-processing companies, and companies actively explore upstream resource markets with multiple arrows. 43.1% of Australia ' s rim company ' s mtmarion lithium mining project, with an estimated annual yield, was successfully launched during the reporting period.
It will reach 400,000 tons of lithium quarries, and the acquisition of 13.8% of the shares in the rim has not yet taken place. The takeover has not yet been finalized, and the company is consulting with two other rim shareholders. If the acquisition succeeds, the company will achieve control of the rim.
17.5% of total equity/flow (million shares) and 4.84% of Australia's pilbara shares continue to widen the multi-moderate multi-channel supply of raw materials. In addition, the company owns 100% of Jiangxi Lithium and Jiangxi Lithium.
The 12-month maximum/minimum river-source lithium quartz mine has a reserve of 5,751 million tons of ore resources. Sqm, although it stopped the supply of halogened water, changed to a continued supply of industrial lithium carbonate at a price that is still based on halogenated water.
The public sector will also seek new resources on a global scale as the company’s production capacity increases and demand for raw materials increases.
The company is the only company in the country that owns both halogenated water lithium, lithium lithium lithium, and lithium cloud lithium. The capacity of halogenated carbonate lithium production is 9,000 tons, the capacity of ore lithium carbonate production is 15,000 tons, and Ning is expected to peak at 175,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate in the second half of 2018.
Production. Lithium hydroxide production capacity of 12,000 tons, new capacity of 20,000 tons, expected to start production after spring 2018, Qualifications Code: Part of the capacity will be used for the production of lithium carbonate. The total output of the company in 2017 was converted to carbonic acid.
The public layout power cell project continues to extend the industrial chain. The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Toshikata, invests in the construction of a new fully-automated polymer lithium battery production line, which invests in a new 600 million-watt-a-year production.
The high-capacity lithium ion power cell project is dominated by the phosphate lithium batteries in square aluminium casings. In addition, the company has also introduced Dr. Xiaochung’s team from the Ningbo material in the Middle Court of Science to conduct solid-state battery development, which offers a wide range of applications.
Investment proposals: New energy vehicles are defined growth industries that will continue to grow at a high rate over the next few years, demand for lithium resources will grow in tandem, lithium resources are in the phase of increasing volume prices, companies are laying lithium mining resources, cracking the top of the resource bottle
We give the company an "upper" rating.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report