Desai Siwi (002922.sz) High growth in the second quarter, sustained growth in the rate of Māori in smart driving, 60% increase in business earnings and 44% increase in net profit for mothers in the second quarter. Company 2022h1 achieved
The revenues of $6,407 million, representing an increase of 56.93 per cent in the same year, and net profit to the mother of $521 million, representing an increase of 40.96 per cent in the same year.In the closing quarter, the company achieved an increase of $3,266 million in 202, representing an increase of $60.00 per cent in the same year, and continued to grow in the size of its operating income, under the pressure of increased circular shocks, shortage of chips and higher prices of raw materials.
Mainly thanks to smart driving products, the size of smart cabin products, the rapid increase in the value of bicycles.
Growth in the core performance of incremental vehicles and incremental products. Growth in the performance of incremental vehicles and incremental products contributing to 2202, including the Great Wall/Toyota/Jili/Gigai/Biadi/New Power Pelican ideal, etc.
In July, sales continued to climb, with sales of 2022h1 reaching a volume of 33.233 million vehicles, of which p7 was in the same ratio as +82%; and the next two years' harvest is expected to continue at a steady pace. New customers continue to expand, new products are produced in an orderly manner, and shared partnerships are made to win.
New project orders with annual sales of more than $12 billion (of which smart driving is over $4 billion) have increased by more than 80% over the same year. In terms of product dimensions, smart cabins, the company's second-generation cabin controller has been working with a strategic car to build a smart car student.
Quantified production, third-generation smart space controllers rapidly climbing up the slope, fourth-generation smart cabin products are being developed closely and client orders have been obtained; in intelligent driving, the company's arithmetic autopilot domain, Dessehway (002920.sz) - Quarterly high growth in performance, with new projects scheduled for 2021
Control platform ipu03 has taken the lead in large-scale deliveries on Pap7 and p5 and is more automated.
The first three quarters of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the year will be marked by the rapid progress in the development of a new generation of a vehicle-borne, central computing platform, August 2022, with the release of a draft equity incentive for the third quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the first quarter of the second quarter of the year.
The company has signed a cooperation agreement with the Chang-An automobile to build a central computer product leading the industry and to promote the development and production of key computer-related components and quantities of products; on the smart network side, the Ota stand and software service products continue to overlap, and the uwb-based smart entry products have been ordered by clients.
Investment advice: maintain profit forecasts, maintain a buy-in rating. +72.47%. Smart driving continues to expand, and the Māori rate continues to rise with the same scale effect. Overall, 2021h1, under pressure from the shock of the epidemic, the shortage of chips, and higher prices of raw materials, companies collect.
The continued high scale of entry has largely benefited from the rapid growth in smart driving products, the size of smart cabin products, the value of one-stop shops, and the rapid upswing of new customers, new projects and sales after they have landed. The effectiveness of the implementation of corporate product strategies, customer strategies, and the transformation of research and development outcomes has been rapidly evident.
Figure 2: Business income in the first quarter of Dessahway and the rate of increase in the same year
Second, the increase in exchange losses has resulted in significant increases in financial costs (financial cost ratio ring + 0.67 pct).
R & D spending increased, with the cost ratio rising by 2022q2. 2022h1 at a rate of 14.5%, compared to the same rate, according to the Chinese AutoIndustries Association, 2022q2 was sold in 4.81 million vehicles in China, a decrease of 2.2% in the same year, while Desai Weiwei registered an increase of 60.0%, far higher than industry 62.2pct. Strong performance growth was largely beneficial.
On the one hand, at the stock end, the company’s first-largest performance in 2021 grew, either in the form of incremental cars or from the Great Wall, the high-voltaic population, Gilly, Ideas, etc.
We've been collating the new mainstream model of the Great Wall, Gilly, Biadey 2021-2022h1 and, since it was introduced in 2021, the sales of Biadi Qinplus have been on the rise, and the sale of Kirisong and the Great Wall has been on the rise.
K300 and Huff also maintained high sales for their first love, with Bialdi Qinplus, Gillisungi, 300 Wall tanks and 2022h1 sales for their first love, respectively, of 133,000 (same as +342 per cent), 57,000, 49,000 (same as +48 per cent), 19,000 (same as +37 per cent), and 2022q2 sales respectively, of 62,000 (same as +124 per cent),
With regard to the new power of car construction, Pelipu03 autopilot controllers have been produced on Pap5 and p7, while the next generation autopilot controller ipu04, based on the British darin chip, has been set for new power and the mainstream traditional car company's projects and is in a production-scale climb phase, and the company will see them.
Power to boost its fast-scale production. Pern/ideal 2022h1 deliveries are shown in figure 12: p5, p7, ideal one monthly sales (vehicle) in figure 11: delivery of 2021q1-2022q2 (vehicle) for the new power of car construction.
The electronics of the cabin are part of a core upgrade of smart cars, and the industry has great prospects for growth. The engine is a core electronic module of the cabin, a future interface for smart motors. In recent years, drivers have experienced an upgrade in content, quality, and form of demand for car-borne entertainment systems. The overall trend is from zoning to integration.
From the key button to the integration screen, the value of the bicycle was raised from the original 600-700 to more than $2,000.
Car drive dashboards, information levels and ginger scale are the core of the dashboard's presentation, new clients continue to develop, new products are produced in an orderly manner, shared partnerships are made to win-win, corporate client structures are optimized year by year, and core client groups include mainstream foreign capital, internal capital brands and head-making innovations.
Lei. In 2021, the company broke through new customers like Lutus, Pastellantis, and acquired a gas - public, public, gas, Toyota, Toyota, Great Wall, Gilly, Volkswagen, Biadi, Chiri, Autogroup, Red Flag, Chang An, Idea, Peng.
The number of orders for core platform projects in mainstream cars has increased by more than 80 per cent year-round with annualized sales of over $12 billion, up from a record high, and orders for smart driving products, large screen cabin products and intelligent airspace controllers have risen rapidly.
On 4 July 2022, Desailawy entered into a comprehensive strategic collaboration with which both parties would build a co-winner-wint-win intelligence system based on their respective technological and industrial advantages, with full-scale and in-depth cooperation around intelligent cabins, intelligent driving, body, software, services, etc.
A new pattern of car ecology. The cooperative 17.6 inch ultra thin 2.5k control screen, or the largest vehicle-mounted screen in the industry, will be only 12.6 mm thick. Currently, the main drop-in model of the partnership – which is scheduled to be on the market in 2022 – has been officially opened for sale.
On July 14, 2022, the Global Partnership Conference 2022, organized by Ideal Motors, was held in Jiangsuguzhou, and Desai Wei was honoured with the "Ideal Top" award. In 2021, Ideal Motors, with a single car, Ideal One, achieved a huge breakthrough of 100,000 annual sales, delivered by Desaiway as a senior strategic partner.
High-quality, high-standard products and services. In the 1-9 model, which carries products such as smart drivers, back row air conditioning controllers, and smart space controllers developed in collaboration with the two sides, ideal 1 9 aids became the leader of a 4-50 million-priced smart electric vehicle.
Multiple dimensions of 20250kr co-created, and the two sides will cooperate in depth on more product lines. Figure 15: Desai Weiss won the “Ideal Top Award” with a sustained high level of investment in new technologies, new products, rapid innovation, intelligent driving, intelligence.
New products, such as a cabin, are widely recognized and lead the domestic market in terms of technology, quality, and scale applications. 2022h1, company-wide automatic parking, 360-degree high clairvoyant, etc., are continuously increasing the sales of adas products; and autopilot support systems are oriented towards larger market spaces, based on full technological advantages and integration of high- and low-speed scenarios, i.e.
Mainstream car companies have targeted their projects and are now in the production-scale slope phase; the development of a new generation of intelligent computer platforms is moving rapidly. The third generation of smart space controllers, 4k high screens, etc., are fast-growing, and the fourth generation of smart class products are being developed closely and have been ordered by clients.
Software service products continue to evolve, and uwb-based smart access products have been ordered by clients. Figure 16: Desai Weiweig7ph smartspace platform displaying 2021 Shanghai Car show. Figure 17: September 2021, first ipu04 smart pilot offline.
On April 29, 2022, the first generation of irp products - "aurora" - was launched globally in Texas, and the platform has achieved a cross-cutting technology from "domain control" to "central computing" that is a vehicle-borne smart computing platform for first-generation products in the current industry.
More likely than ever. Platform hardware is loaded with mainstream computing chips with a total capacity of over 2,000 tops. Software is integrated into core functional domains such as smart pods, smart drivers, network services, and so on, allowing for cross-domain integration to meet the multilevel needs of future e/e architecture in terms of high computing performance, high functional security, continuous hardware upgrading, etc.
Figure 18: Desailawy released the first central computer platform for vehicle-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-ca-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-de-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-de-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-de platform,-de-car-car-car-car-car-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-
The strategic collaboration will focus on the development of computer products in China and China, capacity-building, advanced intellectual driving technology research and resource depth-sharing, and will lead to the formation of joint innovation teams to further integrate the strengths of the two sides, such as talent, technology and resources.
Research on the theory of innovative technologies, patent layout, prototype production, test evaluation, and location of products.
1) Traditional products have benefited from the increase in the value of bicycles: the engine that contains the control screen and the LCD instrument is the cabin, the electronic core component, which is the entrance to the future interaction of the smart car, and in recent years the driver's need for a vehicle-borne entertainment system has been upgraded in content, quality, and form. The overall trend is from partition to integration, from button to button.
Integration screens, with the value of bicycles raised from the original 600 to 700 to over $2,000, while Desaichevy, as the core of the autonomous company, benefited from the upgrading of the traditional automobile business. 2) Specialization in intelligent driving, smart cabins and car networking in new products outside the mainframe business: the company is intelligent.
There have been phased advances in driving, smart cabins, and car connections, with new products such as second-generation airspace controllers, first-generation high-calculus autopilot control platforms, and sales and purchase orders continuously increasing.
In the case of smart driving, the sales of company-wide automatic parking, 360-degree high clairvoyant and other adas products continue to increase; they are oriented towards a larger market space, based on full technological advantages and integration.
Autopilot support systems for high- and low-speed scenarios are about to be produced; advanced autopilot control products that can achieve higher-level functions have accumulated project fixes for more than 10 mainstream cars and are on a mass-scale climb.
Platforms and software service products continue to evolve, and uwb-based smart access products have been ordered by clients. (3) The client structure is optimized year by year, with core client groups comprising mainstream foreign investment, internal capital and new head-making forces: in 2021 the company broke through new clients like Lutus, Pastellantis, and got a single pop--
The crowd, the crowd, the crowd, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Toyota, the Great Wall, the Gilly, the Cars, the Biade, the Chirre, the Gar Group, a red flag, the Chang An, the ideal car, the Pills, etc., have been awarded new annual sales orders of over $12 billion a year.
The order, which has grown by more than 80% over the same year, has reached an all-time high, with orders for smart driving products, big screens, and smart space controllers rapidly increasing. The size of the cabin controllers has been increased, and ipu03 volume + new product ipu04 has received multiple project fixes (second half).
The year’s ideal production of 1.9 or the catalytic node for new products is expected to continue to exceed the industry’s production of more orders. New orders are sold more than $12 billion a year, and future performance is expected to remain high; smart driving is Māori, business is more scarce, and companies provide a few of the products of the current autopilot controllers with a capacity to produce.
Dealers, industry autopilots are scarce, industry space is big, growing fast, updating the one-year target schedule for Desaisure: financial projections and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author