In the first half of the year, the chemical industry grew across the board, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (SIRRD) injected energy into S.I.E.L.D.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2021, which generated total operating income of RMB 15.69 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 65.4 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of RMB 1,150 million, a significant increase of 1720.3 per cent in the same year, q2 1st quarter, a return of RMB 9.23 billion, a ratio of 75.6 per cent and a link of RMB 42.7 per cent, and a return to the mother of RMB 550 million,
• High profitability of the main business, increased impairment loss, and a small fall in q2. Prices of long wire products led to higher revenues, with corporate fibre-optics generating $9.25 billion in the first half of the year, compared to the East.
Demand warms down the stock, and long-line prices are expected to continue. After the outbreak, demand released non-resistible items such as textiles and clothing, with a cumulative increase in retail sales above the bounds of domestic clothing in July of up to 29.8% compared to 29.8% in the same year. In terms of overseas demand, part of the orders returned to the home country with a cumulative value of exports from the textile industry in July of up to +12.7% compared to 12.7% in the same year.
Good demand drives the inventory down, and Dragen's data show Poy, Fdy, dty, from July to the present. The price of future long wires is expected to continue as orders are issued in the fall and winter.
Purchase of shares in the State of Shr, which was approved by the Shareholders Assembly on 24 August. Shrbang operates mainly the 2.4 million tonnes/year olquido co-production project (mto), produces a variety of fine chemical products, such as eva, which has a capacity of 300,000 tons and has a photovoltaic capacity.
In the next three years, the net profit on maternity will remain at a compound rate of 226.3 per cent. Given the advantages of a well-developed industrial chain of major refining and the new material field of layout, for the first time, a “possession” rating will be covered.
1.1 The Eastern Rainbow is a listed company under the flag of the Rainbow Consumption Group, which operates large-scale refined plates such as pta-poly-poly-polycerine long wires.
The year was acquired by the rainbow fibres, which changed their name to the rainbow technology. In 2017, the rainbow fibres were internalized, bringing the under-country assets into the country’s high-visibility department. In 2018, through the reorganization of assets in the eastern market of the shell, known as the East China River, the country’s high-visibility department became a fully-owned subsidiary of the listed subjects. In 2019, the Rainbow Group injected the rainbow smelting and the rainbow port petrochemical assets into the market.
The main body, the Eastern Rainbow Industry Chain, extends to the upper petrochemical plate. In 2021, the Eastern Rainbow is about to issue shares to acquire the flag of the Rainbow Group.
In terms of equity structure: the real owners of the company are Mu Hangen, Mr. and Mrs. Zhu Hongmei, who directly or indirectly hold 57.3% of the shares of the listed subjects of the company through such enterprises as the Sunsung Group, Sunsung Technologies, etc., with a relatively concentrated equity structure. The company intends to issue shares and pay cash to purchase assets and raise matching funds for the acquisition of Srbonne, with a view to distributing 1,111 million shares and 2.09 billion shares.
The dollar buys the assets subject to it and collects an additional sum of up to $4.09 billion for up to 35 eligible specific investors to pay the cash value of equity purchases and to supplement the liquidity of listed companies.
1.2 Large-scale refining of the integrated industrial chain is about to be completed and the new materials sector will be operational by the end of the year, when the company will expand further into crude oil refining and the industrial chain will be more integrated. The company currently has three main sectors, namely, the fibre optics industry, petrochemical industry, and refining oil industry.
The main camp, pey, fdy, dty, etc., has a total capacity of 2.3 million tons, and is currently building capacity of 450,000 tons, and is expected to start production in 2022-2023, in addition to the planned 3 million tons of intellectually capable, super-mixed, functional fibres project, with an initial phase of 500,000 tons in actual implementation, which is expected to last two years.
The petrochemical and rainbow refining industries run simultaneously in the petrochemical and oil refining industries, of which the main production of pta in Rainbow Harbour, which is now in production at the end of the year, will result in 16 million tons of refined oil, 2.8 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons (in px) and 1 million tons of ethanol.
In the new material area, the major construction operation in Srbang is the 2.4 million tonnes/year olquido cogeneration project (mto) for the production of acetylene, acetylene and derived fine chemical products, such as eeva, eo, an, mma, butadiene, ethanolamine, etc. In addition, the company issued an announcement in May to create new ethylene (eb), epoxypropane/styrene (posm), polyether, etc.
Crafts such as polyols (ppg) and polymer polyols (pop) can make full use of ethylene, acrylic, benzene from the Rainbow Refining Integration Project and improve competitiveness in the new materials field of the company.
1.3 The integrated industrial chain continues to improve, and future performance is expected to continue. The climate of the fibre-optics industry has recovered, and 1h21 performance has grown significantly: the Orient Rainbow is the backbone of the chemical fibre-optic business under the banner of the Rainbow Holdings Group, and the size of the civil scrubber is among the highest in the industry. After many years of development, the business structure has been dominated by the following polyesterizations:
Fibres are the starting point for further petrochemical and refining up to midstream pta. In the first half of 2021, the climate in the chemical fibre industry was warming up, and the company ' s performance increased significantly. The semi-annual report released on 24 August showed that 2021H1 company performance grew by billions of dollars, up from 1772.9 per cent.
After the epidemic, demand released incentives for non-resistible consumption, such as textiles and clothing, and in July the amount of domestic retail sales above the capping limit was as high as 29.8%. With regard to overseas demand, some orders returned to the home country and the cumulative value of exports from the textile industry in July was as high as +12.7%.
Good end demand drives the stock of long wires down, and Cheuk Chul has shown that the average stock days since July have been 13.0, 15.9 and 20.0, respectively, 3.8, 3.9 and 4.8 days less than in the second quarter. As future fall and winters are issued, the price of long wires is expected to continue up. Downstream, there is a continuing demand for long wires, folding.
The company’s profitability is expected to continue to increase as future projects of refining integration become operational. The variety of fibre optics is growing, and the building of integration projects is expected to enhance the company’s profitability: the company’s main product covers a number of series such as long silk, fdy, and dty, and expands upwards and downstream along the product chain to multiple industries such as petrochemicals, fibre optics, etc.
The company currently owns 2.3 million tonnes/year of differentiated chemical fibres and 3.9 million tonnes/year of ptas. The economic recovery has affected the industry, and in the first half of 2021, there was a marked increase in the production and sales of the company’s products, and the unit price of the sale of the products rose gradually, with the fibres generating $9.25 billion, an increase of 41.5% over the same period last year.
With the completion of the project, it is expected that it will be a new growth point for companies’ performance. Pilgrimage markets have contributed better to the growth of profits, the acquisition and future prospects of the world’s oil prices, which have remained high since the beginning of the year, the favourable domestic climate in the optics industry, and the continued warming of downstream textile demand, leading to an increase in corporate performance.
In the first half of 2021, the average price difference for Poy was as high as $1635.4 per ton, an increase of 19.5 per cent over the same year. Poly, Fody, dty, three modes of issuing shares and paying cash to buy 100 per cent of the shareholdings of the leading company, Sre, benefited from the prospects of the evaporation industry, and was expected to inject new dynamism into the growth of profits and provide favourable safeguards for companies to further upgrade their core competitiveness.
Assumption 4: Due to the incomplete infusion of Srbonne ' s assets, no Srbun ' s infusion of assets is considered here. The income from the Rainbow Srbification Project, based on data disclosed in the feasibility study of the project, estimates that full postnatal delivery would result in an average annual operating income of $72.21 billion, and we selected three major companies in the big refining industry and one major company in the fine chemical industry, 2020.
Significant improvements; with 300,000 tons of capacity in Srbang, 130,000 tons of capacity in the United Nations New York Office, and the acquisition of new Srbombo material plates, the company's competitiveness in the field of new materials will not be lost to the new materials currently deployed, which will result in a logical change in valuation. For the first time, coverage will be rated as holding.
No one received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.