Srbon's production and acquisition, and its performance will enter the new steps.
In-depth study/oil petrochemicals. The main objective of this paper is to comb the future performance growth point of the Eastern rainbow.
The Division will benefit in depth from the high volume price increases resulting from the high demand growth in photovoltaiceva and the performance gains resulting from the second phase of the project. • Corporate overview: refining inputs and acquisition of Srbon, the company's “two-wheel-drive” layout, which was established in 1992 and re-listed successfully in 2018. 16 million tons of the company's refining projects were launched.
With the acquisition of Srbon, the company will form a polyester whole-industry chain of “oil refining-px/ethanol-pta-polyester fibres” and a two-wheel-drive layout of new materials dominated by photovoltaics. It is expected that, with the company’s 16 million refining projects coming into operation this year and the acquisition and appraisal of Srbon, the company’s operations will change structurally and its performance is expected to move to a new level.
The unit compares the industrial logic with the trend of depth 300: from many angles, the luminous silhouette re-emerged, and from many angles, the luminous silhouette re-emerged.
The three indicators relating to the silhouettes of clothing-grade scrubbers and downstream silhouettes are currently above the historical average of 50 per cent, and the trend is upwards. (2) In terms of the inventory cycle, the silhouettes are projected to be in the second half of the year 2021, with three products of dty net profit trends, and the silting silhouettes are in a profitable settlement when the landscape is right.
(4) From other relevant indicators: based on the same benchmark - Brent crude oil price, pta price and purveyor price, leading indicator - Cobbridge textile market weather index (Pilter) - the price of long-line detergent is on the rise. • Corporate logic: refining inputs + acquisition of Srebon, the company’s profitability is on a new step.
From a corporate perspective, the future performance growth point for the Eastern rainbow is two: (1) the 16 million tons of rainbow refining project was launched: the 16 million tons of rainbow refining project was expected to come into operation by the end of 2021, in response to the larger trend of “controlling refining”, with multiple advantages and profitability, compared to traditional oil refining enterprises; and it was measured at $70 per barrel of oil prices.
The 16 million-tonne smelting project will generate a net profit of $10.2 billion after the end of the postpartum period. (2) Acquisition of Srbon petrochemicals and phase II production: first, Srbon has 300,000 tons of capacity (of which it accounts for nearly 70%) and will continue to benefit from the increased demand from the high future growth in the photovoltaic sector, while the supply deficit pattern guarantees high Srbeva operations.
On the other hand, the launch of Phase II will make Srebang the country's largest Acrylic Clone company, with the attendant growth in performance.
A net profit of $4 billion is given, and a net benefit of $1.54 billion after the end of the two-year period. Glory petrochemicals, stubble petrochemicals, and stubble shares are on average 11.8 times higher in 2021, taking into account that the company’s performance will increase further after the acquisition and conflation of the state’s petrochemicals, and will be covered for the first time with a “recommended” rating.
The rate of re-entry of the long-silent landscape is slow; the completion of the rainbow-smelling project is delayed or the post-partum period is long; and the process of acquisition and exhibitionation of the petrochemicals of the company is slow: the price of crude oil is volatile.
1.1 The refining project is about to come into operation, the whole industry chain layout was completed at the Jiangsu Ngang Shenglong Sandwashing Plant in its current year and was successfully reorganized to be marketed in 2018; in 2019, the company began construction of 16 million tons of the refining integration project, which is expected to be completed this year; and in May 2021, the Eastern Shengyung acquired Shar State shares, while at the same time
The company’s industrial chain has been further upgraded by the proposed investment in the posm and polyol projects of its subsidiary, Ion Weiwei Industries. After nearly 30 years of development, the company has now developed an integrated whole-chain operating system based on polyester fibres, “oil refining-px/ethanol-pta-polyester fibres.” As of 2021q1, the company has formed a “pta-polyester-chemical fibre” integrated system.
Operational structure: Also, with the completion of the 16 million tons refining integration project this year, the company will complete the full “oil refining-px/ethylene diol-pta-polyester-optic” integrated whole-sector business development model, with new phases and patterns for the development of synergies between refining oil, petrochemicals and fibre optics.
Refinement plate: Implementation of 16 million tonnes/year refined oil, 2.8 million tonnes/year of benzene, \triangleright 1.1 million tonnes/year of ethylene and downstream derivatives, 300,000 tonnes of crude oil docks, 4 50,000 tonnes of liquid chemical terminals, etc., as a whole, is expected
At the end of 2020, the company had 1.5 million tonnes/year of pta capacity, with an additional 2.4 million tonnes/year of pta capacity completed by the beginning of March 2021.
Polyester fibre plate: The main product is the high-visibility state. By the end of 2020, the company had 2.3 million tonnes/year of differentiated chemical fibre production, 90% product differentiation, more than 100 different product types, with high-end dty longline products as figure 2: a map of the company ' s industrial chain distribution.
39.7% of total revenue, down by almost 8 percentage points from 2019, is the effect of an increase in trade income; 10.9%, 9.8% and 12.1% of Pey, Fody and pta, respectively; the company’s pta operations have shrunk in polyester operations since 2019, according to trends in the collection structure. In 2020, dty, heat and fdy contributed 63%, 21% and 9%, respectively.
In the outlook for 2021, with the completion of the company ' s refining integration project, the company ' s revenue and the Maori structure will be accentuated in figure 3: Trends in the company ' s revenue structure over time (% 1.3) performance analysis: high growth rates in corporate revenue collection and net return.
In 2020, the company achieved business income of $22.78 billion, compared to 8.5% in 2020, and there was a marked decline in the profitability of Longsleeves. Competing, 15.6% of the Māori rate in the Eastern Rainbow in the first quarter of 2021 was second only to 22.6% of the cost of petrochemicals.
The company ' s lifetime cost rate fell from 4.9% in 2019 to 4.1% in 2020, mainly due to a decline in the sales cost rate from 1.0% to 0.2% of the equity structure of 1.4%, the actual control of Liao Hangen, the concentration of Chu Hongmei and the actual control of Liao Hangen and Chu Hongmei.
2021q1, the company’s first shareholder is Liao Hangen, who holds 57.26% of the company’s shares. The company actually controls Liao Hangen, Mr. and Mrs. Chu Hong Mei, both of whom are acting together, with a more concentrated equity structure and a strong control of the company by the actual controllers.
2.1 From the point of view of the climate index, the elixir silhouette is in the state of the state of the landscape, which is 58.1% historical and maintains the upward trend, from the material-grade silhouettes index, where, from June 2007 to the present, the top value of the silhouette market was 1415 and the minimum was 578.
In May 2021, 1065 was 58.1% of the historical percentage, up from June 2007 to the present central level. In view of the changing climate, the piling climate is largely influenced by oil prices and downstream demand, and the industry is expected to continue to move up as oil prices rise and downstream demand warms.
The market climate is at 62.8% historical and upwards, depending on the temperature of clothing. In May 2021, Kojibashi had 1396 and 62.8% historical, depending on the temperature; in March 2020, the temperature was on a continuous upward trend; in May 2021, compared to the year.
From the bottom of the market index, the industry is at 39.9% of history and continues to go up. From the bottom of the market, the landscape is the main downstream product of the long line, and changes in the profile can be used to determine the future of the long line.
Key reference indicators. In May 2021, the market climate index for the Quaybridge Bridge was 1308 at 39.9 per cent of history; in March 2020, industry was on the upward trend; in comparison with previous years, it was higher in May 2021 than in 2019 and 2020. Thus, in view of the downstream hysteria, the future silhouette climate is expected to be higher than 2019 and 2020.
From the above, the temperature of the silhouette and its downstream products (silver) is currently at the top-line stage. We have chosen the Krebashi raw material, the clothing fabric scavenging and the downstream landscape weather index as indicators of the scavenging silhouette, which, based on the three indicators, is in the upper-line trend.
2.2 From the point of view of the inventory cycle, the future of the scrubbed silhouette will continue to move up, the stock cycle will be influenced by both supply and demand, and demand will dominate the demand side.
In general, an enterprise’s inventory adjustment is based on a change in the price of the lil, as it lags behind the change in the price of the filament, which leads to an inventory cycle. Reference is made to the change in the price and inventory of the filament, and we can divide the inventory cycle into four phases: passive de-stocking, active replenishment, passive re-stocking and active de-stocking.
Based on historical data, the average length of the inventory cycle is 24 months. We have selected the market price of the futility and the inventory days of the futility as our indicator for the inventory cycle; among them, the price uplifts represent better demand, the inventory up to the day represents the stock backlog. According to the division, from August 2012 to the present, the futility industry has undergone three complete stock cycles and is now in progress.
Based on the classification of the historical inventory cycle, we believe that the active inventory phase of the current inventory cycle will start in September 2020.
By November 2020, it will be a passive inventory phase. According to historical data, a historical long-line inventory cycle of decomposition has lasted an average of 24 months and a historical average of nine months for passive de-stocking in the inventory cycle, so we can surmise that the long-linery industry is expected to enter the active stock replenishment phase in the second half of 2021.
In general, the passive and active stock-filling phases are the continuous upswing phase of the industry, which is expected to move into a “good day” of sustained profit. Thus, the industry is expected to continue upswinging according to the long-silver stock cycle. 2.3 From the profitable point of view of the long-silt, the long-silt dimension is in a high-silt phase.
From a t-net point of view, the net profit of the long silk tones has been fully positive and the industry is right. Three products, namely, Poy, Fdy, and dty, have been selected to analyse the industry ' s climate. The data show that the t-to-date gain of the t-poy and ffdy products has been converted in February 2021 and remains high; and the t-ton gain of the dty product has refractured since October 2020 and continues to rise.
Thus, in terms of the net tonnage of the three sub-products of elixir, the elixir industry is right at the moment. 2.4 The filamentary climate is judged in terms of other relevant indicators. Long filament market prices are synchronized with crude oil prices and, as oil prices rise, the elixir price rises, leading to a profit for the industry.
Capacity increases. According to three long-line prices and the trend of Brent crude oil prices, the trend in long-line prices is synchronized with Brent crude oil prices; and, since November 2020, Brent crude oil prices have risen rapidly from $40/bpb, with the same increase in silk prices. Thus, with improved crude oil supply and demand patterns, prices are expected to return to normal levels, leading to long-term scrubbers.
The price of pta is a synchronized indicator of the price of the filament, which started to rise in 2020. According to the data, pta prices are changing in the same direction as the price of the filament, and the pta prices are changing in a similar way.
The market price of the purveyor is a synchronized indicator of the price of the long line, which started the price increase at the end of 2020 simultaneously. The downstream demand for the long line comes from the spinning suit and industrial demand, which is dominated by the demand for the swirling; and the downstream of the chains of the industry, which includes the scavenging, scavenging, and scavenging.
As a downstream product of scrubbed silk, the trend in the price of the veil is an important reference for the study of changes in the price of the filament. Data show that the price of the filament is more consistent with the trend and magnitude of the price of the filament; and, since December 2020, both have shown an upward trend with the rise in oil prices and the recovery of the demand for the end.
The Cobbridge textile market weather index leads the price of long silk for two months. As can be seen from the graph, the Cobow textile market weather index (the ferry) is highly relevant to the price of long silk. We have selected data from January 2014 to date, and the average lead price of long silk for the textile market gas index is 1.8 months, based on the characteristic peaks.
In the light of the upward trend in the textile market index at the Pilgrim Bridge, the future landscape of the long silk industry will rise. Table 5: Kowbridge Index (Pilgrim) Pre-Line Price Time
3.1 Rainbow refining responds to the larger trend of “controlling refining”, with a combination of multiple advantages. 3.2.1 Rainbow refining projects have four advantages.
The refining project has continued, our refining capacity has continued to grow and our crude oil processing capacity has increased; by 2020, my country ' s crude oil processing capacity was 850 million tons per year, an increase of more than 50 million tons per year over 2019, resulting in a decrease in capacity utilization to 79.3 per cent, while the excess capacity of our refining industry remains high.
Tons, of which 132 million tons of gasoline were produced, 159 million tons of diesel fuel were produced, and the rate of oil conversion (finished oil production/oil processing) declined to 49.1 per cent. In sum, the refining industry in the country showed a pattern of oversupply as private large-scale refining projects continued, and the trend towards “controlling the increase” was becoming increasingly evident as a result of the decline in the production of refined oils and the increase in the profitability of chemical products.
In the context of the trend towards over-refining and “controllable refining” of the country, companies engaged in refining integrated layouts have a strong competitive edge. Māori refined and downstream chemicals are also subject to cyclical fluctuations in the context of excess refining capacity and changes in the crude oil cycle.
In the middle, this seriously affects the long-term profitability of enterprises in a single-coherent petroleum-chemical chain. Enterprises that do so can take advantage of “oil-friendly oil” and “food-friendly” to adjust product structures flexibly and achieve the complementarity of oil-chemical advantages, making their profits more manageable and more competitive.
A 16 million-tonne refining integration project is about to come into operation. The Rainbow refining integration project started in December 2018 and is expected to be completed by 2021, with major installations including oil refining and aromatic process units, ethylene and downstream installations and associated ancillary facilities of 16 million tonnes/year refining, 2.8 million tonnes/year of diphenyl, 1.1 million tonnes/year of ethylene and related accessories.
Downstream derivatives, more equipped with 300,000 tons of crude oil terminals, 4 50,000 tons of liquid chemical terminals, etc., are expected to have multiple advantages of the Rainbow Refinement Project by the end of 2021 compared to the traditional domestic refining project: One: unique location advantages, which will facilitate the follow-up of the project.
On one of the petrochemical industrial bases, the Bay is the confluence of the Yangtze economic zone and the “one-way” zone, the central development area of the national strategy, such as the Jiangsu coast development, which has good regional advantages and strategic status, e.g., for radiating the entire territory of the East China region to the interior of the country: the project is located at the eastern end of the Asia-Europe Continental Bridge, where the processing of imported crude oil is unique.
The advantages of maritime transport, both close to the consumer market and close to where the raw materials are produced, are designed to optimize the allocation of resources, reduce the distance from the transport of raw materials and products, and reduce the cost of transportation. Moreover, the Xu Xu Xiao District, where the project is located, has 4,000 hectares of land for petrochemical industries and for downstream industries such as resin reprocessing, precision engineering, etc., which are linked to the expansion of enterprises in terms of land, environmental capacity, etc.
Strength two: Strength of scale: The single-line size of the refining project is 16 million tons the best economic size of the refinery. (1) Energy consumption and cost are low. 16 million tons of single-line size is at the top of our single-line refining capacity, and is the average global refinery size.
More than two times the average size of our refinery, and this project will save about 50 kg of standard oil/tonne from the energy consumption of a large single line of 2 million tons of installations in the country. (2) 16 million tons of single-line size is in the best economic range. Moreover, according to the profitability estimates of the industrial authority, China ' s petrochemical Construction Company Ltd., of the 500-25 million tons/year refinery.
In addition, according to the study by Zhang Kuo-chung, in the study on economies of scale of refineries and refineries, it is noted that, with the oil refineries' single-line oil refineries, there is a combination of investment, cost and efficiency, the most economical scale of the rainbow-smelting integration between the sizes of the refineries.
As a result, unit processing costs will gradually decrease, and unit profits will increase, but if single-line production is more than 20 million tons, the effect of scale effects will become weaker. So, 15 to 20 million tonnes may be the best scale and economic effect three advantages: process advantages.
(i) The project uses the crystallization separation process for the production of dibenzene, which has an advantage over the adsorption separation process used in other projects in terms of investment in the device, land occupation, energy consumption and operating costs: (2) material excellence between the project installations
The utilization of resources has been significantly enhanced by the exchange of ethylene devices, which can reach 73.48 per cent lightly, 40.79 per cent and 56.24 per cent respectively, all of which are at a national leadership level. Strength four: product structural advantages.
Focusing on high-value-added aromatic and aromatic products, reducing the production of finished oils to about 31 per cent, and chemicals to 69 per cent, above the average of the three major private refining projects in the same industry. The proportion of diphenyl ethers in refined oil production under the Rainbow Refining Integration Project reached 17.50 per cent, well above our average and Japanese-Korean levels, fully excavating and taking advantage of the industrial chain.
The main advantages of the Rainbow Refinement Project are four main advantages - three advantages: process advantages.
Strength four: Product structure advantage: tons of refined capacity, with 16 million tons of one phase invested by a company, and 24 million tons of refined capacity in another, which is still at the stage of validation, where companies work to demonstrate forward-looking planning of carbon neutral policy requirements.
Using the Brent crude oil price as a cross-reference, and the processing of Māori per unit per unit of internal refining projects as a vertical coordinates, we can get a map of the price of Māori per unit per unit of refining projects for processing Māori versus the original oil. From the graph, we can see that the price of Māori per tonne of refining is inversely related to crude oil, and Māori per ton of refining.
Crude oil prices have risen and declined: of these, the price of crude oil is higher when it is 45 US$/bbl ~ 70/bbl. (2) The yield utilization rate is assumed to be 100 per cent based on the capacity utilization rate of the petrochemical, helium petrochemicals project; 16 million tons of refined crude oil production is measured when the price of crude oil is at the centre of the price of $60/70/80/90/bpb
At that time, the sum of 1207.3/1065.5/923.6/781.8 tons of gross gross gross gross domestic product per unit of crude oil processing was 1207.3 / 1065.5 / 981.8 tons, resulting in a net gain of 115.9/102.3/88.775 billion yuan for all 16 million tons of productive capacity. Since 77.7 per cent of the project interest in the Orient rainbow, it was estimated that East 3.2 acquired Srbang, new material in the layout and high growth in the photovolt industry.
On May 13, 2021, the company announced that it was planning to purchase full or controlled shares in Jiangsusul State PIC Ltd. and to raise matching funds for the production and sale of high-value-added herb derivatives, i.e. ethylene and acetylene derived from methanol as the main raw material.
The company has formally extended its operations to the new high-value-added HFO material area through the acquisition of Srb, further improving the integrated layout and enhancing the company’s core competitiveness.
3.2.1 Increased demand for photovoltaic film will benefit from high growth in the photovoltaic industry.eva is a relatively high-end new material.eva is a confluence of ethylene and acetic acid, with the Chinese name ethylene acetylene condensate and the general acetic acid ethylene (va) content of 5 to 40 per cent, and the va content directly determines the performance of eva resins.
In comparison with polyethylene (pe), the introduction of ethylene acetate monomer in the molecular chain has reduced high crystallization and increased resilience, resistance, solubility of fillings and thermal sealing, which has determined that the eva is the higher in the plastics, that the eva is in the middle of the industrial chain, that it is directly upstream of ethylene and acetic acid, and that the greatest downstream demand is from photovoltage.
In terms of the industrial chain, it is located in the middle of the industrial chain, upstream of ethylene and acetic ethylene, and downstream includes photovoltage batteries covering film, wire cables, blowing products, heat-melting glues, agricultural filtration, coatings, etc. In 2019, according to the China Industrial Information Network, the consumption of the eva resin industry was 17.714 million tons, of which photovolts.
With 553,000 tons of film, 581,000 tons of foam, 305,000 tons of cable, 333,000 tons of coating, heat, molten glue, agricultural membranes, and other consumption, China has a greater dependence on imports than 60%, and huge import substitution space. According to the data from the Druze consultancy, in 2020, I
The country's total consumption is 1.864 million tons, resulting from imports of 1,777,000 tons, dependence on imports of 63.1 per cent, and significant import substitution space. 21.9 per cent of the country's population is the first in terms of output structure.
Of the 13,72 million tonnes of capacity, the Srbang and the extended salami capacity each had 300,000 tonnes of capacity, or 21.9 per cent, combined to 43.8 per cent, with a high concentration of capacity. 2021 - 2022, according to the data of Drouji, the country had 700,000 and 100,000 tonnes of capacity, respectively, in production and post-partum.
We can produce 187.2 million tons, 74.6% more than at the end of 2020. At the end of demand: the photovoltaic membrane is the largest downstream demand in the country. Under the policy guidance of “carbon peaks” and “carbon neutralization”, the photovoltage industry, as a clean energy industry, will maintain long-term high growth, leading to a long-term high increase in the photovoltaic membrane level.
Photovoltaic film is a key material for photovoltaic components, the quality of which is a key factor in determining the quality and lifetime of the components. Photovoltaic chains include the integration and operation of silicon materials, silicon silicon silicon chips, batteries, battery assemblies and photovoltaic systems. In the photovoltaic industry, the photovoltaic film is used mainly in the packaging of photovoltaic components, which are key materials for photovoltaic components, and for solar cells.
As a containment and protection function, the PV conversion efficiency of the components is enhanced and the useful life of the components is extended. Because of the irreversible nature of the containment process of the PV ponds, combined with the fact that battery assemblies usually require a life span of more than 25 years, when the film of the battery is yellowened, the turtle is fractured and the battery is vulnerable to wear-off, even though the film, such as the film, accounts for the total cost of the PV components.
The target of annual wind and solar power generation with a total installed capacity of more than 1.2 billion kilowatts is expected to be sustained in the coming years, thanks to policy-driven growth; on the other hand, as the cost of photovoltaic power falls year by year, photovoltaic producers, even if not dependent on subsidies, are profitable and develop.
The power will continue to grow. So, with the continued push at both the government and the manufacturer levels, the capacity of the additional photovoltaics will increase rapidly over the next few years. According to the international photovoltaic technology road map (itrpv), with the full advent of the "free access" era, market factors will drive the global capacity to climb to 660gw per year by 2030, and the global cumulative capacity will be reached by 2050.
Policy push, with a high degree of certainty about the long-term development of photovoltaics. President Xi Jinping announced at the Climate Summit on December 12, 2020 that China ' s primary non-fossil energy share of primary energy consumption would be around 25% by 2030.
The total installed capacity for electricity generation will be more than 1.2 billion kilowatts. According to the National Energy Agency, by the end of 2019, the country’s wind installed capacity stood at 210 million kilowatts and solar energy at 200 million kilowatts, meaning that the total installed capacity of wind power and solar power would need to be tripled by 2030; thus, the development of the photovoltaic industry is highly definite in the long term.
The share of non-fossil energy sources, such as photovoltaics, hydropower, in total energy consumption was only 15.3 per cent in 2019 (%) and the cost of electricity generation fell gradually, the photovoltaic industry entered a price-neutral era and cost competitiveness gradually became apparent. According to the forecast in the journal énergyintelligence, solar photovoltaic costs in the United States were 5.9 cents/kWh in 2020 and ranked third among the various forms of electricity generation.
Next to the combined wind and gas cycle on land; and, by 2050, the cost of solar photovoltaic power will be 2.4 cents/kWh, less than all other means of generating electricity. Moreover, according to China Photovoltaic Association, the lowest median price of photovoltaic power worldwide fell from 8.3 cents/kWh to 1.32 cents/kWh from 2013 to 2020.
Close to the cost of conventional forms of electricity generation, such as coal, the Internet access at photovoltaic parity becomes the most central driving force in the development of the photovoltaic industry. (1) Portability ratio for the installation and production of photovoltaic components: based on the Forster Annual Report, the assumed tolerance ratio is 1:1.2; (2) amount of photovoltaic film required for the encapsulation of a unit of photovoltaic components: based on the Forster Annual Report, it is assumed that every gw photovolt
The component covers 10 million square metres of photo-voltaic film; (3) the ratio of the film to the film: there are opportunities to further upgrade the market space, based on the large-scale application of the two-bond component, the double-faced battery, and the high-quality film, including the multi-layered poe-coated film and the white efficiency-eva film.
The photovoltage industry reports that the share of components in both the upper and lower layers of the future packaged material will grow steadily, while the share of components in the market will increase gradually with the use of white-efficient film and multi-layered poe film. According to the Yearly Report, in 2020, the share of the film was about 78% and, with the development of the film, the film will take over.
The comparison is going to decline, but it is still the main photovoltaic film material. (4) 450,000 tons of resin per billion m2 of photovoltaic film are consumed. According to the Forster Annual Report and Yoon Yu, 448 million tons of resin per million m2 of photovoltaic film are needed in Forster, and 1 million m2 of photovoltaic film per million is required for sea cucumber.
With 43.9 million tonnes of resin required, we assume that 45,000 tonnes of resin are required per billion m2 of photo-voltaic film. Based on the above 4-point scenario, it is estimated that the global demand for 2021-2023 is better than 65.1/96.8/1081,000 tonnes.
High barriers to the production of photovoltaic resins, three domestic producers, and one of the few private companies in Srbonne that have access to key technologies and are able to import alternatives. The basic barriers to photovoltaic values are mainly reflected in: (a) the difficulty of technological processes, as only three enterprises in the country, namely, the U.S.U.S., S.S., and Ningbotai, are able to produce photovoltaic eva resins.
eva resins are in short supply. (2) The production of equipment is long in production, the construction or upgrading of the equipment takes longer, and the construction process usually takes about two years; furthermore, the installation of the device takes about a year to complete and the calibration cycle is about one year to stabilize production.
High growth in the demand for luminous volteva. 3.2.2 Sustained expansion of acrylic barcine capacity and consolidation of competitive advantage The design capacity of the Srbunmto device is approximately 2.4 million tonnes/year (in methanol) with a single body size among the highest in the world.
By the end of 2020, the company ' s current product capacity included 520,000 tonnes/year of acrylonitrile, 300,000 tonnes/year of antecedents, 170,000 tonnes/year of mma, 420,000 tonnes/year of eo and its derivatives.
The second stage of the propane industry chain project will expand the acrylate capacity and consolidate the acrylic industry’s leading edge. The completion of the second phase of the chain will add 700,000 tonnes/year of propane dehydrogen and will be accompanied by 260,000 tonnes/year of acrylate and 90,000 tonnes/year of mma production capacity.
In the long run, Srbong will continue to grow new and sophisticated materials. Recently, Srbonne signed an investment agreement with the Oldos Administration for the Green New Materials Revolving Economic Park project to invest $127 billion in methanol and downstream production of vinegar.
The combined strength of a wide range of new high-end materials, such as acid, formaldehyde, acrylic acid, acrylic hydrocarbons and degradable materials, highly adsorbent resins, and refined industrial products will be further enhanced.
The average price of arithmetic plants is $14,000 per tonne; (3) Māori rate: assuming a Māori rate of 25 per cent, based on projections from the SPR and price increases for products in 2021. 2, mma: (1) Production: According to the SPR, the company ' s mamma capacity is close to being used
The average market value of the region ' s mma is $128,000 per tonne; (3) Māori rate: based on projections in the S.P.P.I.A., 3,eva: (1) Production: tens of thousands of yuan per ton from the S.S.P.I.A., and since this year, taking into account that S.V.V.eva has a capacity of 200,000 tons and that S.V.A. is in short supply.
The unit price is RMB 19,000/tonne. (3) Māori rate: the average price of the production year eo in 2021 is RMB 0.75 million/tonne, as projected in the SPR; (3) Māori rate: the pseudo Māori rate is 10 per cent, as projected in the SPR.
5- Assuming a 70 per cent profit/net profit ratio for Srbonne gross petrochemicals; a net profit of $4.02 billion can be realized through simple calculations; and a net profit increase of $1.54 billion can be contributed in the future as Srbun II projects become operational.
According to the company announcement, the Rainbow Refinement Project will be operational by the end of 2021. Moreover, the current acquisition of Srbonne is progressing relatively well, and is expected to be completed this year, so we assume that the company will be acquired in 2021 and will report throughout the year.
It is expected to continue to grow at a faster pace. Therefore, we assume that the company ' s fibre optics business in 2021-2023 will be the same, and that, as oil prices rise and downstream demand recovers, prices for products such as elixir will gradually return to 2019, so that the situation will recover, and we believe that the company ' s pta harvest in 2021 will return to 2019; in the future, with the company, the company will return to 2019 levels.
The pta block capacity is expected to continue to grow faster. So, we assume that the company pta industry started at the end of 2021-2023 and that, as oil prices rose and downstream demand recovered, pta prices gradually recovered to 2019 levels, so we think that (iii) thermal power:
(1) Growth rate: due to the impact of the epidemic, the company ' s thermal power operation dropped 17.3 per cent in 2020 and, with the resumption of the domestic epidemic, we believe that the company ' s thermal power business will return to 2019 levels in 2021; therefore, we assume that around $2021 billion will be available in late 2021, taking into account the fact that the Rainbow Refinery Project will be operational by the end of 2021 and will be about six months old.
The oil refineries received $55 billion and $85 billion, respectively, and given that the rainbows were not operational until late 2021 and were being built in 2022-2023 in the raw materials procurement system and the product marketing system, (v) in Srbun:
(1) Growth rate: On the basis of the calculations in our chapter III, and assuming that Surban II will be operational by the end of the year and will contribute to general revenue and net profit next year, we assume that the 2021-2023 revenue from Silebian petrochemical contribution will be divided into two valuation options: because the company's profits in the coming years are positive, we have chosen the pe in the relative valuation method.
The law values the company; moreover, considering that in the next 2-3 years the company will be able to produce, acquire, and start production in the second phase of the Great Refinery Project, in the second phase, in the second phase, in the second phase, in the second phase, in the second phase, in the second phase, in the second phase, in the second and third, in the second phase, and according to our projections, in the period 2021-2023, in the net return of the company to the mother, the growth rate is well above 30 per cent, indicating that the company ' s future profits will be in the middle of a high rate of growth and that it is therefore appropriate to use the peg law against the public.
Based on the above, we have chosen the pe- and peg-based methods for the valuation analysis of companies. 4.2.1 The relative valuation (pe) method, the average of the company's constant petrochemicals, glorified petrochemicals, salivated petrochemicals and strontium-kun shares in 2021, is 11.8 times higher than the average in 2021, taking into account the company's share.
After the acquisition and presentation of the petrochemicals, the company's performance will increase further, covering for the first time and giving a “recommended” rating.4.2peg valuation method,1 therefore covering for the first time, giving a “recommended” rating.
The rate of re-entry of the long-silent landscape is slow; the time of commissioning of the rainbow-smelling project is delayed or the post-partum period is long; the process of acquisition and exhibition of the petrochemical process in the company is slow; the price of crude oil is volatile; the rate of re-silenting of the long-silent landscape is slow: based on the company ' s Māori structure in 2020, polyesters are dominated by long-silling silk.
At a slower rate, it will affect the profitability of the company’s polyester fibre plate, thereby affecting the company’s overall level of profitability.
Performance at the end of the year and beyond will be influenced, thereby affecting the overall level of profitability of the company. The process of acquiring and presenting the state petrochemicals was slower: according to the company announcement, on 13 May 2021, the company announced that it was planning to purchase all shares or holdings of Jiangsushur petrochemicals Ltd. by issuing shares and paying cash, and
If everything goes well, the Eastern Rainbow will be presented with Stil Chemical this year, and corporate profitability will be further enhanced. But, if the process of acquiring and presenting Sile Chemical is slow, it will affect the company’s performance in this year’s consolidated statements over the next two years.
Crude oil prices are highly volatile: the company’s industries are petrochemicals, the main products are refined oil & chemicals, polyester fibres, pta, etc. are downstream products of crude oil, and product prices and industry climates are affected by international crude oil prices. Thus, if international crude oil prices fluctuate significantly, the volatility of the company’s profitability levels will also increase, adversely affecting the company.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Jan, Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, calculating the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources) in conjunction with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Rutgers, Nanjing University.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.