Continued growth of Eastern money securities, Internet genes in the bones - deep reporting of Eastern wealth (300059.sz) Sustained growth of Eastern wealth securities, Internet genes in the bones
The company is the leading global Internet retailer in the country, and the core flow advantage persists: Eastern wealth (300059.sz)
In February 2012, the Sky Fund Network acquired its first eligibility for fund sales, and the company officially started a fund sales operation. Every day, the Fund fully realized the advantages of platform flow and financial services professionalism, and the number of sales of funds remained stable in the face of strong Internet competition.
In the first place, there's no small amount of capital flow. The current liquidity of the fund's sales operations is good, ensuring that the company's business is unchallenged. Practice number: s15005192120002 is connected, and the Eastern wealth is relatively deep at 300.
This shift has led to an increase in the size of the brokering business. The share of brokerage companies has risen significantly from 0.3% at the time of the acquisition of the same letter to more than 3% at present, and is expected to rise further to 5-6% in the future. As a result, a steady increase in the size of the Internet ' s light asset model has also led to a marginal decline in costs, and profits are expected to accelerate.
With low commission rates and low-cost models, and with the experience of concentrating the shares of overseas Internet fares on the head, we expect that the share of the city’s wealth will continue to rise further. There is much room for development in the future for wealth management.
The value group has a strong reserve for cash-management products. Such products are better able to leverage the flow of cash, form natural scale advantages, and are better suited to the need for low net-value client groups to stabilize the rate of return.
Third, there is still much room for developing asset management in terms of the country’s current total holdings and the total number of investable assets. Through the light asset model, wealth management is expected to raise the company’s roe level.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: we use segment valuation, peg valuation for securities operations, and pe-growth for other operations, giving a “buy-in” rating. • Risk factors: risks from the impact of volatility in the stock market landscape; risks from further increased competition for fund sales; wealth management developments
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The company was founded in 2005 and its core website, the Eastern Wealth Network, is a financial information medium whose main business is to provide comprehensive financial information to Internet users.
On the basis of the company's traditional business development, which has accumulated a wealth of users and created an advantage in good marketing channels, it has been constantly trying to expand its outreach, expanding its new business section, focusing on the Eastern Wealth Network, focusing on liquidity realization, and building a national lead Internet financial services platform integrated operator. Among these, the company's three most important business lines have been expanded: the Sky Fund Network and access to funds in 2007.
Qualifications for marketing operations; acquisition of Tibetan identical securities in 2015; approval of the 2018 Public Fund licence plate; the chairman of the company, the person actually in control, actually holds 22% of the personal shares of Mr., while the other shareholders in the top 10 shareholders hold less than 5%. The second and third of the top 10 shareholders, Shen Soo-gen and Lu Li-Li-Li, together, hold 27.3% of the shares.
In 2019, the company achieved a gross operating income of $4.232 billion, an increase of 35.48 per cent, and a net profit of $1,831 million, a rise of 61.39 per cent, attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 29 per cent, $160 million, or 3.73 per cent, in financial data services, and $287 million, or 2.07 per cent, in advertising services.
In terms of changes in the corporate income structure, the “conic curve” feature of the Internet gene is reflected. In 2015, the combination of securities and the bursting of fund sales led to higher corporate performance, with securities accounting for 56% of sales since 2017, surpassing the fund sales business for the first time.
Continued increases and the impact on corporate performance as a result of lower rates. Figure 5: Trends in corporate operating income since 2010
Strong cores maintain industry leadership The Internet and finance intersect, and there is much room for growth in the sun industry The Internet financial services industry in which companies are located, the Internet industry and the financial services industry are cross-integrated, the emerging sun industry, and there is much room for development.
According to the 39th Statistical Report on the Development of the Internet in China, published by the China Internet Information Centre (CNIC), our Internet population reached 850 million by June 2019, with a total of 61.2% penetration.
As of June 2019, we had 850 million cellular Internet users, with a compound growth rate of 8.9 per cent over the past three years. Internet penetration and the number of cellular Internet users have been increasing, and the number of Internet businesses in China has been increasing. As of the end of 2019, Internet companies in China and abroad had been listed.
At the same time, the rapid growth of the Internet, the improved network environment and the rising user experience have contributed to a steady increase in the size of Internet users, especially mobile Internet users, and to the development of an Internet finance industry. Ten thousand. As of 2018, the size of investable assets held by individuals in the country had reached 1.9 trillion yuan, of which the size of investable assets of a group of people with more than 10 million net assets was greater than 10 million.
As a result of the huge investment demand, our population has also been paying increasing attention to the allocation of financial assets, which increased by 3.8 times between 2008 and 2018, public awareness of financial management and a greater willingness to add value to the value of the asset. Banking property is still in the forefront in the major financial management sector, but many types of financial assets are growing rapidly, among them specialized asset management agencies.
There are 13 securities companies or equity companies with qualifications in public fund management, and two insurance companies. The public fund management assets of these institutions amount to $17.64 trillion. As the investment needs of our investors continue to grow, a space has been created for the development of the Internet financial services sector, the Internet financial services sector will be in a very advanced position.
Over the years, the Internet financial services platform, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, has become the most accessible and the most sticky user in the country.
As an Internet financial services platform, corporate flows have been prominent, competing for power has provided companies with a high-quality liquidity base and business transformation opportunities. Moreover, stock bar is one of the most accessible Internet finance interfaces in China.
The effect is to convert the platform’s users to the East’s wealth bond flow, and to widen the flow flow stream. According to the Irene Consulting pcweb index, the average monthly coverage of the financial information Internet site over the past year (May 2019 to April 2020) shows that the average monthly coverage of the East’s wealth network has been at the forefront of the industry. As of April 2020, the average monthly coverage of the East’s wealth network pc reached 63.53 million people, only twice.
The company’s mobile end layout is late, and the number of live users in the month is quite different from the same. The data show that, as of May 2020, Eastern wealth was active in the month of May 2020, with 13.822 million users, compared to 354.24 million co-poofs, but far more than the same wisdom, Chinese securities and wealth, and the life of the nation’s Thai king, Ang Hong Hong Kong monthly.
According to the Chinese Internet Information Centre, the average number of daily visits and the average length of daily visits to Internet sites of the financial and information type from the beginning of 2012 to the present date show that the wealth of the East is at the forefront of the industry, with a clear advantage. In May 2017, the share of the East Wealth Network in the market was 35.94 per cent and 35.94 per cent, respectively, of the average number of daily visits and the average number of daily visits.
30.73 per cent of the same financial and economic sites and high sticky web users. According to data from Ire, between May 2016 and April 2017, the Pc-end Eastern Wealth Network had about 53 minutes per person per month, which was more than three times the second-highest homogeneity, as evidenced by the high stickyness of website users.
Internet marketing channels, free of geographical, spatial, and time constraints, can provide round-the-clock online distribution of marketing information, online product displays, interactive platforms, with wide regional coverage and extremely high channel value. At the same time, the value of marketing channels is proportional to the number of users and user access.
In addition, the company has created strong brand influence and visibility through four major business panels that meet the full range of clients’ needs, relying on the brand visibility and investor recognition established by the Eastern Wealth Network. Market-recognized brand advantages can further enhance the value of the company’s advertising media, consolidate its user resources, and contribute positively to the conduct of its operations.
The growth of other fund agencies is fast growing.
On February 22, 2012, the CSRC published the first list of third-party fund sales licences, which were approved by four institutions, namely, the purchase, Lulu, Noah, and the Eastern Wealth Network. Since the fund’s main sales agents were voucher dealers and banking institutions, public fund sales and sales using Internet channels have become the largest market share of the Internet’s treasure fund products.
The advantage of fast Internet access, low tariffs, high technology and so on has been a tendency to go beyond traditional banking outlets, which has led to a surge in the number of other fund agents. As of 18 June 2020, the number of coupons in the Fund’s distributors was 122, the number of banks was 159, and the number of other distributors increased from 3 at the end of 2012 to 194, a 65-fold increase, or 40.8 per cent of the total.
The related rates are increasingly marketed. The user purchase fund mainly covers four costs: sales fees, requisitions, foreclosures, and management fees. The fund company generally agrees with the third-party sales agency that the cost of the sale falls to the third-party sales agency.
In 2016, the third-party fund sales platform introduced a marketing strategy of low to one-half per cent of the purchase fee. Eastern wealth also started as a whole by proactively reducing the Fund’s third-party sales requisition rate, with the vast majority of products being ordered off.
In 2007, the company began to move into the fund area, where it established its brand name recognition by providing online fund data search and screening tools for offline buyers of funds. In February 2012, the network acquired the first eligibility to sell funds, and the company formally launched its third-party sales services. The cash treasure was launched in May 2013 (renamed as the “real treasure” in June).
Fund sales are an important step in the realization of the flow of wealth in the East and are key to building an Internet-based financial eco-region. Companies are well positioned in vertical finance websites of the same type, with an absolute market advantage of user flow and user stickyness.
Business income has been affected, but currently the Fund’s sales industry is significant in terms of user usage, number of cooperation funds, number of substitute funds, competitive position of industry, and average daily page views and independent user access in 2019.
Even in 2016, when the overall market environment was depressed, the number of online fund companies and the number of fund products continued to increase by 14.43% and 43.61%. Good buying, rice, ants, homogenous flowers.
The number of corporate surrogate funds has continued to grow steadily, maintaining a prominent position in the industry. Corporate fund sales have grown rapidly since 2013, with large increases in the number of funds traded and sales, rapid realization of liquidity and significant corporate revenues. In 2016, subject to a combination of market factors such as volatility in capital markets and declining weather patterns and pressures, the volume of third-party sales and transactions of corporate funds has declined significantly.
At the same time, as a result of the multiple effects of the diversification of corporate development strategies and the increase in income from portfolio operations, the share of proceeds from fund sales fell to 37.02%. While corporate fund sales were subject to a contraction in 2016 and 2017, the volume of offline fund companies and products continued to grow.
And in 2018, despite the market downturn and the fact that the company was able to recover significantly from the flow advantage, the sales of the Fund recovered significantly from the same year-on-year sales as +26.2 per cent. In 2019, the market reheated and the flow became more current and the income grew steadily (youy+16 per cent). In our view, the industry leadership of the Fund’s sales business ensured that the company would not be challenged by its peers in the future, providing high-quality guarantees for companies to resist market volatility risks. At the same time, the Fund’s investors used information, their judgment, their behaviour, and their opinions.
The data base has been consolidated. In 2020, q1 recorded a 102-321 million increase in operating income, mainly made up of fund sales. This represents an increase of between $102 and $321 million in the same year.
The growth of Internet finance and the climate of financial reform have accelerated the process of transformation and fragmentation of the country’s bonds, affecting their future development path. In the securities industry, traditional discipline is the hardest hit.
From the experience of the development of American securities brokers, the origins and development of online securities brokers and online securities businesses in the United States are closely linked to the reform of the commission system, the development of computers and the Internet, and the break-through of business.
In the mid-1990s, Internet technology was widely commercialized, and businesses promoted e-commerce as a low-cost and efficient channel of transactions. In 1999, the United States enacted the Financial Services Modernization Act, removing restrictions on branch operations, removing strict lines of business between banks, securities, insurance companies and other financial service providers, and providing a broad and comprehensive package of financial products and services by more online securities brokerage companies, which created the institutional basis for online certification.
A series of financial innovations by bond brokerage companies. In the process, traditional discounted securities brokers created an Internet-based trading model for money and emerging network brokers, e-trade, leading up to the development of e-commerce in securities. Figure 19: Four phases of online securities brokerage and online securities development in the United States
The impact of Internet finance on brokering is based on three main elements: the development of computers and the Internet, the reform of the commission system, and the break-through of branch operations. The concrete development process can be summarized as follows: (1) The three factors contribute to a significant increase in the number of network brokers: (2) The stock exchange does not need to set up an office to compete with customers like the traditional stockbrokers.
The low-cost advantage of reducing fixed asset investments and human investment, which allows the cost savings to be returned to clients and provides them with a lower commission rate, has led to a decline in the overall commission rate: (3) online transactions have made investment transactions easier and faster, easy trading and low-cost commissions have stimulated investors' investment enthusiasm and made online transactions more readily available; (4) online securities have squeezed up the revenue from traditional commissions of securities brokers and have exacerbated changes in the structure of voucher dealers.
The substantial impact of Internet development on the securities industry has been mainly two: the decline in the commission rate in the industry; and the Internetization of long-tail customers (customer stratification). The trend in securities is a full-scale shift from traditional access brokers to the marketing of financial products and asset management.
In March 2013, the CSRC issued the Regulations on the Regulation of Branches of Securities Companies and released the conditions for the establishment of the Ministry of Commerce; on 15 March of the same year, the Securities Industry Association officially issued the Regulation on the Opening of Customer Accounts by Securities Companies, officially launching off-site openings and allowing the opening of securities accounts for customers through witness and online means.
The liberalization of policies and the rapid growth of the Internet have enabled China to acquire the basic elements for the development of Internet brokering. There are three main models for the development of domestic Internet brokering: (1) large and full bond dealers have started online openings, such as the Huatai Securities and the Kuo-Am, and (2) some of them work with Internet companies to collaborate with each other online, such as the National Gold Securities. (3) Financial software and website service providers walk through e-trade or credit models for the development of securities.
Easter wealth, wisdom, homogeneity, and so on.
With the spread of Internet finance and changes in user habits, customers on the platform have emerged with a variety of financial needs, including the focus on transactional needs. Taking into account the United States voucher dealer’s credit card or e-trade model development experience, it is possible for companies to develop from the initial Internet commission discount broker to an excellent full-scale financial service provider.
In the context of the company’s future strategic layout, Eastern wealth seeks to create an Internet financial eco-region, perfect the industrial chain, and provide a diversified and comprehensive Internet for its clients. The development of Internet securities is an important feature of the Eastern wealth strategy, and the key first step is the acquisition of brokering licences. In April 2015, the company issued shares to buy Tibetan securities with letters of credit in the order of $4.4 billion, and raised $4 billion to increase the capital of the equivalent securities. In December 2015, the company formally completed the acquisition of the same-letter securities.
Full-size securities dealers, including brokers, self-employed, insurance underwriting and financial advisers, portfolio investment advice, asset management, finance coupons, leapfrogging to become the first Internet voucher provider, expanding the securities business, and accelerating corporate transformation. Market ownership of brokerage business has risen, thanks to low-cost and flow advantages.
First, the rapid growth of eastern wealth securities brokering stems mainly from two elements. First, the high-quality client flow conversion of the integrated platform. Second, Internet securities super-low commission rates and low-cost operations are calculated on the basis of stock turnover data from members of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange. In December 2015, companies completed the acquisition of identical securities.
With a market share of 0.470% of the brokering business, we measured a rapid increase of 2.62% in Eastern wealth securities in 2019, a 5.6-fold increase. The rapid growth of the two-pronged business, with a higher share of low-price strategies, a strong flow shift, has led to the development of the brokering business as a whole.
But in the process of developing the securities business, there is still a need for strong capital support, especially for the two-fold business. By comparing the level of reserves of other bonds that are comparable to the share of brokerage companies, we can see that Eastern wealth as a whole was in reserve at the end of 2016.
969.4 billion of these, of which 7,341 million are monetary funds for Eastern wealth securities, less than 30 per cent of the growth securities, and the corresponding interest income represents a relatively low share of total income. Companies replenish capital by refinancing and issuing tradable debt to boost their portfolio capacity. In 2017, they issued $4.65 billion (including the cost of issuance), of which $4 billion was spent on risk-controlled credit operations. In the first half of 2019, companies completed a replenishment of Eastern wealth securities of $5.4 billion, further strengthening Eastern fiscal assets.
In early 2020, companies released $7.3 billion in debt to supplement the operating capital of Eastern wealth securities, up to $6.5 billion of which was used to expand the size of the two-consolidated business, thereby helping to provide low-cost financing for the company’s two-consolidated business, addressing the limited size of the two-consistency business, and contributing to a further increase in the market share. Overall, there is much room for growth in the corporate portfolio, and future portfolio operations are expected to develop better after sufficient reserves of capital.
In order to be able to seize the development opportunities offered by the next wave of booms, companies are actively reserved, mainly by preparing for the arrival of the bull market. (1) On the brokering side, while ensuring a sustained increase in market share, companies are able to further develop their brokering operations through a variety of ways to attract customer funding.
Clients, coupled with deep development of stock customers, double-diplomatic expansion of brokering revenue. (2) In terms of capital strength, the increase in capital money can further boost Eastern wealth certificate coupons, supplement operating funds to facilitate the expansion of Eastern wealth securities operations, optimize business structures, enhance risk-resistant capabilities and enhance the overall capacity and level of services of corporate Internet-based financial services.
In general, the strategic layout of Eastern wealth is clear, and the securities business has great scope for growth and elasticity. The company is now in the process of capital accumulation, laying a solid foundation, looking forward to the coming of the cattle market, and its performance will break out in the next wave of growth.
In October 2018, the CSRC approved the creation of the Eastern Treasury Fund for Eastern Wealth Securities, a subsidiary of Eastern wealth, with a registered capital of 200 million yuan and a 100 per cent contribution for Eastern Treasury Securities. In July 2019, the Fund was granted a licence to operate futures of securities, and the company will start another phase of liquidity from retail securities operations.
The company's transition from downstream sales to upstream product production, extending from sales to fund-raising, sales, asset management, etc., will accelerate the transformation of corporate wealth management. With a huge flow advantage and customer sticker, the fund-raising business is expected to become a new growth point for companies that have failed to perform.
In the past, product-oriented services will be transformed into customer-oriented services. Internet voucher dealers have gained in terms of efficiency, cost, and meeting customers’ needs.
In the future, the advantages of wealth management are largely reflected in 1) the diversification of Eastern wealth into low net-value clients, using channels such as the Sky Fund, stock bar, etc., which have already achieved high frequency coverage of the target clients; 2) the prospect that Eastern fortunes will be able to draw images of customers through Fintech and position them individually to provide customers with a more comprehensive and rich asset allocation programme: 3) passive investments will create a large-scale advantage. The client population is dominated by low net households, seeking more stable returns, and the Eastern fortunes are more productive in this regard.
In the future, the EDF is more oriented toward passive, standardized fund products, such as index funds, which are more able to leverage the flow of money, create natural size advantages, and the operating costs of indexed funds are relatively low. Moreover, EWF is expected to follow a credit-and-finance model, classify its customers, and provide high value-added services to meet the wealth-management needs of its clients by providing high value-added services, e.g., by ai, by investing in robots, etc.
In 1975, the United States abolished its 183-year-old fixed commission system, and its money was significantly reduced.
In the 1990s, Kato seized the opportunity of Internet development and introduced the online trading system eschwab, which was largely full-scale upscaling of services and successfully transformed into Internet voucher dealers. In 1999, the US liberalized its mix of financial regulation, resulting in a series of mergers and acquisitions, completing a full-service chain layout and beginning a transition to an integrated financial service provider.
The collection of Katsuno consists mainly of commission revenue, asset management income, and interest differential income. Kyoto attracts large amounts of customer resources through low-cost brokering, and enhances the customer's glue through high-quality capital management services such as smart clients, thereby developing better-profit differentials.
The difference in interest business is mainly the use of idle funds in client securities accounts for investment bonds and the development of interest differentials through the payment of very low interest rates through the signing of agreements with clients. The difference in interest income is higher in the country as a result of low-discount brokering, which accounts for a large number of high-quality clients, thereby generating high-cost income from interest differentials. The fund ' s sales operations are now dominated by fund sales and consultancy services.
Katsuya benefits from continued high profitability and growth over cycles, with higher valuation premiums than traditional coupons. In 2006-2019, Kashinpe’s average level remained around 26 times, while international investment, such as Goldman Sachs, was only 11 times higher during the same period.
Eastern Wealth: The Chinese version of Kafumi Finance has accumulated a large amount of high-quality customer resources through the Eastern Wealth Network, stock cafés, and the Sky Fund Network, and the industrial chain distribution of securities brokering, blending operations, and fund operations is already at an early stage. Through Internet-based customer flows, companies have made significant efforts to develop brokering and blending operations, with low commissions of 2.5 and a 6.99% interest rate on financing.
Corporate brokerage, blending, and wealth management are growing. Companies have been licensed to raise public funds for 18 years, and five passive index funds have been issued so far, and are expected to grow twice in the area of wealth management.
IFS platform integrated operators, four major businesses are working together to develop the Internet biosphere and to expand the extended service chain of platform services. Companies are using the Eastern Wealth Network as their core to create a national lead IFS platform integrated operator.
E-commerce services, financial data services, Internet advertising services, etc.. With a view to achieving the overall strategic goal of one-stop Internet financial services, companies are fully synergizing their four main players and actively promoting the construction and improvement of a people-centred Internet financial services community based on the four main elements of flows, data, scenes, license plates.
The financial services platform provides a wide range of Internet-based applications-based products and services to a wide range of Internet users to meet the full range of customer needs. Companies speed up the outreach layout, further extending and refining the company’s business chain through various forms, such as acquisitions and new ones.
There have been developments in services such as letter services, insurance agents, video broadcasting, web technology, etc.: the acquisition of the Hong Kong Bohua Stock Exchange International; the acquisition of third-party payment plates for shareholdings; the establishment of the Eastern Wealth Exchanges Ltd. Development of letter-writing services; the establishment of an insurance agent in the field of insurance; the operation of a video feed platform through the Rover Network Science and Technology Ltd.; and the establishment of the Nanjing Eastern Wealth Information Technology Ltd. to provide computer software and network system technology.
• Short-term Beta, long-term Alpha resonance Short-term: reform overstretched and market overstretched
In recent years, in order to achieve high-quality economic development, the government has focused on raising the proportion of direct financing, launching a roll-out, piloting a registration system, and introducing a series of practical reforms. Since 2019, the introduction of the new securities law, the acceleration of the roll-out and the registration system have steadily advanced, with far-reaching implications for the securities sector.
The expansion of the volume of transactions and the subsequent expansion of the financing balance have contributed significantly to the continued improvement of the stock exchange base. On the other hand, the development of ipo operations, surge operations, and merger restructuring operations has further increased the stock market over the long term: companies have better performance elasticity and valuation elasticity.
The company’s three core businesses are more dynamic. By using Internet-based volume flows, the company’s retail trade will continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years, pushing the market up to about 5 to 6%, constituting a central driver of rising profitability, thereby raising the company’s valuation level.
Since 2020, there has been a gradual increase in the awareness of the country’s population’s asset allocation, which has gradually shifted toward funds, and has been accompanied by an expansion in the market capacity of equity funds to replace equity funds. At present, equity fund sales rates have been reduced to 1.5%, and we firmly appreciate the dividends of fund market expansion.
Against the backdrop of the growing demand for investment instrument products and the growing demand for asset allocation from retail clients, corporate wealth management operations are expected to grow rapidly, drawing on Internet access advantages, cost advantages, etc., and will become the company’s core Alpha in the next 3-5 years. We firmly appreciate the synergies between the company’s four business portfolios.
2. As a result, the size of the Fund’s sales operations has been expanding as the investment needs of our investors have continued to grow and the large-scale capital sector has developed rapidly. Since 2016, market conditions have stagnated with the company’s strategic reduction in the Fund’s requisition rates, resulting in a two-year decline in the Fund’s sales operations income, including 2019.
The market share of the brokerage business continues to be seized in the context of the securities services business, even when the market is less favourable. The market share of the company is also guaranteed by the divisional valuation method, the portfolio business, the e-commerce services business and other operations (financial data services, advertising and other major businesses).
Securities operations: using the peg valuation method. The firm, as a leading Internet bond dealer, is still growing at a faster rate, with net profits of 2019 - 2021e projected at 55.4% and cagr well above the average in the securities industry, and therefore selected pegs for valuation of the securities segment. We selected small and medium-sized securities dealers of similar size as comparable companies. Based on a comparable company ' s average value of 2020 epeg of 2.3x and 2020e ' s net profit on Eastern wealth securities of 2.57 billion yuan, resulting in a market value for the company ' s 2019 securities business.
e-commerce services operations: assuming a net profit rate of 40 per cent using the pe valuation method, expected operating income of 2,135 million yuan from fund sales in 2020, projected net profit of 840 million yuan, we have selected shares in Internet finance blocks, such as cozy, permanent electronics, to value e-commerce operations of Eastern wealth, using 2020e
The average value of a comparable company is 85 x, with a reasonable valuation of $71.4 million.In comparison of Internet finance business, other business: operating income of $255 million in 2020, we assume a net profit rate of 30 per cent for a company ' s non-portfolio business in 2020 and a projected net profit of $77 million for a non-portfolio business.
Risks of industry and business being affected by the volatility of the stock market, risks of further increased competition for fund exchange, less developed wealth management than expected.
Judining, a master’s degree in finance at the University of Glasgow in England, worked in Taiwan’s rich state securities and silver securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance at Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.