Easter wealth (300059.sz) 11/08/20
There is a clear competitive advantage, benefiting fully from the dividends of residential assets entering the market. There is a clear competitive advantage in the flow of corporate assets, products and prices. In the context of the large transfer of residential assets to equity markets, it is expected that the market share of corporate securities will continue to rise, benefiting from the Fund's rapid increase in size and the company base.
The gold business is expected to grow at a high rate. As an Internet voucher dealer, the company’s marginal cost is low, and in the event of a higher than expected increase in market activity, profit elasticity is significantly better than that of a traditional voucher dealer, a company with both growth and performance. Financial companies, for the first time, cover it with a “buy-in” rating.
The constant realization of corporate flows has driven a significant increase in the share of brokerage companies, which increased by almost 100% between 2017 and 2019. Companies have been more aggressive than traditional bond dealers, and there is still room for improved client turnover. In the wake of the rising trend in flows, we expect that corporate brokerage will continue to take place.
There's still room for improvement. Quite a few of the central economic workshops have raised the issue of residential housing and a lower rate of return on bank property, as a result of the collapse of the cash market.
The company, as a traditional tripartite institution, is expected to be able to move forward against the backdrop of the future expansion of the fund market.
1. One-stop Internet financial services platform 1.1. Clear equity structure, long-term incentive mechanism April.
The owner is the company’s founder. According to the company’s quarterly report, the company’s chairman, the actual controller, is actually the company’s founder.
People, with 21.99% shares, Shen Soogen, the second largest shareholder, and Lilly Luo, the third largest shareholder, are actually father-son and husband-and-wife, who together hold 27.31% of the company ' s shares, while the rest hold less than 2% of the shares, the stock structure is flat, the options are two-time, and the medium- and long-term development is stable.
Senior managers and business cadres of companies are valid for six years, at relatively low prices, and post-occupancy owners are expected to hold approximately 0.2-1.0% of the company’s shares, with relatively obvious incentives. Under market-based incentives, there are incentives to bind the company’s interests to its core, stabilize its medium- and long-term development, and improve competitiveness from within.
Table 2: Two equity incentives contribute to stabilizing the medium- and long-term development of companies
The Fund’s third-party sale of license plates, official advance in e-commerce business, and the first large-scale realization of the accumulated flow, with performance to be realized by 2015. By the end of 2015, the company acquired Tibetan identical securities, formally entered the securities business, built on a deep flow, and the securities business grew rapidly and became the company’s top business.
The continuous extension and refinement of the service chain is expected to lead to a breakthrough in wealth management, with the creation of a full range of Internet finance providers whose profits are both flexible and growing. The company’s net profit and roe traveled through the Cow Bear City to remain on the rise, and in 2015 it helped to achieve significant breakthroughs that were both flexible and growth-oriented and more profitable.
After 2012, corporate flows were realized through fund sales operations, the Fund ' s surrogate operations rose rapidly, with a significant increase in the ratio, the advantages of flows and products were prominent, the beneficial asset entry dividend for the beneficiary population was 2.1.1, brokering: there was still more room for user conversion
Since 2015, the share of corporate brokerage has continued to rise, rising from 0.28% to 2.85%, resulting in faster growth in net revenue from brokering. Large-scale model flows, products that are better than their counterparts, and prices that are lower than their counterparts are the main driving force behind the increase in their share.
Figure 4: Significant growth in net revenue from Eastern wealth brokerage operations Figure 5: The share of Eastern wealth brokerage cities continues to rise, with large flows and strong customer sticky. The number of people active in Eastern wealth appliance has been stable over time, compared to their counterparts.
Monthly activity was second only to homogeneity and Kyoto finance, and it was the third highest in the industry. In 2019, corporate per capita monthly penetration remained the second highest in the industry for a long period of time. In June 2020, the monthly activity of companies in securities class app stood at 1,427 million, followed only by homogeneity.
As you can see, companies are at the forefront of the industry. Figure 6: Eastern wealth network coverage at the end of pc is steady at the second, figure 7: Eastern wealth at the top of the industry.
Figure 8: Easter wealth per person per month in use: Figure I. Figure 9: East wealth app active industry penetration rate: 2nd Low commission rate attracts a large number of customers and boosts the city’s share further up. In 2015, companies used less than the average water in the industry.
Ping’s commission rate went to the securities industry; in 2016, the company further reduced the commission rate to 10,000 2.5 (including fees) for the lowest price on the whole market, and has since maintained a commission rate below the average for the industry, with a combined commission rate of 10,000.3 in 2019.
Internet attribute plus product advantages. Companies start with financial and information websites, run and develop not only hard-tech R & D teams, but also autonomously develop and operate a range of core web technologies with great experience and good reputations in terms of product pages and functionality.
The Division placed greater emphasis on R & D inputs, which in 2019 were the first in the industry in terms of the share of corporate information systems in operating income, and opened up more favourable and attractive products. In addition to the advantages of product R & D and operations, companies offered incentives for new customers, such as super-level-2, robotics, short-line radar, and so on.
Table 4: High-intensity prospects for opening Eastern wealth: city occupancy still leaves much room for improvement
Most coupons now attract customers via online channels, working with better-known financial and information companies or high-flow Internet companies, with varying degrees of increase in the city’s share (estimates). 2017-2019 places, with the highest rate of growth in the industry, are better than those in the industry.
There is still much room for user conversion. According to the annual Washington Stock Exchange, the company has seen a significant increase in the number of online openings since 2015. As of 2019, the total number of open accounts on the Chinese Portfolio Portfolio Portfolio was more than 90% of the current year's stock exchange, and the customers of the Chinese Stock Exchange were able to sell only through the flag, with the number of open accounts and monthly activity.
There is a very high positive ratio, i.e., the rate of monthly conversion of securities companies is higher. We estimate the share of monthly activity in the opening of wealth in East Asia at the end of 2019 to be 39 per cent, and the rate of conversion is still much higher than in the case of Huatai securities, and the monthly increase in the opening of Eastern securities will be kept pace with the increase in monthly activity.
(2) The opening of accounts at the end of the year = the opening of accounts at the end of the year for the entire industry* The growth in the stock turnover of companies * is driven by a rising rate of stock-taking. In the future, companies will continuously optimize their app clients, increase their advertising inputs, and the stock-taking rate of the two-mixed businesses will keep pace with the brokering business.
In 2018 and 2020, the company issued two debt swaps, amounting to $462.728 billion, assuming that all debt swaps would be transferred to equity, without taking into account other factors.
In 2018, companies replenished their Eastern wealth securities with $4.6 billion; in 2019, they invested $550 million in Eastern wealth securities. The financing balance, calculated as a net capital ratio of $1 billion, will provide a capital base for two packages of business.
Corporate debt costs are higher and spreads are lower than those of traditional bonds. As a private enterprise, the cost of financing liabilities is relatively high, and the company’s principal liability is the issuance of bonds without the use of short-term vouchers with lower interest rates, resulting in the overall cost of the company’s interest-bearing liabilities being higher than the average for listed bonds, and annualized interest rates for revenue-producing companies are not higher than 6.99 per cent.
The relatively narrow margin has a certain impact on net income from the two-consolidated operations. 2.2. Fund sales operations: benefits from industry-wide eruptions, high volume of flows, product size, low rate-driven rapid rises in city occupancy. In flow orientation, except for day-to-day funds.
Outside the main flow entrances, Eastern wealth flows at the app and pc ends are daily funds, which provide a good basis for the growth of corporate ownership. At the same time, the number of corporate surrogate funds is the highest on the market, the aggregate rates are constantly reduced, and, driven by a three-way drive, the share of companies rose rapidly, reaching 7.3 per cent in 2019.
The cost of tailings and services is mainly related to the Fund’s retention, the company’s role as the traditional tripartite fund agent, the Deep Farming Fund’s sales industry for many years, the industry’s top ranking, and the corporate fund holdings are larger and relatively stable each year.
In 2016, the Ants Foundation joined the Fund, reducing the requisition rate from four to one. The industry started a price war, companies competed at a lower rate and seized the share of the market of traditional marketing agencies.
From 2015 onwards, the company surrogate rate has remained down and it is expected to continue its downward trend in the future, but not in figure 20: the day-to-day sales rate is declining; the surrogate fund is the number one industry with only a few and a surrogate fund. As of 5 August, the company was selling 5418 bases.
Gold, which covers 79 per cent of the total market; the number of substitute fund companies, which cover as many as 140, is 99 per cent of the total, far beyond the rest of the industry, and the number of substitutes is at the top of the industry.
In 2019, the share of real estate was as high as 60%. Many times in the Central Economic Work Session, it was proposed that “households remain in place” and in the future, as house prices slowed down and leverage became more difficult, the relative attractiveness of real estate decreased.
Residents’ assets are allocated or transferred to financial assets.
According to the Central Bank’s Survey of Household Assets and Liabilities of Chinese Urban Residents in 2019, the share of funds held by our residents is only 3.5%. As residents’ assets continue to move to the equity market, the stock market is more risky and volatile than mature capital.
The market, where the share of funds in the assets of our residents is relatively low, is now showing a significant upward trend in the size of the fund, with a 64 per cent/97 per cent increase in the holdings and sales of the 2020h1 non-monetary funds, respectively, with the emergence of a cut-off point in the allocation of the assets of the population, and the potential for market growth in the future, which will be the main driver of corporate fund sales.
Figure 23: The share of funds in the financial assets held by our residents was relatively low in 2019. Figure 24: Total market non-monetary fund holdings and sales of yoy are on the rise, Internet giants are on the rise, and industry competition is on the rise.
The ants fund grew rapidly, supported by a strong flow of payment treasures. In 2017, the ants fund was set up as a fully-funded subsidiary, relying on the tweaking flow. The tweaking fund also brought greater competition to the third-party market for sales. The participation of the Internet giants increased the level of competition in the industry, and corporate fund markets were either experiencing growth or were facing bottlenecks.
The total cost ratio fell to 57% in 2019.
The rate is only three years up, reaching 59% in 2019, and is significantly higher than the operating profits of the wealth management branch of the peer comparable voucher business (2) Other voucher margins = the gross operating income of the profit/wealth management branch of the wealth management branch The company's main costs are spent on employee wages, equipment maintenance and advertising.
The main costs are network operations and on-line currents. Management costs account for more than 50% of the company’s total operating costs, mainly for salaries, maintenance of equipment, depreciation; and, secondly, to meet the continuous expansion of the company’s flow, sales costs are relative to 2.4, and future liquidity space: insurance for sales.
In addition to funds and brokering, the company is actively developing insurance and sales. In May 2019, the company completed a 100% equity acquisition and replenishment of Shanghai People ' s Heart Insurance Brokerage Ltd. and formally entered the insurance brokerage business; and in September 2019, Shanghai People ' s Heart Insurance Brokering Ltd. formally changed its policy.
As of 9 August 2020, the insurance policy has collected several items, and the insurance policy has a significantly higher Māori ratio than the Fund’s Māori ratio, either by using the company’s existing flow, or by becoming the third largest cash flow for the company to realize further gains in net profits.
Figure 26: The East Financial Insurance Network and app are officially on the line, and we have selected listed companies, like the Internet finance industry, as comparable companies, including homogenous, permanent electronics, top-point software, Lacara, the World Bank, and five.
From the valuation, the value of Eastern wealthpe is much lower than the average value of comparable companies, considering the rate of increase in net profits, and the value of companies is lower than that of comparable companies. The competitive advantage is clear, benefiting from the dividends of residential assets in the market, covering for the first time, and giving a “buy-in” rating.
There is a clear competitive advantage in upward flows, products, and prices, and in the larger context of the transfer of residential assets to equity markets, the stockbroker market is expected to continue to rise, benefiting from the Fund’s increasing size and the Fund’s operations are expected to grow at a high rate. As an Internet voucher, the company’s marginal costs are lower, and market activity is higher than expected.
In this case, profit elasticity is clearly better than that of traditional bond dealers, and companies are both growing and performing. We expect public market stock exchanges and fund holdings to grow less than expected.