And again, Eastern Wealth, the largest beneficiary of the bull market, has created the largest stock investment forum in the country, starting with financial information, thereby straining a large number of high-quality equity investors, which is the firm's most central competitive advantage.
In the course of its development, the company seized the policy window, acquired the money from fund sales and bond dealers, and, thanks to its core flow advantage, its financial operations have been better developed and are still at a rapid stage of development. The future growth point of the company is in the continuous transformation of the flow and the continued transformation of the flow.
The company’s core advantage is that a large Internet service platform run by a large number of high-quality stock-investors, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, has become one of the most visited and sticky Internet service platforms for stock investors in the country.
Total equity/flow (million shares) By June 2020, the two app Mau of the Eastern Wealth and Sky Fund under the company ' s flag would have been in total market value/flow (millions)
Fund sales and coupons were captured with precision by the Company for Successful Business Development, which has won the policy window for sales and coupons, the only company in the country that owns internal coupons, Eastern wealth (300059).
Internet companies. With the advantage of the flow, corporate fund sales and coupons are benefiting the cattle market, and corporate profits are growing better.
Team, East Treasure Securities is the best-growing coupon since 2015. Larger space companies are committed to building a one-stop Internet finance platform, and the sales of Hong Kong and Hong Kong have a very large scale effect.
There's a lot of room for growth. In addition to fund sales and voucher license plates, the company has the public.
Eastern wealth (300059), Eastern wealth: fund-raising, insurance brokers, futures, overseas securities, and micro-credit.
2020/04/09 Expanding user size and increasing user stickyness; on the other hand, a diversified layout that helps to increase user value by providing a more diversified flow liquidity channel.
And again, Eastern wealth, the largest beneficiary of the bull market, is, historically, a combination of growth and cyclicality. In 2010-2019, corporate income rose from 1.85 to positive, and five to negative.
The company’s cyclical nature is difficult to undo in the short term and is expected to be ironed through diversification in the long term. The company’s current operations are dominated by fund sales and bond dealers, which contribute 96% of the company’s revenue. Both operations are related to the market climate, and trading activity has a direct impact on the company’s performance. This cyclicality is due to the company’s business attributes and is difficult to eliminate.
The company’s long-term expectation of further business chain extension based on flow advantages, thereby smoothing the volatility of the securities market cycle, is that the company’s potential for growth in areas such as capital management, banking, insurance, etc. First, the company’s core advantage lies in the large number of high-quality equity investors.
The company’s large Internet service platform, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, has become one of the most visited and sticky Internet service platforms for stock investors in the country. Meanwhile, data show that the company’s current users are more attractive than competitors.
According to questmobile, as of June 2020, the wealth of the East under the company was 11.43 million; it was far higher than that of the traditional voucher dealer Mau, and only 3.81 million was the wealth of the traditional voucher dealer China-Thai.
According to questmobile, as of June 2020, the company’s ceremonial capital was 1,093,000; it was far higher than the wealth it had been set up in the same period (330,000); it also had a better user growth, and mau was above its 2015 height. And, compared to the ant’s wealth mau, the firm’s absolute number is better than its growth.
According to questmobile, Eastern wealth is used for 242 minutes per person in June, although it is lower than the homogeneity and snowballs, but it still has a greater advantage than traditional coupons. Figure 1 compares the stock-trading category appmau (millions) with better user growth.
Figure 2 Fund sales platform appmau (millions) comparative chart II. Fund sales and voucher dealers operating well and benefiting from active hand-in-hand. In February 2012, the Sky Fund acquired the Fund ' s sales license plate and became the first vertical to receive the Fund ' s sales license.
In 2015, the domestic stock market opened up, stocks and funds continued to rise, and Eastern wealth broke out in the financial e-commerce business, with revenues growing by 556% over the same period, reaching 2,442 million yuan. Since then, Internet platform companies have gone to online fund sales, including big Internet players such as Batj, and the funds have been re-distributed.
On the surface, the ant fund was the company’s biggest competitor. In 2019, the ants fund received $235 million, the ant fund received $1,881 million, and the corporate fund collected $1,236 million.
The ants fund is growing very rapidly and is the company’s biggest competitor, thanks to the strong flow advantage of paying for the treasure. 2.2 East Asian securities are the country’s most pure Internet coupons.
In 2013, the policy liberalized off-site openings, “Internet + securities” became the industry's front line, traditional bond dealers started online openings and worked with Internet companies; some Internet companies began to seek coupons, such as Eastern wealth, wisdom and homogeneity, but only Eastern wealth became the purest.
In December 2015, the company officially completed its acquisition and consolidation of Tibetan securities with the name “Orient wealth securities”. Since 2016, the stock market has been growing at a steady pace through continuous flows. In 2015-2019, the net profit on Eastern securities grew by 293 per cent, and industrial revenues declined by 50 per cent over the same period;
The \triangleright series provides ample evidence that companies have a considerable competitive advantage over traditional bond dealers.
In the case of companies, there is still an upward trend in the share of central business municipalities. Figure 5 Net revenue from brokering and changes in the share of municipalities
Figure 7 Changes in the stock market share ratio of corporate agents (%)
Companies start with financial information, and follow up on the stock bar, the most active stock exchange forum in the country, so the biggest label for company users is stock investors. Thus, corporate development is closely linked to stock market development.
In April 2018, the official draft of the new regulations was published. The core elements of the new regulations include breaking the cash exchange, banning the mismatch of time, regulating the operations of the pool, and so most products, including banks, trusts, bonds, etc., face transformation problems. As a result of restrictions on the operation of the pool and the requirement for netting management,
By the end of the first quarter of 2020, the size of equity companies, the balance of trust assets, the balance of trust assets, the size of the securities companies, the size of the securities companies, the size of the securities companies, the size of the stock balance, the value of the assets held in trust, and the amount of the assets held in the securities stock, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the value of the value of the assets, the assets, the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the assets, the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the assets, the value of the value of the value of the assets, the value of the value of the assets, the value of the assets, the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the assets, the assets, the value of the value of the assets, the assets, the assets, the assets, the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the
The size of the open fund (net base) is 10.47 trillion, 2133 trillion and 8.06 trillion, respectively, compared to 8.45 trillion by the end of the first quarter of 2020, which accounts for half of the share of the open fund. The annualized rate of return is 1.45 per cent.
The rate of return on annuity insurance is on a downward trend. We believe that, as the rate of return for fixed-income-type products falls, the attractiveness of beneficial assets will increase relatively.
In 2018, China’s capital-market deepening reforms were designed at the top, driven from the top, and included fundamental institutional reforms, such as registration, and the relaxation of specific lines of business, such as refinancing operations and financing coupons.
We believe that there is a clear link between the structure of the population’s asset allocation and the social financing structure of a country. The more developed the system of direct financing, the corresponding structure of the population’s asset allocation, and the higher the share ratio.
iv. There is greater room for intra-company outgrowth, the number of stock holdings remains constant, but the number of new accounts remains high, indicating that there is still a larger migration of customers within the industry. Companies have a clear comparative advantage in terms of both product performance and price dimensions.
4.2 Fund sales and the profit-making effect of the Fund ' s operations - the development of the Fund has been positive, and the size of our fund-raising (net base) is still small. At the end of 2019, the total net assets of the Open Fund-raising amounted to $55 trillion and, after deducting the base, to $48 trillion.
The size of the non-fund fund is $102 trillion (at the exchange rate of 1:7), which is only 2.13%, which is far from the country’s current global volume of gdp (16.59%). As a result, there is still much room for development.
In this context, the Fund’s distribution market is very hot. The number of new development funds in the first half of 2020 was 1.08 trillion, double the number in the same period last year. We believe that with the new expansion of capital markets and the introduction of various financial derivatives, the future will have to be achieved.
The advantages of institutional investors will become more pronounced, so we think that the profitability of the fund is expected to continue, and that if our public fund is 16 per cent of the total global fund size (netd from the base), we have eight times the size of the fund (8 trillion United States dollars) and the size of the fund is false.
By 2030, it was achieved at a 23% compound rate. We believe that corporate fund sales and fund-raising operations can be at least 4.3 per cent of the growth that cannot be ignored – mergers and acquisitions from offshore financial enterprise development are important instruments for the development of overseas financial giants. Horizontal expansion of product lines and vertical expansion.
Horizontal expansion is based on its own size as users: vertical expansion requires its own ability to operate and to create economies of scale. On the one hand, the rich have a large number of basic users, and on the other hand, companies now fully demonstrate excellent cost-control capabilities.
The increase in management costs has been much lower than the increase in revenue profits, with corporate management costs of $640 million in the first half of 2020, compared with the increase in the first case of Beled, which grew from $453 billion in 2005 to $743 trillion in 2005.
Case two: Kafumi's financial outreach and acquisition of a one-stop finance platform V, profit projections and investment proposals, and then the top beneficiaries of the cattle market --
The company relies on the Eastern Wealth Platform, which has accumulated a large number of high-quality equity investors. On this basis, the company has been able to launch a fund exchange and voucher business.
1) Bonders and fund sales operations benefit from capital market development; on the other hand, due to competitive advantages, there is greater scope for development in both Divisions; (2) financial licences based on the size of the company’s high-quality users and the scarcity of them. Companies have a potential for outreach in the future.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report