Business and Industry Bank (601398): First quarter of 2021: Business and Industry Bank ' s operating income of $23,41,911 million in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 3.18 per cent in the same year; Shareholders belonging to parent companies ' net profit of $85,730 million, an increase of 1.46 per cent in the same year, an increase of 0.24 per cent per ps.
Total net profits increased by 1.5 per cent in the first quarter, and we believe that the performance of business banks is in line with market expectations. Research Assistant Taujian  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Business Banks slowed their revenue growth rate to 3.18 per cent in the first quarter.
The spread has slowed down, with a net difference of 2.14% compared to the year 2020, and is largely in line with expectations. No, the rate of increase in both the pop and net profits has been lower than the rate of increase in income, due to higher cost income than moving + credit impairments, a gradual recovery, with the net difference expected to stabilize, while the current valuation is still nearing the bottom of history, and we firmly appreciate it.
▪ Assets & Liabilities: The size expansion has slowed, the growth of public loans has been high, but the deposit-end demand ratio has decreased. At the end of the first quarter, the total assets of business banks grew by 3.07% compared to the beginning of the period, less rapidly than those of comparable state-owned banks, and asset expansion has slowed in this year’s normal monetary policy environment.
The main increase in lending was 4.61% over the beginning of the period, corresponding to a net increase of $858.102 billion in the first quarter, or about 14% over the same period last year.
Eighty-four per cent went to public business, taking into account the pre-Secret Insurance Board press conference, where we judged that micro-enterprises, manufacturing, etc., were all core credit offerings; (ii) because of the strong demand for credit but the tightness of the scale, the discounting model was significantly reduced and was consistent with market trends; and (iii) personal loans at the retail end increased by 3.47 per cent at an early stage.
The increase is not high, and we judge that the reasons include regulatory restrictions on mortgage lending, the fact that current household consumption is still somewhat weak, and credit card optimization risk preferences. The structure of the deposits remains stable.
Impact of pricing and credit delivery structure. Business and industry banks have a net interest gap of 2.14 per cent (new caliber) for the first quarter, although comparable figures for the same period last year have not been disclosed
According to the report, but still down by 1 bp from 2020. According to disclosure data, the main factors behind the difference in interest-bearing assets received in one quarter. The reasons we judge are: (i) the revaluation of loans such as mortgages in the first quarter of this year, with a lower rate of return; and (ii) the higher share of small microloans in the new loan structure this year, but at interest rates.
Three-quarterly reviews: negative pressure, low pricing, impacting rates of return; iii) mainstream banks have generally begun to optimize the customer structure of retail loans, and now, the profit cut is on track.
In the post-market context, we still look to the normality of monetary policy, where interest rates on new loans have recovered to normal levels, gradually pushing net interest differentials to stabilize and recover. Moreover, in the current regulatory environment,
Large banks still have a clear advantage at the end of the debt, and we judge that the cost of the debt will stabilize or even improve, thus ensuring a steady recovery in net interest differentials. ▪ Non-interest income: 2.37% growth in the same caliber in the quarter, with fees increasing by only 1.35%.
The increase in non-interest income in the first quarter of this year was less than the increase in net interest income, which was only 2.37 per cent for the same calibre and 28.9 per cent for the same business income ratio, of which net revenue from fees increased by only $1.35 per cent to $41,164 million for the same calibre.
The investment end is more clearly affected by the debt market situation – the investment returns fall – at the expense end: the cost income ratio is clearly up, but credit losses are still high, pushing down the ppop and net profit increases. Business and industry banks have a cost-earning ratio of 17.59% in the first quarter, with 0.97pt below the base figure, resulting in a lower rate of growth than the previous one.
In addition, unlike high-quality small and medium-sized banks, State-owned banks maintain higher credit impairments for one quarter to further enhance asset quality. Business banks account for 62,862 million yuan in impairments in one quarter, a 5.7 per cent increase in the same quarter, close to a peak of 65,964 million yuan in the second quarter of last year.
As the quality of dynamic assets stabilizes, we judge that the amount of credit impairments will recover over the next three quarters.                                                                                       *
This is a turning point, considering the successive decline in the provision coverage last year in the second to fourth quarters. The quality of the output will continue to improve.
Annual rate of net generation of non-performing loans = (net increase in non-performing loans + write-off requirement)