Gold taps, gold prices go up, gold taps, the main business is highly focused. The company is a domestic gold flagship, since 2003 \triangleright.
Since its listing, based on high-quality gold resources in the Länder region, it has continued to expand its M&As to out-of-port, out-provincial and overseas through cash and share issue options. It currently has 13 national and 2 overseas mines, with a company of 1,479 tons as of the end of 2021, the second largest in the country.
More than 90% of gross profits, with a high focus on the main business, production is gradually on track and the bottom of performance is reversed. The fall in corporate performance since 2021 has been largely dominated by Shandong \triangleright
The impact of the provincial security checks, the closure of some of the mines, led to a significant drop in the sale of the company ' s own gold production, the gradual resumption of work on the various mines since 2022 and a year-on-year recovery of the company ' s performance, but taking into account the fact that the main mine, Ling, Xing and East Wind mines have not resumed production throughout the year, the accumulation of the epidemic has affected the operations of the Gold Control Company, various types of operations,
The non-recurring gains and losses have delayed performance, the company ' s profitability has not recovered to its pre-2021 level, and it is expected to reverse its performance at the bottom with the liberalization of the epidemic and the resumption of production of the Linglong gold mine in the course of the year.
With the highest-quality mining resources in the country, the Group doubled its growth space in its 14th Plan. Four major mines were rated for years as “China's Golden Ten Mines.” The Group doubled its production capacity: in the province, in the construction industry.
By 2026, approximately 20 tons/year of gold production capacity could be generated through the construction of a world-class gold production base for gold-mining resources in the Shandong Lai region, in accordance with the plan for the development of the Sakaji mine in the area of S010522080006; and outside the province, the Ito Chimbo mining sheet.
At the same time, there is a synergy between the consolidation of resources, the construction of a base for the production of gold in the south of the country, the acquisition and control of silver and silver gold, and the deployment of high-quality resources; at the overseas level, the expansion of gold production in the Beiradro mine was expected to take place, with the construction of the Catino resource, bringing an average of 7 to 9 tons of gold per year, and the company achieving the 14 to 5 target.
1. Shandong Gold (600547.sh) event review: The increase in the Fed ' s interest rate is slowing, and real interest rates are expected to peak during the year. As the United States economy moves into recession, the US \triangleright
In October 2022, the dollar index began to fall, and the domestic economy is expected to be home in 2023, driven by a “stable growth” policy.
Looking forward to recovery, adding down the fundamentals of the United States economy, the dollar index will probably remain weak and support gold prices. The world is in a stagnating cycle, and gold prices will rise to long-term cattle markets.
Over the course of the currency super-optimal cycle, it is expected that the spread of currency credit will provide a long-term transmission of inflation, which, as demand margins improves, inflation or is expected to outpace, stagnates, repeats history, and increases in gold prices are evident in the stagnating cycle. From the point of view of asset allocation, the global central bank began to reduce its US debt for 22 years, and its purchases reached historical highs.
In the context of widespread currency credit, the increase in central bank purchases will become a trend-oriented act that will support the rise in gold prices. The investment proposal is that the Fed’s interest-added cycle is nearing the end, that gold prices are expected to continue to rise, and that, given the company’s role as a gold leader, we expect to further release production and maintain “recommended” after the consolidation of resources.
One gold-heading company, running the bottom-side reverse, and the growing global M & As in Guodong Peninsula, where globalization has taken hold. Shandong gold is a leading industry business with a long history of development.
Founded in 2000, the company was listed at the drop-off point in 2003 and listed at the Hong Kong drop-off point in 2018, bringing about a+h in the capital market. Before the company was listed, the main assets were the New City gold mine in the Länder Peninsula, and after the company was listed, it used a stock to raise funds and purchase the Jiao gold mine under the company’s flag, which was acquired by the company in 2008-2016.
At the same time, the company began to expand beyond the province to acquire the gold, wood, Gansuxi, and Central Bo mines in the provinces. In 2017, the company acquired the Argentine Beradero gold mines and, in 2020, Ghana’s Catino resources, officially set in motion the process of globalization.
In 2021, the company implemented an intra-provincial consolidation of resources, concentrating on the acquisition of 14 mining rights in the Länder region and integrating them into Jia and the gold mines, with two overseas gold mines.
As of mid-2022, the controlling shareholder, Shandong Gold Group, was directly in possession of 37.87% of the company's shares and was in indirect ownership through Shandong Gold Resources Development Co. Ltd., Shandong Gold Color Mining Group Co. Ltd., and Shandong Gold Group Aoshima Gold Co. Ltd.
Controlling 45.51% of the company’s shares, the company’s second largest shareholder is Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd., with a 19.20% share ratio and a stable, concentrated equity ratio. Focusing on the gold industry, home-grown money contributes mainly to Maori.
The company’s gold products are broken down into home-grown gold, alloys (metallurgical gold) and small gold bars. From 2017 to the first half of 2022, the company’s share of home-grown gold was 19.2%.
This rises to 31.2%, while the share of out-of-pocket money is on the decline overall. The ratio of gross profits over 90% of gross profits from the basic contribution of Māori in previous years is lower for other operations, with 96.61% of Māori in 2022 and a high focus for the main business.
The downside in gold prices has been affected since 2018, with higher prices expected as a result of the economic downturn, and corporate performance starting to increase rapidly, reaching an all-time high in 2020. In 2021, the company stopped producing local mines and lost business income on a year-on-year basis. The fall in corporate performance in 2021 was mainly affected by security checks in Shandong Province, resulting in local production in the mines, which ceased.
The company ' s sales of its own gold have declined significantly, its net profits from repatriation have declined, and its performance has gradually recovered in 2022 with the return of the mines. Net profits have fallen significantly in 2022 compared to 2020, mainly because of the demarcation of the Linglong mine in the Linglong gold mine, the red line in the environmental protection of the eastern wind, and the fact that it has not resumed its production and the ploughing.
Lei Mine resumed work only at the end of April 2022, resulting in a net profit reduction of $508 million for both enterprises over the same period in 2020 (the year of regular production). In addition, Mountain Gold Capital Management Ltd. was affected by the Shanghai outbreak, and financial market fluctuations in the first half of the year, resulting in a net profit decline from the same period in 2020.
According to the company’s three-quarterly report, the gold mine is currently actively preparing information on the extension of mining rights, seeking to complete the extension of mining rights as soon as possible, and the return of the gold mine could provide a strong boost to the growth of company performance, as well as a return to the business of recovering mountain gold in the wake of the epidemic, with the company’s record turning in 2023.
The Māori rate of self-generated capital can be maintained at over 40 per cent, while the cost rate is stable over time. The Māori rate of self-financed companies is high by 29.08 per cent, mainly as a result of reduced production as a result of the shutdown, resulting in a significant increase in the fixed cost amortization.
Figure 7: Change in Māori rates and overall Māori rates per product of a company
Equity is parallel to debt financing, and the operating cash flow is expected to improve. As of 2022, q3, the impact of corporate assets factors, the growth of corporate operating cash flows has slowed, and companies have increased their asset-liability ratios by replenishing cash flows by, for example, increasing long-term borrowing and issuing durable debt.
Corporate financing is diversified and debt financing is expected to reduce the asset-liability ratio of companies in the future, by continuously adjusting the ratio of short-term to long-term borrowing, by controlling the cost of money and by providing good credit, and by taking into account the gradual landing of the $9.9 billion increase in the number of projects and the improved cash flow resulting from the smooth transition.
Two resources are qualitatively superior, leading by 2.1 resource endowments in production and operating at a high level, and retaining the country's leading reserves, mainly in Shandong Province. The country's gold reserves are concentrated in Shandong Province, where they are yellow.
At the end of 2021, the company had 1479.26 tons of resources and 59,241 tons of reserves, and the country was ranked second only to the purple gold mine, with a steady first echelon. By regional distribution of resources, resources in Shandong Province are now dominated by nine mines.
The share of resources reached 65 per cent, followed by 29 per cent of gold resources from two mines abroad, and 6 per cent of total resources from out-of-country mines. Prospecting was carried out in parallel with mergers and acquisitions, increasing the volume of resources.
Continued growth, mainly through exploration for additional and extended reserves of resources. In exploration, the steady deployment of prospecting around strategic deployments of “deep, sea, rotation and strength”, the continued optimization of prospecting modalities for existing mining projects, the intensification of exploration efforts and the maintenance of stable storage capacity, has been maintained.
With regard to mergers and acquisitions, since 2008 the company has been engaged in a continuous process of expanding its overall resource reserves, and through a series of acquisitions, the company has gradually developed control over the resources of the three main pillars of the island, Jiaji, the new city, Linglong, and the mines and their surrounding regions, as well as the acquisition of the Beradero, the Catino project, overseas, has increased significantly.
Four major mines are among the top 10 in the country and are well endowed. The average grade of the company’s domestic mineral resources is about 3g/t, the global average is about 2g/t, and the four main mines are three mountain islands, Ka Ka, New City, Linglong.
The gold mine, which for many years has been rated as “China's 10 largest gold mines”, and the Jiaojia mine, the Sansan Island gold mine and the New Town gold mine company, have continued to be located for many years in “China's 10 good economic performance mines”, with more than 100 tons of primary resources, thus concentrating 2.2 production in the first column, at a cost to the left side of the industry.
In 2015-2019, after resource mergers and acquisitions and expansions, the company ' s own gold production rose each year, with Shandong gold producing 39.32 tons in 2018, and the country ' s first-ranked company ' s own gold production rose further to 40.12 tons in 2019 and 2021 in 2019.
In 2022, the gold mine in Shandong Province was released from the effects of the security accident and is currently operating in the Linglong mine belonging to Linglong and East Wind mine, which has not resumed work due to the expiration of mining rights.
All the mines in Yushandong Province have returned to normal production, with a significant increase of 123.64% in production in the first half of the year. Selection and smelting capacity are well matched, with a smelting capacity of about 160 tonnes/year. Shandong gold smelting and processing capacity is strong, with two smelting companies, the Shandong refinery and the Shenzhen refinery.
State, the main smelter, with 1,200 tons of daily processing gold concentrate, with a refining capacity of 100 tons of gold per year and 50 tons of silver per year, was the first gold exchange in Shanghai to be certified as a “standard gold soybean company” and currently the largest gold smelter in Asia. Shenzhen smelters are mainly in third place.
Gold processing services are also provided, along with customized gold products with a design capacity of 60 tons/year, and because of the company ' s greater capacity for smelting and processing, it is possible to combine the processing and extraction of gold with the processing of gold, which in 2020 accounted for 74.44 per cent of the total.
Production is concentrated in the main mine, Shandong Peninsula. 90 per cent of the company ' s gold reserves are located in Shandong, which contributed 94 per cent of its own production in 2016, and after 2017, where the company actively promoted out-of-town, overseas mergers and acquisitions, with a reduced share in the province, still accounts for more than 50 per cent of the company ' s total own production.
Given the impact of the 2021 mine disaster, the share of the three mountain islands, Kaoji, New Town, and Linglong gold mines in 2020 was 60%, and the combined cost of the company ' s own money will decrease as production resumes. Without taking into account the non-recurring factor of 2021, the cost of the company ' s own gold production rose gradually from about $150/g in 2012 to around 2020.
182 yuan/g, the total cost of which rose from 226 to about 280 g. The main reasons for this increase were: 1) higher prices for complementary materials such as energy and explosives; 2) higher costs of safe management of mines in recent years; 3) higher production of more expensive mines overseas and outside the provinces, resulting in lower overall intakes.
In the future, with a successful resumption of production, the main power mines are expected to increase their output, and the company’s unit-gram cost is expected to decrease. In terms of cost control, the company has an advantage in terms of resources, mining, and mineral selection.
In terms of instructions, resources, the company ' s main mining area, Laizhou - is the world ' s rare gold-rich area, with three main advantages: 1) the arteries are well shaped, large and concentrated, continuous, and easy to use large-scale mining equipment, with a strong concentration of mining capacity, and have an advantage in size. 2) The Lé region is located on the ancient base (Guadung)
In part, the formation of rock consists mainly of solid magma and variable rock, high mechanical strength, good engineering features and ease of mining. 3) Länder - far-flung deposits are of a “graft rock” type compared to the resources of the Fiy Qui and Sakakawa Golden Triangle, where, despite the abundance of reserves, they are mainly sedimentary rock (Karin type)
In mining, companies focus on the development of cutting-edge, common technologies for deep, mechanized and intelligent mining, building on advances in technology and the upgrading of mining equipment to reduce the rate of loss and poverty in the mining process.
The average weighted poverty rate of the company ' s mines is about 7.7%, below the industry average of 11.4%.
By adapting the process to its own characteristics, improving the technical indicators of the system and reducing the energy consumption per unit of product, the recovery rate averaged more than 94 per cent, resulting in a reduction efficiency gain, benefiting from the geological advantages of the mine, the infrastructure developed by the company, advanced technologies and processes and the strength of the process.
The production capacity has led to a lower than industry average mining capacity, an average poverty rate and an average mining loss rate, and a high recovery rate, which has led to an advantage in the gold costs of mines, with an average cash cost of $681.6 per ounce in 2017 for the company ' s domestic mines, down from $715 per ounce for the industry ' s average cash operating costs in that year.
According to the Group's 14th Strategic Plan, 80 tons of self-produced cash were produced by 2025, with a resource reserve of over 3,300 tons and a total profit target.
By the end of the year, the group planned to produce 155 tons of its own gold, with a total profit of $20 billion, entering the world's peers figure 17: the 14th Five-Year Plan of the Shandong Gold Group, through the expansion of production in mines, the consolidation of resources, and global mergers and acquisitions.
Figure 18: Tandong Gold Vision 2035, by the end of 2035, to reach 80 tons of global distribution of resources, brand recognition and goodwill, over 3,300 tons of resource reserves and 20 per cent of per capita income
Significant improvement in corporate governance, scientific and technological research and development, environmental safety, social protection, asset size and market value of listed companies, over 200 billion yuan, harmonization, corporate culture, etc., became a model of industry worldwide, producing annual mineral gold.
The production-debt ratio was reduced to 50 per cent, seeking to “rebuild a Shandong gold”, entering the world by 155 tons, with a total profit of $20 billion and a third doubling of employee per capita income to 400,000 yuan/year, the top three in the world's industry.
3.1.1 The development of mines in the country continues with the construction of a world-class gold base in Leizhou, the main mining site in the province is to dig deep and buy and expand resources out of the country. Five of China’s ten gold mines are located in the east. In terms of resource reserves, the Guatong Peninsula gold mine concentrates 25 per cent of the country’s gold resources, 90 per cent of which are concentrated in 90 per cent.
The above is concentrated in the far-off, Länder region, where the company is expected to use the four major gold mines in the province as a base plate, to dig deep and enhance production capacity, while expanding the outlying layout and expanding the reserves of resources. According to the company ' s Port Stock Exchange Note, Miyamashima, Jia, New Town, Linglong Gold Mine is located northwest of Guo and far away.
The gold mine is one of the most mechanized gold mines in the country. The new mine under the banner of the gold mine is the only offshore gold mine in the country. The gold mine is located in the south of the Gungbei fracture zone, and the deposits are highly continuous and easy to mine.
The gold mine, one of China's oldest gold mines, is one of the country's largest aggregate productions, with a rise in the treatment of ore from the main mines, and its future growth point is the expansion of production. Since 2018, there has been a steady increase in the capacity to select from 2015 to 2020 through a series of extension and border extension projects.
Mountain gold mines, Kao gold mines, New Town gold mines and Linglong gold mines have changed by 0 per cent, 67 per cent, 16 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively; mining - 5 per cent, where mineral gold production has not increased at the same rate as ore disposal, reflects a decline in the grade of the selected products, and future production increases or will focus mainly on the scale of the selection.
Figure 21: Gold production (tons) in the main mining areas 2015-2021 Most of the company ' s domestic mines are in the state of exploration and expansion: the project to expand the boundaries of the Santao mining area is under way, with an expected increase in selection capacity from 8,000 to 15,000 tons per day; and Jia, the main urban area, has major access
With the consolidation of local resources, intensive development and expansion has led to the future doubling of the potential of the Kao family gold mine; the continuation of the expected resumption of work in the eastern wind and Linglong mine areas under the Linglong gold mine flag and the continuation of the extension project; and the leadership of the local resource consolidation effort to scale up production.
In 2020, the Consortium completed its construction plan for the Lai-sub-island “World-class gold base”, which identified a strategic configuration for resource consolidation, intensification, scaling and financing based on the resources of the three mountain islands resource belts, the Jiao family belt, and the new municipal capital “source belt” mining rights.
The overall synergy in the use of source development is expected to be completed in 2025 with the first phase of the construction of a gold-producing base in Shandong Gold-Li County and the full construction of a world-class gold industry base in 2035, with an annual gold-producing target of over 100 tons, with an annual gross industrial output of over 200 billion yuan.
In terms of resources, the Lei region is located in the fractured geological formation zone, where the advantage of location is significant. The fractured structure controls the formation and distribution of gold deposits in the region. The fracture zone is accompanied by a massive break in the underground magma movement, most of which is accompanied by volcanic eruptions. Earthquakes provide the temperature and material structure needed for gold formation.
The new city-Jojia fracture zone, where the fracture zone intersects, forms a long-range-Li County mineral belt. Of these, the new city-Jo family break belt has the largest distribution of minerals, and it controls a range of Kaji gold deposits, such as the new city, the Jiao family, the stables and the Gospel mountains.
At present, there are about 100 gold deposits found in the Kudong region, with five mega-mining deposits, many tons of which are the country’s top priority, with a high yield potential, and a soil that is a world-class gold production base. Resource consolidation and centralization are trends, with a smooth integration of the rights of the Ka Kwok and the new city areas.
The centralization of mining rights allows for the integrated use of mineral resources, effective control of development costs, increased asset size and profitability, and the necessary path to the creation of a world gold production base. The company now has well-planned integration projects in Guodong Peninsula, which include, among other things, the Jia gold mine in Lei County, the New Town gold mine and the Punley King in Punley City.
Mine, of which Kaji and Shinjong gold mines are located in the Länder region. In 2021, Tandong gold read out the acquisition of Lé State children's studies, as well as the company of Ludi gold mining, gold from the Länder, Hongjing Liang Liang and Tianjung mining, among others, achieved the right to mine in the Länder region, Nan Lu-Shingi and Chu Gu Gu Li.
In April 2022, the company consolidated the said mine rights into the Jiao gold mine and the New Town gold mine, respectively, in which the Jiao gold mine completed the consolidation of 14 mining rights, with production expected to increase from 1.65 million tonnes/year to 6.6 million tonnes/year, new
The consolidation of seven mining rights in urban gold mines has been completed, and production is expected to increase from 41.25 million tons/year to 2.64 million tons/year, and this integration has also become the first gold integration project approved by the provincial development and rehabilitation commission. The plan for the centralization of the gold mines was advanced, and is expected to expand to 18.85 tons of mineral gold production capacity upon completion.
In June 2022, a proposed increase was issued to raise $9.9 billion, of which $7.383 billion was for the integrated development of the gold resources of the Kao mine, which, according to the plan for the integrated development of the Kao mine, will be planned in a unified manner for the mining of the existing works on the Ka Ka gold belt.
By means of scale development, standardized operational mining and centralized operations, the problem of mining sites is being solved. In addition, new mining sites are being built at the heart of an industrial site for the gold mining of the former Kao, with a pagoda industrial site for the mining rights of the former Zhu Guo Li family, each forming a new industrial site for the selection of its own.
With a view to integrating the northern and southern regions of the mine, making full use of existing production facilities, reducing the distance from ore transport, improving resource efficiency and effectively controlling development costs, it is planned that mining capacity will increase to 6.6 million tons/year after the project is completed, reaching the average of the post-natal years.
To expand the new gold resource development base, Mountain proposes to co-finance, with Gansu Asset Management Ltd., the Gansu Golden Bridge Mining Company Ltd.
The Ministry contributes 270 million yuan, 60 per cent of the shares and 180 million yuan and 40 per cent of the shares of the Gansu Investment Corporation, which is the main entity responsible for the integration and development of Gansu's high-quality gold mineral resources. Gansu, a major gold-producing province, currently has five large and 12 medium-sized gold mines, in terms of production.
In 2021, Gansu produced 13 tons of its own gold, or 5 per cent of the national production of its own gold, and was the fourth largest in the country, with a reserve of 280.6 tons of gold resources, followed only by Shandong province, and the second largest in the country. Tons, with a gold production of 6.28 tons in the city of Sannan, had greater potential for integration.
In a press conference on the development of productive resources, the leaders also stated that Gansu would use the benefits of industrial concentration and scale to raise the level of development of the Kanan Kanan gold resources, through resource consolidation, expansion and transformation, and that the company and the Gansu government would establish a subsidiary as an important step in that planning.
At present, Shandong gold has succeeded in gaining access to the Gansu An fork gold mine, and the subsequent consolidation of resources has been put in place to help solve the problem of the resource continuity of the Western and Central Treasure subsidiary, on the one hand, and to build a resource base in Qin Qin, on the other.
3.1.2 The Group ' s assets can be injected into time, and the Western Ridge gold mining company has a wealth of resources and is increasingly injected into strength. In accordance with the commitments made at the time of the reorganization of the Group and the listed companies, the group company and its subordinates are owned in the country.
In November 2022, Shandong Gold issued a bulletin on further implementation of the commitments related to peer competition by Shandong Gold Group Ltd. and Shandong Gold Color Mining Group Ltd., concerning priority injections of competing assets into Shandong gold by 10 November 2025, and a secure push for peer competition settlement, corporate groups
The resources of these mining rights are being streamlined and the transfer of eligible mining rights is being actively promoted. In terms of the group ' s gold resources, the main distribution is within the country. As of June 2002, the group company had 26 rights of prospecting in the country, mainly in the provinces of Shandong, Fujian and Qinghai, according to the volume of recorded resources.
417.59 tons, with the West Ridge gold mine in Leizhou City as its main asset (383 tons of resources identified). In addition, the group has 12 gold mining rights located in China, with a total of 53.82 tons of resources, mainly located in the mountains and the West Ridge gold mine as a large single gold deposit with great potential for exploitation.
One of the three fracture zones in the North is controlled by a three-mountain swathe of a fractured belt rich in gold, which takes 16 years for exploration, research and investment of $320 million, and in 2017, 382.58 tons of metal were recovered. The average size of the Western Ridge mine was 4.52 g/ton, and the main body was large and high graded.
3.1.3 Holdings of silver and Thai gold, operational synergies between two listed platforms, and industrial and regional synergies.
The announcement that China Silver and Thai Investment Company Ltd. and the Shen National Army (SNA) will acquire a total of 581 million shares, representing some 20.93 per cent of the total stock of silver and Thai gold, at a trade price of 12.760 billion yuan, has recently been approved by the National Finance Committee, and once the deal is completed, the controlling shareholders in silver and Thai gold will be transformed into Shandong gold.
Silver-Thai gold is owned by five subsidiaries of the Yulong Mining, the Black River Silver-Thai, the Jilin Temple, the Qinghai Big Chaidan and the Huaming Gold Mine, among which it is the lead zinc-Small Mine, and the rest is the gold mine. By the end of 2022, Silver-Thai gold had resources in the amount of 170.45 tons of metal, Silver Metals in the amount of 7154.06 tons, Lead + Zinc gold.
Silver-Thai gold products consist mainly of alloys, mineral silver, lead and zinc concentrates, and in 2021 silver-Thai gold was allied with 7.21 tons of gold, an increase of 18 per cent compared to the previous year; and mineral-based silver 178.37 tons, an increase of 14.33 per cent compared to the previous year.
Good synergies can be achieved when the company acquires silver gold, which, in terms of industrial synergies, can be shipped to the smelters under the Shandong gold group near the Qinghai Qinghai Qinghai gold mine, which is complementary to the Yulong mine under the Silver Thai gold group and the Shandong gold group in the Inner Mongolia region.
For its part, the region’s lead and zinc silver industry can develop in synergy, reducing the cost of smelting. For its part, after this acquisition, Shandong’s gold could benefit from the geographical advantages of the Silver Shirts under the silver-thai flag, Gilling, the temples of Yunnanhua and the gold mines from the south-west to the north-east.
In addition, Silver-Thai gold under Supply Chain Management Ltd. is located in Shanghai, where there are regional synergies with Shandong gold trading centres, Shandong gold-controlled capital management companies belonging to Shandong gold, and Shandong gold trading companies under the banner of Shandong Gold.
Companies are committed to gradually addressing peer competition and to synchronize the development of a dual-listed corporate platform. According to the company ' s acquisition announcement, business integration will be achieved through asset restructuring, business restructuring, commissioning, etc., after the transaction is completed, to address peer and potential peer competition. In particular, firms will purchase assets,
Transfer of assets, replacement of assets, etc. to eliminate some business overlaps; Differential competition through asset transactions, differentiation of business etc.: Transfer of decision-making and management authority over the overlapping portion of assets through trust agreements The scope of competition between companies and their counterparts in silver and gold is manageable, with respect to products, companies and silver and gold in products and sales
The pattern and the location of the chain of industry vary considerably, with silver and Thai gold alloys being essentially the upstream product of the standard bulls. In terms of sales patterns and the location of the chain of industry, the company owner wants the customers to be the Shanghai gold exchange, while silver and Thai gold is primarily a downstream gold smelter, with customers on both sides.
3.2 The overseas distribution has borne fruit, with the increase in the contribution of Belladro + Katino 3.2.1 Belladrome mineral volume growth and cost optimization.
Table. The Belladro gold mine is located in the Iglesia district of San Juan Province, in the eastern part of the Andes, where the altitude of the mine is reported annually, with 213.06 tons of resources identified and controlled by the Belladro gold mine, which includes the regions of veladero and Argenta, and the region of veledero.
The two main pits, amable and filofederico, are made up of only one pit in Argenta. The amable and argenta pits have been cleared and are now backfilled, with only current production operations coming from the filofederico, which, according to Barrick's annual report, was operational in 2005 and has now been in operation for 17 years.
With the increase in the number of years of operation of the mines and the deep exploitation of the mines, there has been a decline in the value of the Belladro gold deposits and gold grade, which by 2021 stood at 68.43 tons, with an average of 0.77g/t in original deposits.
This decline was partly offset by a slight decline in the volume relative to 2018, owing to lower ore grade levels. Gold production fell by 18 per cent in 2020 compared to the previous year, as quarantine and movement of people in response to the new crown affected mining operations. Gold production decreased by 24 per cent in 2021 compared to the previous year, mainly in the form of gold production.
This is due to the impact of the construction and commissioning of the sixth leaching pool, which, according to Barrick's annual report 2021, was successfully constructed and operationalized in 2020 at the Filofederico mine in Belladro, and in the second quarter of 2021 at the phase 6, which was previously projected to be successful.
The phase7a leaching site project began in November and was completed in mid-2022; the phase7b phase will begin in the fourth quarter of 2022, and it is expected that the phase7 impregnated mats will be completed and that the new bursting method will lead to an increase in the grade of the selected items, thereby increasing the production of mineral gold.
Baric owns the Pwebrobeho gold mine and the Belladro gold mine in Latin America and the Asia-Pacific region, respectively, and, based on Barik ' s forecast of production in the two gold mines, it is expected that Beiradro gold production will return to between 7.5 and 8 tons over the next five years.
On the cost side, the cost has risen over the last five years, as a result of lower ore intakes and a decline in ore selection due to the epidemic. The production of gold in 2020 increased by 18 per cent in comparison with the previous year, mainly because of higher expenditure on the maintenance of the mining area, and production maintenance costs increased by 14 per cent in 2021 compared to the previous year.
Gold costs increased by 9 per cent over the same period in the previous year, owing to the increased cost of mining activities and associated with the new crown outbreak, which, according to Barrick's annual report 2021, was projected to drop slightly to $1270-1350 per ounce in 2022, and the company will stop in the future as the power transmission project is completed in 2023.
Energy costs will be significantly reduced with high-cost diesel power plants operating on site.34 In recent years, production costs have increased and are expected to fall slightly in 2022 (US$/ounce) 3.2.2 Quantino gold resources are of high quality, with clear production cost advantages.
The company completed the acquisition of 100 per cent of the resources of Katino in 2021, with the core assets of three mining rights located in Ghana, the Namdini Development Project and the Bolgatanga Exploration Project, located in the mining belt in the north-eastern part of Ghana, and the Subranum Exploration Project, located in the sefwi mineral belt in the south-western part of Ghana
The area of the mining lease for the namdini mine rights is 63 square kilometres and the duration of the mine rights is 15 years. In terms of the amount of resources currently being built, and according to the researchable report of the Namdini project, published in 2019 by the Katino Resources, the namdini project detects + controls + extrapolated resources amounting to approximately 217.4 tons.
In terms of production, an average of 8.9 tons of gold per annum produced by the Namdini project is expected to be delivered after delivery, 13.09 tons in the first year of delivery, 130.63 tons planned for total aggregate production, according to research reports.
83%. On the cost side, total average maintenance costs are projected at US$ 585 per ounce for the previous three years and US$ 895 per ounce for average production during the production period, which is an advantage over the current total maintenance costs of US$ 1255 per ounce for global gold production.
Figure 37: namdini project production is expected to average 8.9 tons/year Figure 38: namdini project costs have a global advantage in the construction of the namdini project and are on track for the future. namdini project is currently in the pre-natal phase
By the third quarter of 2022, namdini had completed the selection of the general contractor for the pcm and the relocation of the community, and was currently moving forward with the construction of projects such as project construction drawings, equipment selections, etc. 4 interest hikes are coming to an end, and central bank gold reserves are likely to be in demand for gold.
4.1 The interest increase is at its end, with real interest rates peaking during the year, and the United States economy is showing signs of a downturn. At the manufacturing end, the US ism manufacturing pmi index, which has been declining for eight consecutive months since June 2022, is now below the glory line.
The US Consumer Confidence Index, which has rebounded in the recent past, has generally been at a low level for 10 years, reflecting consumer expectations for the future. The meeting further lowered expectations for future economic growth, with the US growth rate of gdp expected in 2023.
Unemployment is expected, in addition to a further upward revision of the core consumer price index forecast, reflecting the Fed’s recognition of the inflexibility of inflation, with downward pressures gradually holding back the tightening of the Fed’s currency. The fall in time spread suggests a recession, with interest hikes gradually ending.
According to data from the historical rounds of interest spread reversals, the Fed usually stops raising interest rates within an average of seven months after the spreads have fallen, and starts reducing interest rates after an average of 11 months. The current spread falls from July, when the fundamentals of the US economy are falling, and liberal interest-rate policies are expected to rise gradually.
Real interest rates, in terms of interest rates, are favourable for gold in 2023. Real interest rates, as the opportunity cost of holding gold, have historically been negatively correlated with gold prices. In the model of "real interest rates = nominal interest rates -- cpi," according to our projections, with interest increases in the first half of the year, nominal interest rates will peak in the first half of the year, with the United States.
Moreover, while the market is expected to fall back in 23 years, we believe that the United States may be exploring further during the current cycle, and that once the Fed’s interest-reduction cycle begins earlier, the real interest rate will return to the down-cycle, and the upward trend in gold prices will be further established.
4.2 Foreign or will face a stagnating environment, when gold prices begin to fall off, 4.2.1 The world will enter the cause of stagnating: currency excesses and supply-side contradictions. The typical period of stagnating has been the United States in history.
1970-1980s, the underlying causes of which were, on the one hand, the persistence of inflation in the wake of pre-oppressive monetary policies, and, on the other, the growth of demand that could not be met by production in the face of various negative shocks. In monetary policy, the aggressive application of 1960-1970s Keynesian economic policies has led to a massive application of US fiscal policy.
The deficit has gradually widened, monetary policy has continued to ease, and by the end of 1969 the United States fiscal deficit had accumulated and increased significantly, setting the stage for inflation over the next decade. Since the outbreak of the new crown in 2020, the Federal Reserve has stunned the recovery of the post-problem economy by substantially increasing social welfare spending, raising the fiscal deficit level sharply.
The historical situation was similar in the late 1960s, when we measured currency excesses by the difference between m2 and gdp, the difference between m2 and gdp in 67, 71, 75 years, and the corresponding inflation in 70, 74 and 75 years, respectively.
In 80 years, it can be seen that monetary policy easing during the stagnating period is strongly sticky to the transmission of inflation. After the March 2020 outbreak, the Fed released a large amount of liquidity in an unlimited amount of qe, with the difference between m2 and gdp growing at a new high and turning point in December 2020, we believe that the current round of inflation is likely to continue beyond expectations.
On the supply side, two oil crises and a food crisis in the 1970’80’s led to a clear overall rise in commodity prices of various major commodities, a fall in inflation, which usually required new supplies from new capital spending to offset the price increases caused by excess demand. In the current round of the economy, the world is going through a carbon-neutral transition.
In the interim, capital spending on conventional energy continues to be affected even against the backdrop of a large upswing in energy prices, as well as under-capital spending on large upstream commodities represented by copper, which are subject to energy consumption targets and resource scarcity, among other factors.
In the United States, the wage growth index is still historically high, while labour participation rates have not returned to pre-epidemiological levels. Recent studies by Fed economists have found that low labour participation rates may be due to such factors as the impact of the epidemic on the health of workers, population ageing, reduced labor willingness of residents, or a permanent labour gap.
Higher labour prices are also expected to play a role in raising inflation. Similar to the 70-80s of the last century, both under-capital spending on energy and rising labour costs, reflect a long-standing trend of scarcity in the supply of commodities, with monetary policy moving into a relaxed cycle at the expense of costs.
Bulk commodity prices will return to strength, inflation will rise again, and the current supply and demand of commodities will conflict with or meet the conditions for stagnating. Figure 47: Future increases in the supply of copper mines will be insufficient (in dry tons/years)
4.2.2 During the 70-80s years, the high value of the gold stagnated the price of the gold: 14 times the cumulative increase over the 10-year period, with most real interest rates in negative range. Economic performance during the stagnating period, if understood by the real interest rate, is difficult to recover due to cpi and nominal interest rates
Economic weakness has dragged the economy into a period of persistent difficulties in winning inflation, keeping real interest rates at a low or even negative level. When temporary gold is stagnated, trading “recession” and “inflation”, it brings good performance during the period of gold prices, which, historically, rose 14 times over the decade 1970-1980.
During the stagnating period, the purchasing power of the currency fell as a result of the oversupply of the money, and, in addition to precious metals, the prices of various other types of physical assets continued to be strong, while the dollar index fell as a result of the overspending of the United States dollar and the slowdown in economic growth, while the physical assets ran out of financial assets during the entire period, while gold, as a natural currency, bore the main premium increase.
Value demand, with gold increasing by the most visible range, if the extremes of the two oil crises of 70-80s are not taken into account. 4.3 currencies are historically overspent, central bank purchases become the main force, central bank gold reserves are used as endorsements for the country’s currency credit.
Since the 2008 financial crisis, countries around the world, particularly developing countries, have gradually become aware of their foreign debt assets.
Since 2020, major central banks around the world have been implementing quantitative easing policies to stimulate post-epidemic economic growth. In 2021, compared to 2019, the United States of America was the first country in the world to increase its reserves of gold.
The Fed’s assets grew by 108.99%, the ECB’s total assets grew by 66.75%, and the central bank’s issuing currency represented the country’s credit, with a possible currency credit crisis in the absence of a corresponding endorsement of physical assets. History suggests that the corresponding share of gold reserves in each round of central banks, after a large expansion of their schedules, would be faster in the short term.
This decline is due to the fact that gold purchases have not kept pace with currency excesses. The share of gold reserves in central banks’ total assets has been declining since 2020, and while central bank purchases increased significantly in 2022, the share of gold assets in central bank assets remains historically low, with future central banks expected to account for.
According to the latest data, 2022 was the year in which the world’s central bank began to cut back on US debt and to buy gold to maintain the security of its production and to maintain stability in the country’s monetary credit system. According to the latest data, 2022 was the year of global warming.
The aggregate stock of comex gold and silver has declined by 32 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively, while central bank purchases have been sustained, and uncollected gold has increased to assets as an ultimate reserve, and is expected to be the backbone of gold purchases.5 Profit forecasting and investment proposals5
5.1 Profit projection assumptions are split from business 1) Self-financed operations: On the price side, given the expected end of the Fed ' s interest increase cycle in view of the recession in the United States, and the subsequent interest rate reduction cycle in the United States economy, which will further stimulate higher gold prices,
We assume an average gold price of $410 per g in 2023-2024 and $420 per g in 2022, and therefore an increase in production in 2022 compared to 2020, and we assume that the remaining mines will produce 39.3 to 42.1 tons in future and 43.6 tons in future.
On the cost side, the average annual operating costs for the company's own-owned production are $178/g, $179/g, and $182/g. Given that the value of the gold is higher than the cost, the Māori ratio of the company's own-owned operations is expected to continue over the next three years.
2) Smelting and refining operations: taking into account the gradual recovery of the company's smelting capacity, benefiting from macroeconomic recovery of 20/20/20 tons of gold and the maintenance of a Māori ratio of 0.15 per cent, respectively, for profit generation 4 sharesa of companies that have chosen the main business to be also gold mining and smelting are listed on the market and a Hong Kong stock
The value of the pb is 2.96 and 2.79 times for Shandong gold. The pb valuation applies to asset-dependent enterprises, where the increase in profits is mainly due to higher gold prices and expansion of productive capacity as a result of free resources.
The industry of production, where pb is selected for valuation analysis, has some legitimacy. The company, as the leader of the industry’s gold industry, retains high-quality and scarce gold ore resources in the country’s Shandong region, and the reserves are at the forefront of the industry, and the company’s pb valuation is within a reasonable range.
In the future, with the integrated development of the Kao family gold mine and deep drilling in the three mountain islands, the Länder gold base plan is expected to land gradually, and the offshore Katino project will be ready for production in the future, all of which will contribute further to the growth of capacity, and corporate performance will benefit fully from the higher gold prices and good growth.
With the consolidation of resources, it is expected that further production will be released and “recommended” ratings maintained.1 The risk of product price volatility: self-generated gold is the company's main product, the volatility of gold prices creates greater uncertainty about the company's performance, and the fall in gold prices will significantly affect the company's profits.
2) Risks of cooperative safety accidents: Safety accidents that result in the company ' s being cut down or even shut down have a greater impact on the company ' s production, operation and reputation. 3) The company ' s capacity to produce is not as high as expected: the company ' s current right to raise funds to integrate mining is at risk of not moving as fast as expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.