Accompaniment batteries are in place, with the performance cut-off point summarizing the performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre: the company achieved business income of $3.551 billion in 2021, an increase of 46.63 per cent over the same period;
The net profit is now 0.4 billion yuan, an increase of 33.30 per cent in the same year; net profit from non-mortality — 113 million yuan — a significant increase in power cell operations and a doubling of demand driven by downstream highs. In 2021, the cumulative sales of new global energy vehicles amounted to 2.41 million vehicles, an increase of 170 per cent in the same year.
Continuation of the accelerated listing of new models; US President Biden's high-profile policy of adding a new energy vehicle subsidy, which is expected to increase steadily in the future, is driven by the state of the new energy vehicle industry, which in 2021 h1, has accumulated 58.2gwhh in power batteries, a 174% increase, of which the production of lithium phosphate is heavy.
A total of 30.8gwh, or 53% of total production, represents a significant increase compared to 2020. The company, as a deep participant in the power cell industry, was ranked fifth in the reporting period, with 2.89gwh, or 5.4%, of the power cell load, with 12% of the company’s key product, lithium phosphate, and third in the country.
In the field of storage, companies continue to deepen their cooperation with companies such as Hua-hung, the Chinese Tower, and the national electricity grid to open up domestic and foreign storage and energy markets and to innovate in business.
• The future digitalization and circulation of intelligenta units (billion shares) as the electrification of our towns continues and power reform continues.
Environmentally efficient transmission and distribution and control equipment will provide more opportunities for development. After many years of development, 52 weeks of market-priced innovation and product services will be gradually applied to 5g infrastructure, super-high pressure, inter-city high-speed railways, urban rail transport, etc.
Large data centres and areas such as artificial intelligence. During the reporting period, the company’s subsidiary, E.O.E., operated well overall, had a strong influence in the domestic transmission and distribution sector, and had a strong market share in the East China region, where it was expected that the transmission of electricity and new energy operations would benefit from higher growth in the future.
The company’s phosphate lithium battery performance will continue to grow at a high rate, with a three-dimensional route to optimize the company’s product structure and further enhance the firm’s firm’s firm’s firm’s performance certainty. The company’s combined gross revenue growth rate for the next three years is 44%.
Risks of scarcity: oversupply, risk of increased market competition: risk of bad debt loss.1 Popular entry, building of two engines for transmission and transformation and new energy operations, Fatting National High Power Energy Co. Ltd., is fully funded by the current National High School Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”)
A subsidiary, established in May 2006, is one of the first companies in the country to develop, produce and sell, autonomously, lithium ion batteries powered by new energy vehicles, with core technological intellectual property rights. The main products include lithium phosphate and tripods and cores, power cells, and distribution products.
Figure 1: Corporate history is more centralized and decision-making channels are smooth. The owner of the company is Mr. Li Xing, who holds 10.53% of the shares directly, while indirectly holding 15.28% of the company’s shares through Nanjing National Holding Group Limited.
On the evening of May 28, 2020, the company announcement and the popular Chinese equity transfer program included: 1. Cash transfers for Li and Xiaohai's share of 56 million shares; 2. Public participation in companies increased, as compared to 2.
For example, 30% before issuance and 384 million shares after considering conversion. Thereafter, the public will hold 26.47% of the company’s shares and become the first shareholder, but will promise to temporarily waive the additional voting rights acquired and only exercise 13.2% of the voting rights acquired by the transfer.
On 6 April 2021, the company issued a public announcement stating that “the 2020 non-public share application” had been approved by the China Certification Commission. On 6 July 2021, the company issued a public announcement stating that, in order to introduce strategic investors, five directors and board secretaries resigned, nine former board members were promoted to four, and that, in addition to the chairman of the board, two of the company’s technical directors were currently in charge.
The next nine members of the company's board are expected to be five members of the former management team and four members of the “public department.” Figure 2: Changes in corporate equity
The company works actively with the city to set up high-level talent. In 2021, the company's municipality of Hefty, Anhui Province, promoted the introduction of high-level talent and high-quality enterprises, with a very high subsidy of $600,000 for rental and purchase of housing for high-level personnel, PhDs, masters and full-time undergraduates working in the company; and research and development for companies that have been softly introduced from outside the city.
Personnel, 30 per cent of the wages paid on time, are subsidized to companies by up to $500,000. At present, in the area of the new energy automobile industry, composting has been assigned to more than 50 major items of new energy vehicles, and more than 120 enterprises have gone up and down, forming a complete chain of industry covering the whole of the vehicle, key parts, applications, and packages.
Figure 3: New Energy Automobile Industry Cluster (part of enterprises) in Fertilizer City, while the company released its employee holding scheme at the end of 2018, accounting for about 0.7 per cent of the total equity that it had issued at that time, with an increase in the price of 2 raw materials under pressure, and an all-industry chain cut-off point
In 2021, the company experienced a turnaround in its operations, with a strong downstream demand driving up the growth of its revenues. Since its listing in 2015, the annual market's preference for low-energy-density lithium phosphate batteries has declined, resulting in a slow increase in revenue collection. After successfully resisting the risk of remedial payments in 2019, the company earned $6.72 billion in 2020, an increase of 36%.
The first outbreak recovered rapidly, with the year 2020 q3 operating income rising at the same rate as the previous year. Customer demand increased, the pace of production was good, and the growth rate of revenue in 2020 was well ahead of the company. In 2021, H1 achieved a business income of 3.55 billion yuan, an improvement in the company’s customer structure and a reversal in profitability. From 2016 to 2019, the company’s net return on maternity fell.
From 1.03 billion yuan in 2016 to 150 million yuan in 2019, a net-interest loan based on a modest increase in operating income led to high interest costs. In 2021, h1, the company achieved a net return profit of 50 million yuan, a 33% increase.
High-quality mainstream cars, with the company ' s customer structure upgraded. According to the Lithium Start data, the company ' s downstream customers have more overlaps with the industry ' s leading catl and are well funded, so the company ' s future accounts receivable ratio and repayment rate are expected to be higher in the near three years, with the corporate leader ' s accounts receivable remaining at around 20% of business income, and the company ' s share of the business income is large.
From 2015 to 2020, the company’s battery collection will result in the company’s deep-drawing lithium battery market, with a concentration of energy to achieve a scale effect.
From 2015 to 2020, the company’s battery business collected the company’s deep-cultivated lithium battery market, concentrating its energy to achieve a scale effect. Corporate governance is good, dependence on subsidies is reduced, and the 2021 deduction will be re-profited.
The general increase in the prices of upstream raw materials, which is based on the maintenance of a 25 per cent Māori rate, attests to the firm’s strong bargaining power within the industry, its far-reaching configuration and its greater resilience to risk. The company’s current cost ratio has improved, and sales cost rates have decreased significantly.
Marketing costs: In 2020, company sales costs reached their lowest level in a calendar year, and, in addition to the reclassification of “logistic costs” side contributions, the decline in travel and hospitality costs caused by the epidemic contributed to a significant reduction in sales costs during the year. Management costs: in 2020, company management costs decreased significantly from 2019 to 2018 levels.
Financial costs: 18 countries have reached the end of June this year, and the financial costs of h2 companies will be somewhat reduced. The company’s financial costs will continue to be burdened by higher interest costs over the next two years, and 18 countries will still have green debts.
Corporate cash flows are positive and profitability is high. In 2020, net corporate cash flows amounted to $685 million, of which operating cash inflows amounted to $4,439 million, a decrease of 18 per cent from the previous year, and operating cash outflows amounted to $3,754 million from the same year.
In 2020, there was a large gap between the company's “business income and sales of goods, cash received for the provision of services” and the movement of “business costs and cash paid for the purchase of goods and services”.
Of these, operating income was inconsistent with the movement of cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services, which, according to the company, was due mainly to changes arising from product sales cycles, customer structures, and the manner in which the goods were settled. In 2020, companies increased their payments to suppliers in the form of letters receivable and transfers compared to the previous period, reflecting a significant improvement in the overall quality and credibility of downstream customers.
At the end of 2020, the balance of the company’s inventory was about $720 million less than at the end of 2019 (mainly for commodities).
The year was marked by an active drive to digitalize production systems and to expand the market for low-speed vehicles to further digest stocks of batteries, and in the future the company will achieve “zero stocks (finished products)” — the distribution of commodities (billions) — inventory commodities (billions) — other (billions) — stock turnover rates
Downstream electric vehicles are sold well, and the corporate turnover rate is about to rise. The corporate turnover rate of accounts payable is declining year by year, reaching 1.2 times/year by 2020, close to its lowest level ever. From 2015 to 2019, the corporate turnover rate of receivables has declined year by year, and the company has consistently interpreted it as “the company's sales revenue to commercial car customers is higher, and commercial car customers are subject to government revenue”.
Over the same period of the year, there were 0.16 increases, and it is expected that this year the turnover rate of accounts receivable will improve further on the basis of warming in 2020.240gwh, as the demand for high-quality lithium phosphate batteries increases in the market, the share of companies installed has slightly increased, at 5.6 per cent, 5.8 per cent and 6.0 per cent, respectively, in addition to the stable market share of companies with a breakdown, such as storage and electric two-wheeled vehicles.
Assumption 3: Dithium Phosphate battery performance will continue to grow at a high rate, while the engine battery unit price and unit cost will increase steadily with demand at 30% and 20% per year.
Optimize the structure of the company's products and further enhance firm performance certainty. Over the next three years, the combined growth rate of corporate gross revenue will be 44 per cent. Considering the company's leading position on the phosphate route, for the first time it will cover the “holding” rating. Table 4: Comparable corporate valuation
1) the risk of failure to release the company ' s productive capacity; 2) the risk of persistent increases in the price of raw materials and the scarcity of some supplies; 3) the risk of oversupply and increased competition in the market;
No, either directly or indirectly, will not receive any form of compensation for the loss of bad debts because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.