Lithium taps to the top of the new cycle (002074.sz) 07/07/2021
At the industry level, the ratio of phosphate lithium batteries in the use of vehicles has been gradually increasing, with users returning their money for a week.
With a short period of time, we expect a significant increase in power cell loads in 2021 over 2020, and in the next few years, security guidance and monitoring will be expected to improve the quality and consistency of the company’s products as a whole. We expect that the company’s performance will be based on a product performance indicator that is consistent with the Ningde era/Byadi, with a public presence of experts to improve the competitiveness of the company’s products.
Jtm battery technology developed by the company has reached a global leader in terms of energy density, frequency of circulation, etc., and does not lose the battery targets of Ningpa and Biadei.
In the areas of simulation and certification, manufacturing processes, quality control, battery testing, and so on, it is hoped that the company will actively integrate the entire chain of industrial upgrading companies, control the costs of upstream joint ventures, sound downstream extension clients, and the company will actively introduce batteries, positive material, diaphragms, etc., and strengthen core materials (lithium mines, IV).
(Big building materials, support materials, etc.) layout, self-help systems, expanding the breadth and depth of the industrial chain; substantial expansion of downstream demand, with firms steadily moving forward with the expansion plan; concentration of niche resources by client companies, fine-tuning of market competitive strategies, investing in breaking out of power cell market ownership; and a positive branding effect on public access.
It helps to open up business to other high-quality clients.1 National high-quality: second-line taps of the dilemma, from focusing on technology research and development to strategic collaboration with global flagship companies
The company was established in 2006 and was successfully listed in May 2015. The company was one of the first companies in the country to develop, produce, and sell liquid-ion (Lithium ion) batteries for new energy vehicles. The main products include lithium phosphate and trinity materials and electricity.
The products are widely used in new energy vehicles, such as pure electric commercial vehicles, passenger vehicles, logistics vehicles, and hybrid vehicles, and have long-term strategic partnerships with a number of major new energy whole enterprises in the country. In addition, corporate products can be widely used in storage power stations, communications bases, etc.
Figure 1: Companies that have focused on the development and production of power cell products since their creation and are active in developing and improving global supply chains.
The Center, which has been involved in several new energy vehicle innovation projects, has been rated as the National Cnas Accreditation and Testing Centre, and has established global research and development centres in China, Shanghai, Silicon Valley, Cleveland, Singapore, Tsumbo, Japan, Germany, etc., with a high level of scientific research. In power cell operations, according to company annual reports, 2020
The company's power cell load is about 3.27gwh. The industry ranks fifth in the country. The company's long-term main attack on the phosphate lithium tank study has now reached 210wh/kg, with a system energy density of 160wh/kg. In 2020, the phosphate lithium battery was about 2.9gwh, or 88.69% of the company's total battery load.
In addition to lithium phosphate, the company is actively developing triple batteries, expanding industrial chains and markets, and is expected to emerge in the future as a power cell second-line manufacturer. Public access, the age of global electricization.
At the signing ceremony held in Kyoto, the popular Chinese government entered into the new energy cell business in the order of RMB 7.3 billion, representing a 26.47% shareholding as the company’s first shareholder. This entry will improve the company’s financial structure to some extent, give each other a different share, achieve synergies between the two sides in the new energy cell business and upgrade the company’s new energy battery business.
The core competitiveness and overall performance levels will be further enhanced in terms of the company’s ability to expand and finance its operations. In the future, both sides will join forces to develop innovative battery technology and to work together to meet the age of global electric power.
The company’s operating income is divided mainly between lithium-ion battery products and electricity distribution products. From 2016 to 2020, companies have been active in developing their business, even in the context of the fall of new energy subsidies.
Business income has risen steadily. After the 2020 epidemic, the overall high-sintitude and phosphate in the new energy market, the ratio of lithium batteries in vehicles has increased, with companies growing by 35.6 per cent in the same year. The Māori rate is better among their peers. The Māori rate for the high-energy sector fell from 46.93 per cent in 2016 to 2020.
25.23%. The Māori rate is higher horizontally compared to other peer enterprises. The Māori rate in the new energy cell industry has tended to decline as a result of factors such as supply and demand relationships and subsidy drops. The Māori rate fell from 43.7% (2016) to 27.76% (2020) in the industry’s leading Ninde era.
Figure 7: Corporate Māori rates are at a higher level within the industry Figure 6: Corporate Māori rates are declining slightly, and there is room for improvement in the three-fee structure.
Cost rates have increased relatively, management and financial rates have decreased relatively, and financial rates should be at a lower level. While marketing rates have tended to decline, and financial costs have risen significantly since 2019. The biggest impact has been on rapidly rising interest spending, which in 2020 was as high as 3.52 per cent.
Billion dollars. According to the company ' s annual report of 2019, the company spends a significant amount of money to maintain liquidity, mainly as a result of increased bank borrowing and interest payments on green bonds for the current period.
Figure 9: Progressive improvement in the cost of corporate sales Figure 10: Higher corporate R & D rates within industry Figure 11: Higher corporate financial costs than peer companies have some cash pressure
In the last five years, the share of KNCO in power batteries in the country has been at 5-7%. According to the company ' s annual report, the market share of KNHK in 2020 was about 5.15%. The company ' s advantage in the supply of class-based batteries has been gradually gaining penetration into medium- and high-level electric vehicles, steadily increasing to the power cell market.
Field occupancy, with a world-class capacity of 100 gwh in 2025, and a world-class energy service income, net operating cash flow from companies has returned, and the drop point has come back. From 2017 to 2019, the company produced hundreds of millions of dollars of operating capital, which, according to the company ' s 2020 report, is mainly the result of the company ' s current-period bill settlement, which led to an outflow of operating cash.
Accounts receivable as a share of operating income have improved considerably. Since 2016, the accounts receivable of the high school have increased continuously. In 2020, the high school accounts receivable amounted to $7,623 million, compared to $6,724 million in that year.
The share of corporate receivables in operating income is much lower (in relation to product composition/customer structure, the share of commercial car customers in the public phosphorus-acid lithium batteries, the length of the commercial car account for 23.30%, 27.61% and the industry on average 46.84% in the Ningde era.
Corporate accounts receivable as a percentage of operating income is expected to improve significantly as a result of the increase in vehicle usage. There has been an improvement in the marginality of accounts receivable since 2020. Although the absolute value of accounts receivable has continued to rise, accounts receivable as a percentage of operating income has increased even more, and accounts receivable as a percentage of operating income and as a percentage of working days have been reduced
Similar to accounts receivable, the reserve for bad debts has been increasing since 2016, and in 2020, the reserve for bad debts was $1,036 million, accounting for that year.
The balance of the company’s accounts receivable as a percentage of operating income has declined, the balance of the accounts receivable as a percentage of operating income has increased, and we expect that the company’s future pressure on accounts receivable will gradually ease.
This is mainly due to rapid digestion of inventories, such as discounts, in order to accelerate stock flow, which has led to an increase in stock price readiness rates. Companies have adopted a relatively prudent stock fall preparation strategy.
The German era, given the relative controllability of the stock/business income ratio, still has almost the highest stock levels in the industry, stock pressure is relatively high in the high-value sector, stock falls have a significant impact on the financial data situation of the company as a whole, and companies have adopted the same intensity as they did in the Nender era instead of taking a conservative approach.
In the field of deep-farming power batteries, mass-to-equity enhancement of corporate overall competitiveness 2.1, extensive R & D inputs, multi-proprietary and over-restrictive core team technical capabilities National High School focuses on the R & D and investment of powered lithium batteries by establishing six major R & D centres around the globe to co-manufacture them.
The new stations, Qingjiang County, Bao River Region and Shanghai have set up testing and testing platforms, and are fully committed to building a whole series of power cells for the development of materials science, battery structures, product design, manufacturing engineering and national cnas testing tests.
The core members include a number of high-level talent, such as the National Plan for People's Entrepreneurs, the Anhui Department's Industrial Innovation Team 115, the Department's Strategic and Emerging Industries Technology Leadership, the State of China's Excellence, the European and American Doctor of Retrieving Studies, and overseas experts. The company continues to promote projects such as the Global Programme of Excellence, the Youth Leadership Training Camp, and is developing.
The company values research and innovation in products and technologies, spends more on research and development inputs every year, continuously guarantees 611 patents for lithium electric inventions (including 54 foreign authorized inventions), authorizes 1,605 patents for practical new designs and 309 patents for visual designs, and publishes 243 research papers cumulatively, of which sci23 and 139 core publications;
Registered software has 104 copyrights, intellectual property covers the whole life cycle of lithium batteries, including lithium battery development, production, figure 22: annual increases in investment in high-tech research and development.
Equity incentives help managers, employees and companies to share their interests, share risks, enhance the cohesiveness of management teams and the competitiveness of companies, as well as stabilize and attract excellence and promote firm stability and healthy development.
According to the Institute of High Industries (ggii), in 2020, the amount of power batteries installed by companies was about
3.27 gwh, with a share of about 5.2% in the country ' s municipalities, the industry ranks fifth in the country, with a capacity of approximately 2.9 gwh, or 12.06% of the total number of lithium phosphate batteries on the domestic market, ranking third in the country.In the case of lithium phosphate products, companies have developed indicators of core energy density, life cycle, etc. that have reached industry levels
Highest level. The energy density of the company's core monomer has passed 210wh/kg, system energy density has reached 160wh/kg, life cycle has reached 3,000 weeks, and has performed well in terms of safety, economic performance, circulation performance, etc.
The core reaches the highest energy density known to industry as the phosphate lithium core. The product ' s best performance is achieved through the use of home-grown high-performance positive iron, lithium material, high-g-capacity silicon negative-polar material, advanced pre-lithification technology to improve battery power.
In addition to the structural and material innovation capabilities of the phosphate lithium technology reserve, the thorium high school has focused on the development of innovative structural programmes such as large cylinders and jtm, constantly breaking the limit of the application of phosphate lithium. jtm (jellyrolltomodule, from roll core to module) technology refers to the direct placement of roll cores in the module and the completion of production at one time to increase the size of the battery.
Compared to the energy density. This process is simple, low-cost, easy to standardize and easy to recycle. Figure 25: The patent for jtm technology.
With regard to material technology, the company has been insisting on the autonomous development, autonomous supply and successful realization of the phosphate-diathysythropod material.
Three-dimensional material development and industrialization. In intelligent production, the production line of lithium phosphate has been automated, the production line of da standard three battery has been fully automated and the pack production line has been highly modularized, further improving production efficiency.
Put the blade-shaped long core directly into a battery bag, and increase the space utilization of the battery bag by 50%.
[jtm(jellyrolltomodule] Unique integration of the core directly into the battery package, technological innovation of jtm (from roll core to module), j
The overall use of the battery bag has increased.
The process is 15-20%, the number of spare parts is reduced, and the aluminium caps are kept in the matrix and the cores are finished at once.
The cost of panels and packs decreased by 33 per cent; the cost of energy, humans, manufacturing and bms decreased by 20 per cent as a result of process optimization and zero items by 15 per cent).
2.3. Deep-farming industrial chains, upstream joint venture control costs, downstream robust expansion of clients 2.3.1, focus on working with the industrial chain upstream, core raw materials self-controlled power cell tapers, structured the entire industry chain through investment and cooperation.
It's a fast-growing phase that meets the consumer's mileage requirement, starting in 2020 to test the power cell industry for further downgrading. From a cost-control point of view, the Ningde era, the lig chemical vertical industrial chain integration and transversalization are the most well-developed to cross-cutting layouts, followed by Biadey and the company with the capacity to integrate the entire industry chain of resources and take the lead.
Companies are actively introducing batteries, positive and negative materials, diaphragms, etc., up-to-down and downstream support companies, enhancing the layout of core materials (lithium mines, four main materials, support materials, etc.), completing self-supply systems, and expanding the breadth and depth of the industrial chain.
From materials to ancillary products, the industrial chain is integrated upstream and downstream, effectively controls the various links in the chain, achieves cost advantages in combination with scale effects, and achieves clear competitive advantages in terms of production management, cost control, product quality, market diffusion.
Table 2: Control of raw material costs at companies ' own/joint venture upstream raw materials. 2.3.2. Public Intake High Bank has a positive strategic significance for each other ' s operations.
On May 29, 2020, the group announced an investment of about 1.1 billion euros, thereby acquiring 26% of the shares of the Chinese battery company, Xing Gao, and becoming its major shareholder. According to the terms of the agreement, the popular Chinese would enter the market and become a major shareholder.
Certification suppliers have the opportunity to supply battery products to mass motor vehicles in the Chinese market; the acquisition of the National High School is an important entry point to the entire battery value chain for the public, and joint efforts to strengthen research and development in the battery sector are crucial to the implementation of a mass vehicle electricization strategy.
On the one hand, the general public has access to a more secure supply of diversified batteries by entering the stock capital high school. According to the mass car group (China), the public plan is to deliver 1.5 million new power-sourced vehicles in China by 2025, using 60 degrees of electricity per vehicle, adding a battery capacity of about 100 gwh by just one supplier.
In response to the huge market demand, the general public worked with top companies like Ningde, Samsti, and lig chemistry. In addition to Goku, the public invested four companies in new energy-powered battery business.
Table 3: Mass groups have invested globally in four power cell taps that are operating in high-tech countries, while the public is able to participate deeply in the chain of battery cores. In addition to contributing to the diversification of the battery supply chain, the public is able to participate in the full value chain in the production of electric cars and cell cores.
In the meantime, joint efforts to strengthen research and development in the area of batteries are of paramount importance for the implementation of the motorization strategy for public cars. In addition, the advantages of the phosphate lithium technology are more compatible with the small electric vehicles produced by the Jiang Xiaohua public, which are more price-sensitive.
To sum up, the public’s future planning for their own electric vehicles and the huge demand for batteries into the stock market not only stabilizes the supply of their own batteries, but also provides the basis for future military battery production. For the public finance support is expected to continue to support high-level research and development investment in the company’s products in the market.
The mass investment state’s high school and its follow-up personnel are expected to enhance the country’s research and development capabilities, product quality, production processes, and even the expansion of overseas markets. The popular Chinese side is helping the country’s high school students.
In addition, the public Chinese and the national Chinese high school have set up a technical project group on the non-hot diffusion (ntp) which is comprehensive in both main and passive ways, using both core and module levels.
People’s owners will also be given financial endorsements, and companies will have easier access to financial advantages, such as bank loans, at lower prices, and lower financial costs. The adoption of public production standards will also open up foreign markets for support companies.
In the area of corporate finance, the public will assign experienced finance managers to consolidate their financial resources, thereby further improving corporate financial governance; building and improving financial management systems and processes; and improving the flow of controls over costs, costs, investments and funds.
2.3.3. Co-operative plant construction by car and power cell manufacturers or one of the main trends in the future.
Powerday activities show that public research and development centres are developing four cores, including lithium phosphate batteries, three-dollar lithium batteries, manganese batteries and solid-state batteries. Six power cell plants with an annual capacity of up to 40gwh will be established in Europe in 10 years, with partners, with a total capacity of 240gwh per year.
In Sweden, the battery factory set up by Skellefteå will be in operation in 2023, and the battery factory set up in Salzburg, Germany, will be in operation in 2025. The popular project shows that the public will be determined to self-research in the field of power cells, supported by suppliers. This has been the case with cars, including Tesla. Tesla is the first.
A company that publicly said that it built its own battery production line, the Wall also said that it was going to build a 200gwh battery factory. However, the Ninder era plans to build a large battery plant in Shanghai that will supply Tesla with half of the world's power cells and storage.
Enterprises that intend to build their own battery plants work with the Ninder era to ensure supply, suggesting that the short-term collaboration between car companies and suppliers remains the best strategic layout. In the short term, the company will face many practical difficulties in building its own self-propelled batteries, which are the best at the moment.
Now, the penetration rate of the electric car is rising rapidly, the market climate is high, and if there are orders that don't supply batteries, the opportunity for development will be missed, leaving space for other competitors. Reference is made to the Great Wall's hive speed, which is planned to expand to 200gwh by 5 years, until 2025, but the auto factory will be supplied with a few years of empty supply.
Window period. Battery time, price competitiveness and supply chain security are the first. The middle of the entire chain of production, that is, battery supply, is the most critical link, and vehicle companies actively seek cooperation with battery manufacturers.
One of the most cost-effective and central components is the area of focus of individual car companies. With efficient self-generated batteries, on the one hand, it is hoped that the core areas will be more cost-controlled and that they will not be easily subject to external pressure in commercial competition, so that well-funded individual car plants will try to develop and produce batteries themselves in the medium and long term;
Another type of car company will choose to focus on whole-car integration, will continue to purchase electricity in partnership with power cell operators by 2.3.4, maintain existing customers, actively explore first-class car customers, and the company will be on board.
In 2020, the company entered the core supply chain of General Mitsubishi and became a supplier of best-selling vehicles, such as macrominiev, Bozoe 300. The company’s collaboration with General Mitsubishi is still increasing, and the number of orders is increasing.
In the top ten cases, apart from Biadi (self-produced batteries), wide-air vehicles (i.e., lithium) and upper-air Mitsubishi (i.e., Mitsubishi).
With the exception of Xing Gaoko I and Chiri's car, one of the remaining six companies was in the Ningde era, with a share of more than 50%. In addition, with the exception of cars, which are purchased from multiple power batteries and manufacturers, the company wants to avoid the risk of a single supplier speaking too strongly through decentralized procurement. So, let's move.
The power and battery industry is now well positioned in the Ningde era, but automobile companies also need quality supplies, which we expect to provide well-off benefits from industry growth and to grow rapidly. With the current size, product competitiveness, and technology reserves of the National High School, we believe that the National High School is expected to maintain a high level of competition in the country’s second-line power cell industry.
Table 5: Battery supply for the top 10 new energy car manufacturers in the country: Güncho is the main supplier of the vans Ventin and Chirre, which concentrates their leverage resources, refines market competitive strategies, and invests in breaking through the power cell market.
The company is currently the main supplier of a00-grade electric cars in the country, and according to the Securities Times, in May 2021, the company worked with a scooter to supply the latter with a core and to produce a good quantity of goods. In addition to the scooter, the company has been able to run and deliver.
The Ritz vehicles under the flag of shares have determined that they will purchase power batteries from the company, while the company has submitted a sample to the Great Wall's Ora, which is expected to integrate the Wall into its client system.
The country’s mainstream two-wheeler companies cooperate. Fostering overseas markets, stabilizing the Netherlands’ inherent market share of ebusco, Indian tata, United States of America, etc., and promoting strategic cooperation with world-renowned car companies.3 Industry space is large and growth is more certain.
3.1 The global penetration rate of new energy vehicles will increase rapidly, and the new energy vehicle market will explode rapidly from 2021 to the present time. According to the Chinese Air Association, the sales of new energy vehicles in May 2021 amounted to 217,000 vehicles, a significant increase of 159.7 per cent over the same period, with the ring increasing by 5.4 per cent, and a cumulative increase in new energy vehicles in January-May 2021.
A total of 950,000 vehicles were sold, an increase of 224.2 per cent over the previous year. The reason for the fires in 2021 was, inter alia, the following: (i) car companies focus on new energy vehicles, a large number of new energy models are being introduced, medium- and low-end packages are complete, entry-level vehicles are at par with fuel trucks, and medium- and high-end vehicles have better driving experience than fuel trucks of the same grade;
(2) At the policy level (subsidies, purchase taxes, limits) there are still incentives for new energy vehicles; (3) new energy vehicles are clearly ahead of traditional fuel trucks in the direction of intelligence, giving consumers a new sense of experience; (4) new energy vehicles are less expensive for electricity consumption than oil and are easier to charge after the grid is widely available. We expect that the domestic market for new energy vehicles will be higher throughout the year 2021.
Two hundred and fifty-eight thousand vehicles, an increase of 99.49 per cent in the same year, and an appropriate slowdown in 2022 and 2023, corresponding to an annual increase in sales to the absolute mainstream of pure electric power in new domestic energy vehicles, which is expected to remain at a higher level in the future. The share of pure electric power in new energy vehicles is about 82 per cent, and the share of pure electric power in commercial vehicles is about 93 per cent.
Charges are becoming easier to charge; (2) battery costs are falling, tram prices are down, the market for pure electric vehicles is expected to increase steadily, and the average number of new energy vehicles in the country is expected to rise steadily. We expect that there will be no significant increase in the number of new energy vehicles in the country in a short period of time, mainly for two reasons, namely, the growing market rate for phosphate lithium batteries.
High, based on limited battery space, the amount of phosphate-based lithium batteries in the vehicle is more electrical than the size of the tri-dollar battery in 2019, and it is difficult to significantly increase the amount of single-car charge when applied; and secondly, the construction of chargeposts is becoming more sophisticated, the charger is becoming more convenient, and consumer dependence on high-scaling mileage trains is decreasing. At the same time, we believe that single-car loads will continue to increase.
There are also two reasons for the long-term dynamics, namely, the gradual expansion of the use of better-technology, more energy-density batteries, and the push to boost single-car power in the same size, and the prospect of wider application of the high nickel trinity (ncm811, etc.) as high nickel technology continues to develop.
Figure 28: A small increase is expected in the overall load by vehicle, which contributes to the main load increase. According to the Chinese Air Association, the cumulative volume of new energy vehicles sold in January-May 2021 was 950,000, an increase of 224.2 per cent over the same period, representing an increase of 24.5 per cent in the cumulative number of new energy vehicles sold by 89.88 million.
The cumulative volume of new energy commercial vehicles is about 52,000, an increase of 80% in the same year. Sales of new energy vehicles are increasing at a significantly faster rate than those of new energy commercial vehicles, and the increase in installed aircraft is also largely attributable to the use of vehicles.
Monthly data on power cell production in May 2021 for the country totaled 13.8gwh, an increase of 165.8% in the same year, with 3-dollar batteries producing approximately 5gwh, a rise of 36.2%, a rise of 62.9%, and phosphate lithium batteries, a rise of 8.8gwh, a rise of 31.7% in the same year, in the first half of 2021.
At the same time, in May 2021, the Ministry of Industry and Communications announced a new batch of cars, with a new model of vehicles, represented by small pelicans, opting to add a new version of lithium phosphate to the previous three-dollar base. Many of the new medium- and high-end energy vehicles have a new version of lithium phosphate, and we expect the market share of lithium phosphate batteries to continue.
There is a significant increase in the total domestic power cell demand, which is expected to exceed 200 gwh in 2023, with lithium phosphate and tri-dollar batteries split equally. We expect overseas power cell demand to reach 200 gwh in 2023, except for China and abroad.
3.2. Major expansion of the new energy market is taking place at the top of the industry, with both domestic and foreign major power cell manufacturers issuing announcements for expansion of capacity between the end of 2020 and the beginning of 2021. Since 2020, the penetration rate of new global energy vehicles has gradually risen to more than 5 per cent and is now permeating.
In order to meet rapidly growing downstream markets, power cell manufacturers in the middle of the industrial chain are actively expanding their “war preparations” and domestic manufacturers of lig chemistry, pineapple, etc., represented in the Ningde era, Biadey, and Gokko, as well as abroad, have significantly increased their capacity.
Strong, high-quality, cost-controlled battery manufacturers are expected to benefit. 3.3. Global demand for lithium storage is expected to increase from 42.58gwh in 2021 to 181.05gwh.
The company's exploration of storage energy operations began in 2014 and gained more experience in 2014 - 2015 in the integration and transmission of storage power plants. In September 2016, the Ministry of Storage Energy was established, and in June 2018, the Governor of Jiangsu town, using the phosphate-specific lithium batteries of the State phosphorus monolithate, was used.
In September 2020, a joint venture, the Shanghai Electric Power Company, produced a 5gwh storage battery, with production requirements, and our revenue split and projections for 2021-2023 were based on the following assumptions:
Key players in the lithium market are expected to fully enjoy the dividends of the rapid rise in demand in the industry, while firms are expected to build up a highly structured industrial chain, contain upstream costs, enhance quality control of company products after public equity, and further increase the overall competitiveness of the company's products, facilitate the development of downstream customers, and continue to improve the company's performance in the future.
Table 11: The current overall valuation of the power cell industry is high, high performance growth is expected to gradually absorb high valuations The net profit of technology is low and the current market value corresponds to an unusually large p/e value so that the average market value of the comparable corporate yield of 2021e is calculated without including fructine technology The safety of the industry ' s technology change battery, increased competition in other two-column strong expansion industries, and insufficient cooperation with the general public