There has been a steady growth in tradable equipment, new equipment has continued to break through the South-West Securities Institute, company track equipment operations have grown steadily, and new equipment, such as semiconductors, has continued to break through and has increased profitability.
The diversification development strategy promotes the optimization of business structures and the enhancement of corporate profitability. In 2024, the track traffic loading rate rose from 6.2 to 37.8 per cent for ready operations, from 0.6 to 25.0 per cent for new equipment operations, and from 0.6 to 25.0 per cent for track transport, along with new equipment, drove company performance growth. In 2024, it benefited from railway investment.
The positive effects of growth, the growth of passenger flows, the growth of iron-tendered cars and high-level tenders are expected to result in steady growth of the market position of the company, which is in the order of $540 million, i.e. +15.9 per cent of the year, in the breakdown of power semiconductors, new energy vehicles, sensors, etc.
• We are expected to achieve steady growth in our performance as a result of the equipment replacement policy, which stimulates the implementation of stage V repairs. We are already in a critical phase of up-to-date implementation, in accordance with the 2012-2015 phase V repairs. Central promotion of a new round of large-scale equipment upgrades, with the current phase-out of railways in-house combustion vehicles still pending a large-scale start-up, as of now.
By the end of 2023, we had about 7,800 cars in the country, old (more than 30 years), about 50% of them, and now we're on the verge of turning off replacements; and the need to upgrade our urban track markets is expected to be released gradually. The company is the leader of mechanical and electrical equipment, such as our track, the trade-to-trading currents system, and in 2024, the company continued to develop new products in the railway sector.
The new market, with orders from the new energy locomotive tractor system, complete packages for the Cr450 model vehicle and 20,000 tons of bulk applications for autopilots. The urban towed system’s share of domestic municipalities has remained at 50%, leading the business for 13 consecutive years; and the company’s communication signal operations, power supply system operations, door business.
Continuous breakthroughs are expected to continue to benefit from the release of industry ' s renewed demand. Two-wheel drive, steady improvement in performance
Four major breakdowns of operations, such as machinery, communication signal systems, and other orbital transport equipment. By 2030, the country’s railway line was still growing in its entirety, and tenders for vehicles such as cars, locomotives, vans, buses, etc. were expected to remain stable for the period 2025-2027. Taking into account such factors as the accelerated phase-out of locomotives and the accelerated bidding process for stage V repairs, it is expected that the company’s turnover equipment plate 2025-2027 will be maintained.
The overall order rate was 9 per cent, 7 per cent and 7 per cent; as the high-iron unit advanced the related business, the company’s plate was raised, assuming 2: Emerging equipment business: the company’s business consisted mainly of power semiconductor devices, industrial transformation products, new energy, motor power systems, seamen’s equipment and sensors operations; and as the national “double carbon” strategy advanced, the State Department’s report on the state’s strategy
The top-level design document for accelerating a comprehensive green transition for economic and social development has been released and is expected to continue to grow rapidly in such operations as power semiconductors, new energy vehicles, sensors, wind-hydrogen storage, etc., which are well aligned with the green energy-efficient and low-carbon height; the company is expected to increase the overall order of the plate at 18%, 14%, and 14% for the period 2025-2027.
As assumed above, the cost of our income is as follows: Time Electric has formed a complete industrial chain structure with “baseware plus devices and systems plus whole systems and engineering” in the areas of orbital transport, new energy generation, electrical electronics, motor power, industrial electricity, seaworks, etc.
We picked Chinese Chinese cars and Chinese Express, which belong to the orbital field of transport downstream, as comparable public divisions with two comparable companies, with an average of 15 to 14 times the average per cent in 2025-2026; and reference companies, with a gross profit ratio, we picked a stag semiconductor similar to the company's semiconductor, the new energy business downstream, and Sinkkawa technology as its new equipment industry.
For comparable companies, the average of two comparable companies in the period 2025-2026 is 28 to 23 times the average.