A steady growth in performance, with track + semiconductor continuing towards good performance rating in the first quarter of 2025 Time Electric (stock code: 688187.sh)
Event: Corporate performance published in the first quarter of 2025. 25q1 company realized operating income of $4.537 billion, an increase of 14.81 per cent over the same period; net profit from repatriation of $631 million, an increase of 13.42 per cent over the same period; double-wheel drive from withholding non-trading equipment + emerging equipment, a steady increase in performance during the quarter.
Achieving revenues of 2,347 million yuan, an increase of 10.72 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, track electrical equipment earned 1,923 million yuan, an increase of 18.89 per cent over the same period; orbital engineering machinery earned 153 million yuan, a decrease of 48 per cent over the same period; communications, signal systems, $133 million, a decrease of 6.5 per cent over the same period; and other track equipment operations, an increase of 138 million yuan.
: lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn 20.5 million yuan, a significant increase of 400.41 per cent in the same year; seamen earn $169 million in equipment, a decline in the same year
The increase in calibre of 3.84 pct over the same year was mainly due to a high Māori rate of higher earnings from track electrical equipment and higher revenues from the base piece of new equipment; the net interest rate for sales was 15.18 per cent, and the corresponding/ring ratio was 0.47 pct/+0.37 pct. The cost rate remained stable during the company period, while the sales/management/financial cost rate was stable during the quarter.
Wang Xia Xia is in the climb stage and is expected to reach production this year; the 8-inch-sic crystal line of the 3-stage Chiazhou is expected to be closed by the end of the year. The company's semiconductor business is well established in the new energy car market, with 25q1 semiconductors.
The company’s revenue grew by 22.63% over the same period. The company’s capacity to build new lines of production is being released to support the rapid and sustained growth of new equipment.
Products such as equipment, leading the market, are expected to benefit from the development of deep-sea technology. Investment advice: company rail equipment operations are expected to benefit from railway highs + demand for rail cover + actual circulationa shares (million shares)
[Galaxy] Company Review _ Time Electric (688187.sh): Performance meets expectations and profitability increases steadily I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom; Bachelor of Science and Technology, University of Shandong; three years of experience in science and technology industry studies; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.