The Center for Resource and Environmental Research has achieved a 64 per cent increase in net profit returns and a new opportunity for White Cloud 2 The company 2018q1 has achieved a business income of $34.10 billion, an increase of 10.1 per cent over the same period; it has been placed on the public market.
The net profit of the division’s shareholders was 2.54 billion yuan, an increase of 64.1 per cent over the same year, and performance growth was higher than expected. 0.2 pct, the rpk increase was similar to the rate of increase in revenue, and the overall per capita passenger kilometre gain was expected to be the same.
1. “The decline in passenger kilometre earnings, the appreciation of the renminbi by about 1,800 places, and the company’s capacity input may accelerate during the summer and autumn season.” Oil withholding costs are properly regulated and performance growth is higher than expected: 218q1 company business costs of 29.17 billion, with the same level of growth expected.
2. " Or the top-down beneficiary of the air situation -- over-expected results, increased efficiency in the use of aviation oil with the introduction of new aircraft, combined with comprehensive budget management, plus 3. " Demand over-expected passenger rate surges, leaving only fare " .
The exchange rate gains exceeded 1.2 billion, reducing financial costs by 1.18 billion. Cost control and exchange gains resulted in higher than expected growth in company performance of 2018q1.
South China, as a member of Japan and the largest base company in White Cloud, will be relocated to t2 in May. The design takes full account of South China’s needs, and the company may be able to increase at the main moment.
40%. White Cloud 2 and the new Beijing airport will be effective in raising the market share of the first line of South China. In the current context of the rising landscape of the first line of navigation and the gradual decline of ticket prices, South China could achieve a high rate of growth if it takes advantage of this opportunity, optimizes the structure of the route and raises the level of profitability.
South Air is the largest country in terms of fleet size and time markets, the second largest market in the country and the international world, the Yellow Sea.
South-East Asia has a significant market advantage: either this round of aviation macroeconomic downturns brought about by a contraction in supply and marketized fares, extreme events, and higher oil prices than expected.
Figure 2: South aviation as a whole and its rate of increase
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment