Gold is the only company in the business, the only company in the business, the company in the business, the company in charge of mineral wealth, resource retention and production.
In 2021, the company achieved 20 tons of mineral gold, representing 7.7 per cent of the country ' s mineral gold production, ranking fourth in the country. To date, the company has 32 gold mines, of which 2.37 million tons of copper and metal, with 639 square kilometres of mineral rights; and in the first half of 2022,
During the year, 10.2 tons of new gold and 1127 tons of copper and metals were added. 1. Acquisition of good-quality assets, co-exist of copper and gold. 1) Acquisition of 90 per cent of the share of the mining industry in Mongolia, which was concentrated by the end of 2021
The net profits were attributed to the company, contributing 62.0 per cent of the company's net profits, significantly exceeding its performance by more than tons of tons, 27.3 tons of smelting gold, 292.5 tons of smelting silver, 398,000 tons of cathode copper, using the world's most advanced level of “oxybolic-blowing gold trap”.
• The Group is committed to injecting high-quality assets, and so far, the Gold Group has been scheduled to issue the highest/minimum price to the company in all forms in a phased manner within 52 weeks.
Of the 27 companies that entered and pledged to inject, 5 have yet to be infused. Of these, more than 300 tons of sarin gold resources in the gold mining sector in Lei County are currently in the prospecting phase; and the production of the gold pots, Jinfeng in Guozhou and Da Yiyang in Hebei in Inner Mongolia is already in place and will be injected.
China Gold Group Ltd. has brought about an increase in production of 5 tons. A series of economic data indicate a slowdown in the United States economy, accompanied by stronger recessionary expectations.
On the evening of 6 January, the non-farm employment of the United States in December increased by 22.3 million, above the forecast of 200,000 and below the previous value of 256,000, a marked slowdown; and, at the same time, the United States non-farm and multi-economic data for December suggest a slowdown in the United States economy and a further containment of inflation, although
The Fed’s latest report has released a biased “hawk” attitude, with gold prices still rising strongly, reaching a recent high of nearly US$ 1900 per ounce of comex gold. Moreover, central banks have increased their gold innovation, and the Fed’s interest hike has reached its final stage, among other things.
Gold prices are expected to rise further, as the properties of the gold hedge are highlighted. Gold price volatility is higher than expected; United States economic policy changes; and production is lower than expected.
On 23 June 2000, China Gold was founded by China Gold Group Ltd., a former founder of China Gold Group Limited, and co-sponsored by China Gold General Corporation, in association with six other companies. On 14 August 2003, the company led the gold industry nationwide.
Listed on the market as “China's gold first share”, shares called “China gold” and stock code “China gold”, shares code “600489.” Companies are mainly engaged in geological exploration, selection, smelting, and investment and management of non-ferrous metals such as gold, copper, etc. The company's core product is gold, of which the gold series consists of gold concentrates, alloys and standard gold, among others; other products include copper, copper, etc.
Gold endowments are excellent, with 510.5 tons of gold currently in the fourth place in the country; in 2021, the company achieved 20 tons of mineral gold, or 7.7% of the country’s mineral gold production, and ranked fourth in the country.
The company’s operations are carried out mainly through its subsidiaries, which have 54 subsidiaries, such as China’s Golden Jiangxi and Henan Nakahara, of which 32 are mine-owned. The group’s resources are corporate empowerment.
Sets, such as Chinese gold jewellery and Chinese gold trading, which are responsible, respectively, for geological surveys, engineering design and construction, product extension and marketing, and procurement of equipment and bulk goods of the Consortium, will provide strong support for the company ' s prospecting storage, resource possession, project construction, extension of the industrial chain, intensive procurement, cost reduction, etc.
1.2 Exploration for increased storage, implementation of the Resource Lifeline strategy, corporate resource endowments and low-cost production advantages. To date, the company has 32 gold mines, 27 of which are in production. Mineral resource endowments are given a higher grade of gold ore, such as Xianjin Won, Liaoning Two Trench, and Gold in the Wall.
High to 15.26 g/t: In addition, there is a clear positive advantage in the development of a gold-copper-alonged mine by Hubei Santung, Lake North Chicken Clan Hill, and An Qi Taiping. In China, companies such as the Golden Jiangxi, Liaoning, Heading Dynasty, and Lake North Santung produce more productively, producing more than 1 ton per year, contributing 57.0% of their total production, and scalding production reduces production costs.
Increased investment in additional deposits of prospecting and new progress in resource expansion. By the end of 2021, the company had retained a resource reserve of gold and metals with a continuous area of 73.88 square kilometres; a cumulative investment of $95.9 million in geological prospecting to complete pit exploration of 38,000 metres, drilling works 7.2 Chart 3: additional reserves (tons)
In 2021, the company pushed ahead with project construction and focused projects. In September, the Liaoning new capital relocation project was scheduled to complete the project, achieve the completion target, and add 3.44 tons of smelting.
Nationally focused mining belts, well-positioned, with high potential, have the advantage of further resource access. Corporate shareholders’ commitment to high-quality capital injections, company mergers and acquisitions of gold resources through the market, deep and peripheral mineral deposits for prospecting, and domestic integration of mineral rights, will provide resources for the sustainable development of the company.
1.3 Performance increases, with gold and copper as the main driving force, gold products as the main source of revenue structure, and copper products as their share of revenue has increased year by year. In 2021, the company's gold operations achieved $34,978 million and its share was about 62 per cent, which is about 16 pct less than last year: copper products accounted for 280.19.
In 2021, the gross profits on copper products exceeded the gross profits on gold. In 2021, the gross profits on corporate gold were 2,379 million yuan, down from last year.
43.8% less, Māori 6.8% less, 4.43pt less than last year ' s year ' s year-on-year; corporate copper products achieved gross profits of $2.928 billion, a significant increase of 73% over last year ' s year, Māori 10.45%, an increase of 1.53 pt over last year ' s, and Māori for copper products outpacing gold products.
The financial costs were 0.6/12.3.26 million yuan, with a combined cost of $1.55 billion, a decline of 9.8 per cent over the same period; the three-cost rate of 3.88 per cent, with the firm cumulatively achieving a reduction of $203 million in efficiency gains, and a strong push to reverse the deficit and meet the governance target of 50 per cent reduction in the three-year deficit of the State Treasury Board's top-line losses.
Firms insist on innovation-driven investment in R & D. In combination with the real needs of production operations, they actively promote and quote “new technologies, new processes, new equipment and new materials”, and in 2021 they invested $631 million in R & D, an increase of 6.66%, received 17 awards for science and technology from ministries and above, and received 66 patents, among which they authorized the invention of seven patents; they owned high-tech companies.
Mining gold production has declined in recent years and is expected to improve in the future. 1) Mining gold production in 2021 was 20 tons, a decrease of 8 per cent in the same year, accounting for 7.7 per cent of the country’s total mineral gold production.
The sales of mineral copper and electrolytic copper have been increasing. 1) Mineral copper production in 2021 was 8.13 million tons, or 0.09 per cent more than the previous year, and sales were 6.98 million tons, or 17.9 per cent less than the same year; the small increase in copper production in mines was mainly due to the increase in the mineral production of three gold coppers in Lake North. 2) Electrolysis copper production in 2021 was 40.17 tons, or 19.23 per cent more than the same year, and sales were 40.03 tons, or 18.76 per cent more than the same year.
(c) The decision to implement a reorganization and accompanying fund-raising plan in November of that year, whereby listed companies would raise their stocks to no more than 10 investors.
(b) The amount of the equity share in this collection does not exceed 20 per cent of the total equity before the date of issuance, i.e., 690 million shares; prior to the restructuring of the company, China gold and gold were to introduce specific investors to replenish the primary smelters and reduce their asset-liability ratios;
Upon completion, China Gold will issue shares and pay cash purchases to trading parties such as the China Gold Group and selected investors: (1) issue shares to the China Gold Group and pay cash to purchase 90.00 per cent of the share of the Inner Mongolia Mining in its possession; (2) issue shares to the strategic investor countries for their new assets, the New China Enterprise Fund, the China China China Bank Fund, and the rich countries of East China for the creation of the East and the Bank of Agriculture for the purchase of their holdings
After this transaction, the Chinese smelter became the full owner of the gold in China, with an increase of 485 million shares and a change in equity on 30 March 2020.
2.1 China Smelting Plants: Large Smelting Plants with the world ' s leading processes