On 26 March 2023, the gold industry was the only company in the world with good business performance. The company is mainly engaged in gold, copper, etc.
\triangleright geological survey, selection, smelting, investment and management of metals; core products are gold, of which gold series includes gold concentrates, alloys, and standard gold.
The company has 54 subsidiaries, 32 of which own mines. In 2022, q1-q3 achieved 4036 million won, resulting in a net profit of 1.716 billion gold + copper, and a clear resource endowment advantage. As of 2021, the company retained its resource reserves.
\triangleright 510.5 tons of gold metal, 2.37 million tons of copper metal, 639 square kilometres of mineral rights, and the fourth largest source of gold in the country. The company currently owns 32 gold mines, 27 of which are in production, and the entire mine.
Qiuzu has a higher grade, with an average of 20 mines with a grade of 3 g/t or more. Most of the company’s mines are distributed throughout the country, yielding 20 tons of mineral gold and copper from mines, and 8.13 million tons of copper from mines in Mongolia, the main subsidiary.
The net profit on industrial rights of 741 million yuan, the net profit on mining rights of 1,165 million yuan in 2021, was overachieved by the construction industry of Zhang and performance commitments; the “Oxygen-Blowing Gold”, developed autonomously by the China Harbour Mills, was in the forefront of the industry, and in the second,
State-owned reforms are moving steadily, unleashing new dynamics. Under the leadership of the parent corporate group, companies build up \triangleright.
The three-year programme of action for the reform of state enterprises, which promotes public recruitment and socialization of middle- and senior-level cadres, and the establishment of public competitions for posts above the level of the Ministry’s deputy general manager, thus breaking the job-fixing phenomenon. The company optimizes the system of income distribution, makes it possible to establish a link between the performance of its work, the gross salary is linked to the budget indicators, and the motivation of its employees is effectively mobilized.
In the first half of 2020, the company completed the first phase of the stock options incentive, fully mobilizing the firm’s core cadres. Group assets are still to be injected, and the potential for performance growth is sustainable.
\triangleright Quarterly Review:   \triangleright \022:
There are six companies, with good prospects for their resources and greater profitability, coupled with the incubatoring of the dependencies group, which will continue to inject 19 potentially high-quality businesses into the future. The stock of the Saaring gold deposits in Central Lai State, to be injected, is expected to significantly increase the company’s resource reserves and profitability.
Profit projection: Given the strong expectation of corporate asset injection, the build-up of the Fed to the end of interest hikes, the future of the recession, the likely start of interest-reduction cycles and the continued increase in central bank purchases, we expect a single platform for gold.
1.1 The company was founded in June 2000 by China Gold Group Ltd., a former founder of China Gold Group Ltd., and co-sponsored six other companies.
In August 2003, the company took the lead in the national gold industry and was recognized by the industry as “China's gold first share.” In 2005, the company worked with the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region and the Bouksaire Autonomous District Council to form the Xinjiang gold.
Gold Mining Company, 2006 when the company completed the equity-sharing reform. In 2007, the China Gold Group made a partial offer of $1.986 billion for additional shares for nine business interests held by the company, and the company issued shares to eight machine-builders to finance $2 billion. In 2010, the company launched its third refinancing scheme, which was acquired.
In 2019, the company acquired the shares of the Chinese smelting plant and the mining sector in Inner Mongolia, while raising approximately 2 billion yuan in undisclosed shares from specific investors, with a total trade of about 10.5 billion yuan.
The controlling shareholder, China Gold Group Limited, is the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. The China Gold Group directly holds 45.84% of the company’s shares. The company’s operations are carried out mainly through its subsidiaries. There are 54 subsidiaries in China’s gold, Jiangxi, Henan and China’s central provinces, 32 of which own mines.
1.3 Gold + copper is the core business, driving performance growth driven by the faster growth of net profit from the mother, driven mainly by higher gold prices, the promotion of asset restructuring operations, and the corporate focus on the “two-for-one-for-one” targets, and multiple factors, such as cost-reducing scripts.
The price of gold and copper rose at an opportune time to combine production and operations, while further deepening the efficiency gains, with net corporate returns increasing by 23.77 per cent over the year. (Without consideration of internal offsets), Māori accounted for 31.78 per cent.
The company’s gold business consists mainly of mineral gold and smelting gold, copper business includes mineral copper and electrolytic copper, and the overall Māori rate is reported in mid-2022 as the price of copper and gold fluctuates.
An increase in the company ' s combined Māori rate is shown: the rate of company management costs is showing a downward trend from year to year, rising by 23.83 per cent in 2021 over the same period, mainly due to an increase in the remuneration of some of its employees (with no further implementation in 2021 of preferential policies such as the 2020 social security reduction).
(c) Increased costs of environmental governance. 3) Financial cost rates: there is a clear downward trend in corporate financial costs, mainly due to lower interest expenditure and lower average financing costs as a result of repayment of loans.
Figure 10: The company’s downswing has been remarkable, the cost rate has continued to decline over time, the asset-liability rate is stable and the cash flow is healthy. The company’s loans are made on a short-term basis, mainly to meet the business needs of its subsidiaries.
Corporate asset-liability ratios have been significantly reduced and are currently at a stable level. By 2021, cash flows from corporate operations had shown an upward trend in volatility, and net cash flows from q1-q3 operations in 2022 had been significantly reduced, mainly as a result of a decline in cash received for sales of goods and services. Net cash flows as a whole had gradually increased.
Net cash flows declined in q3 in 2022, mainly as a result of an increase in debt-servicing funds. 2 Gold + copper molybdenum, driven by a two-wheel drive, showed a steady increase in performance, with 2.1 mineral gold: production capacity stabilized, with significant savings from endogenous prospecting
There are currently 32 gold mines under the company’s flag, 27 of which are in mines with an average of 20 mines with a grade above 3 g/t, and 8 mines with an annual yield of more than 1 ton of gold in 2021, with a focus on the three mines north of the lake, the chicken cage mountain north of the lake, and Anhui too.
The Division maintains a resource reserve of 510.5 tons of metal and a copper metal of 2.37 million tons, with 639 square tons of mineral rights, stable in the country's first echelons of production and sustained exploration for additional reserves. The company produced 20 tons of mineral gold in 2021, to be held in the country's first echelon of mines. In 2022, the company planned to produce 19.51 tons of mineral gold, which was large in some areas.
The impact of activity, recurrent outbreaks and extreme weather events, with 9.86 tons of mineral gold produced in the first half of the year and a slight drop in production in the same year, with 14.9 tons of mineral gold produced by the third quarter of 2022, roughly the same as in the previous year.
Focus on mineral belts, with a better potential for prospecting, continued investment in exploration costs for increased deposits in recent years, 38,000 metres of pit exploration, 72,000 metres of drilling in 2017-2021, 10.2 tons of additional gold metal, 2.2 tons of copper metal, and copper molten operations: strong mining profitability in Inner Mongolia with overperformance commitments completed
Inner Mongolia Mining, Copper Molybdenum Resources Enhancement Company for Profitability. By 30 March 2020, the company completed the acquisition of 90% of its shareholding in the Inner Mongolia Mine, the core of which is the right-wing mine of the Unug Toilet Copper Mob mine of New Bargus, whose main product includes copper powder, molten powder. By the end of 2021, the Inner Mongolia Minerals had copper resources in the amount of 201.05.
Ten thousand tons, with a stock of 43.94 million tons, with an average grade of 0.26 per cent; and 4,869 tons of molybdenum resources, with a storage capacity of 6.64 million tons, with an average grade of 0.04 per cent, and 65,000 tons of copper and 0.59 million tons of molybdenum produced by Mongolian mining in 2021, the data were converted and the amount of resources identified and controlled for conversion was converted to confirmed reserves and credible reserves.
Based on the performance commitments entered into by the company with Chinese gold, the combined audited net profits on mining rights in Inner Mongolia in 2019, 2020 and 2021 are no less than the RMB 741 million net profits on mining rights in Inner Mongolia in 2020 and the net profits on mining rights in 2021.
1165 million yuan was overperformed by performance commitments. The net profits from mining in Inner Mongolia increased by 44.47 per cent on a year-on-year basis as a result of the increase in the price of copper from mines.
The company holds 60.98% of the shares of the company’s primary business in smelting and selling non-ferrous metals such as gold, copper, silver, etc. The company’s own advanced technology of “oxy-drying gold” has a strong material adaptive capacity and metal.
High rates of recovery, low energy consumption, high levels of automated equipment, and introduction of internationally advanced environmental processes and equipment such as the conversion of high concentrations of sulphur dioxide in Monmok, low-temperature thermal energy recovery and ion fluid devulcanization, cleaner production levels
Tons, silver 360 tons, high-pure cathode copper 349.3 million tons, and the production of other metals and smelting by-products will also increase, and the realization of economies of scale will lead to sustained positive corporate performance.
China’s Golden Group has pushed forward its three-year programme of action to reform state companies, and China’s gold group has actively implemented the policy decisions of its parent companies. In recent years, China’s gold group has implemented its national policy in depth, and in order to market employment mechanisms, China’s gold group has promoted open internal recruitment and socialization of middle- and senior-level cadres, with a view to further optimizing revenue-sharing.
As a subsidiary, China Gold actively pursues the policy decisions of the China Gold Gold Group. Open competition, market-based mechanisms.
In January 2023, the 34 and more posts of deputy general managers of the two main companies listed as subsidiaries in Hong Kong and Hong Kong were filled by public competitions, which effectively contributed to the creation of a high-quality, light-weighted cadre of young professionals.
By the end of 2021, middle gold, as a subsidiary, had been linked to work efficiency, total wages had been linked to budget targets, and 82 enterprises had been monitored and managed.