Ningpo Bank has a bright performance, excellent quality, and Ningpo Bank has an excellent performance for the second quarter, and the pick-up rate is expected to lead the banks on the market, and growth continues.
Market recognition of corporate market-based genetics, flexible mechanisms, stable management, its own growth and superior fundamentals is considered to be an important factor in the market’s valuation of the premium for Ningpo Bank.
In the first half of the year, Ningpo Bank registered an increase of 25.2% in the same year, the rate of increase is expected to be at the top of the list of banks, and the rate of growth in the agency business is delayed.
Ningbo Bank recorded a 2.33 per cent interest difference in the first half of the year, an increase of 8bp in the same year, an improvement over 2020 (2.30 per cent), mainly benefiting from the company ' s optimized liability structure, improved end-of-end cost of enhanced pricing management (a decrease of 12bp in the same year).
The reasons are considered to include seasonal factors in deposit performance, the increase in the ratio of instruments in the loan structure, and the fact that corporate assets are inclined to invest in risk, or to move down, in the context of increased economic uncertainty. The quality of assets continues to be excellent, with the provision of coverage leading.
Ningpo Bank had a negative rate of 0.79 per cent at the end of the second quarter, maintaining a low level of listed banks; the provision coverage (510 per cent) was raised by 2 percentage points over the ring and the loan allocation by 1 bp to 4.02 per cent over the ring.
Down at 36bp. We believe that a firm’s robust asset quality performance benefits, on the one hand, from regional economic excellence and high-quality resources, from a better credit environment, and from market-based governance and strict wind control mechanisms.
Bank Ningbo: Excellent Performance, Strong One, 20210425 Bank Ningbo: Upgraded Retail, Stabilized Economy Downwards has resulted in a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected, and regulatory controls that are better than expected.
The Bank of Ningpo published its semi-annual report for 2021 with a net profit of +21.4 per cent (vs1 quarter, +18.3 per cent) for the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, Ningpo Bank recorded a 25.2 per cent increase in the same year, which is expected to be in the forefront of the listed banks, and a 3.4 per cent increase in the first quarter (+21.8 per cent) compared to the one quarter (+21.8 per cent). In the first half of the year, fast-growing net profits increased by 21.4 per cent and increased by 1 quarter (+18.3 per cent).
The increase in revenue in the first half of the year was mainly due to other non-interest income, with investment returns rising at a higher rate than in the previous quarter (+44 per cent) than in the previous quarter ( - 21 per cent), and high volatility in the price of precious metals since this year, with related investment returns performing better than in the same period last year. Ningpo Bank recorded a 2.33 per cent interest difference in the first half of the year, an improvement in the previous year of 8bp compared to 2020 (2.30 per cent), benefiting mainly from optimized corporate liabilities.
Structural, enhanced pricing, improved end-costs for liabilities, lower end-costs for liabilities in the first half of the year than in the same period last year. From marginal changes, asset quality continues to be excellent, provision coverage leads, Ningpo Bank has a negative rate of 0.79 per cent at the end of the second quarter, and the ring is flat at the end of the first quarter, keeping listed banks low.
In the context of the continued high quality of production, 2 percentage points of the end-of-season coverage (51 per cent) ring has been raised to the top of the list; Firm asset quality performance has benefited from regional economic advantages and high-quality resources, a better credit environment and, on the other hand, marketed corporate governance and strict wind control mechanisms.
Ningpo Bank performed well in the second quarter, and the growth rate is expected to lead the banks on the market and continue. We believe that the market recognition of the company’s genetics, flexible mechanisms, stable management, its own growth and superior fundamentals is an important factor in the market’s appreciation of Ningpo Bank’s value premium.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
In the event of an outbreak in 2020, the regulatory authority led banks to give a boost to the real economy, which is expected to contribute to the economic development of the entity in 2021.