Ningpo Bank (002142): The first half of the year has continued to grow, and the transformation of wealth management has been effective
Events: On 13 August, Ningpo Bank published its semi-annual report for 2021, with a high increase in revenue and net profits. 1h21 Ningbo Bank achieved business income of 25.19 billion.
Ningpo Bank was established on 10 April 1997 and net interest income grew faster in the first half of 2007 (year-on-year + 21.9 per cent), mainly from scale (interest-bearing assets were added to the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 19 July).
Urban commercial banks are listed. The company adheres to the principle of access by “knowing municipalities by 0.7%, mainly as a result of the increase in fees for agency operations and credit card operations; fees and fees are still available, known customers”
In the first half of the year, investment returns increased by 43.8 per cent, while the business-to-house strategy was to provide diversification of the client base, based on high income-end growth, the Ningpo Bank's provision for the first half of the year remained strong, with a credit impairment of 1h21
The objective of the integration services is to create “companies banks, retail companies, lost and lost Bitoti 1.75 billion (1.437 billion dollars for off-the-shelf losses as compared to bidot). 1h21 Net profits Individual banks, financial markets, credit cards, paper business,
The nine major profits of investment banks, asset trusts, asset management can be reduced to second-quarter financing needs (wide government, block access to real estate credit), bank credit is offered to competition centres, and initial diversified business growth models and good practices are emerging.
In addition, the lower interest rate on new loans was expected to fall in the first half of the year. The net interest margin for the first half of the year was 3 bp higher than in 2020: interest-bearing asset earnings were 1 bp higher than in 2020 (as a result of an optimized asset structure and a higher share of loans and retail loans), and interest-bearing was negative.
At the end of June, the Ningpo Bank had a non-performing loan rate of 0.79%, and the ring balance and asset quality were maintained at the same level of professional excellence: the estimated negative net production rate of 0.5% and the ring below. Based on the long triangle, financial needs are strong, benefiting fully from the rapid growth of the region’s economy.
The circulation b/h (millions of units) has become a “one-wing” pattern based on long triangles, the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Sea, which are now more than 90 per cent concentrated in the Long Triangle region, with a well-developed private economy and strong financial needs, fully benefiting from the regional economy
Corporate governance mechanisms have a significant advantage. Ningpo Bank has a diverse equity structure, with an earlier structure of checks and balances between state, foreign, and private companies. Corporate management is stable, ensuring consistency and continuity in strategy implementation; and high-management incentives are more conducive to managerial initiative. In addition, companies continue to optimize employee incentives and examinations.
The Ningbo Bank maintains a large retail expansion. The Sino-Insignia Business Group, an earlier retail company profit centre, has been set up to implement the Little Insignia business specialization model.
Micro-business has become a rich product system and a good market reputation. In addition, Ningpo Bank’s personal operations are fully covered, mainly in the Ningbo region; regional credit and consumer markets are relatively well developed, leading to higher retail loans; wealth management changes have been effective.
At the end of June, Ningpo Bank alum alum, a personal client, increased by 24.06 per cent; 770,000 wealth customers, a 17.05 per cent increase in the same year; and the wealth customer base, a total of 11,200 private customers, a 63.25 per cent increase in the same year.
Investment proposals: Ningpo Bank is deep-deep in the long triangle, highly marketed, core management stable, differentiated; development strategies are clear, and small and medium-sized enterprises are well-farmed, maintaining high interest differentials; and future wealth management transitions are accelerating
At the same time, corporate control is strong, asset quality is excellent, provision is adequate, and profitability is expected to remain at a level of corporate leadership. We expect companies to have sustained high profitability in 2021 and 2022 as compared to their net return earnings, and the transformation of wealth management has brought about new growth points, giving companies 2.4 times 2021
pb target valuation, corresponding to a share price of $46.9, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating. tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Excellence
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Ningbo Bank (002142): The first half of the year continued to show high performance, and the transformation of wealth management was effective.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.