Bank Ningbo (002142): mid-2021, with two wings of revenue, asset quality escort incident: Ningbo Bank business income of 25.19 billion yuan in the first half of 2021, a 25.21 per cent increase in comparison;
The net profit of the mother is 9,519 million yuan, an increase of 21.38 per cent over the year; the total assets at the end of the period are 1.83 trillion yuan, an increase over the first half of the period when the bank ' s income grew at a higher rate than the market and our expectations, and its performance was excellent.
High growth, in which interest runs on both sides of the non-interest income;2 continued to take the initiative to raise off-the-shelf credit impairments, leaving off-the-shelf asset quality burdens. So, unlike many banks that released profits this year by “reduced credit impairments”, the high growth in Ningpo Bank's performance was through “business-driven revenue”, and it was true.
In 2021 and 2022, we expect the company ' s net return profits to grow at a rate of 22.40 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and its performance: investment-driven income is growing faster and net profits are increasing at a rate of 25.21 per cent in the first half of the year and 29.3 per cent in the second quarter of the year.
The net non-interest income grew by 31.53 per cent in the first half of the year, and the net profit increased by 21.38 per cent in the second half of the year, as a result of higher credit impairments and higher costs. As a result of higher retail operating costs and higher cost earnings in the first half of the year, the ratio increased by 24.3 per cent this year.
The net profits of the industry have increased considerably, as the value of this year’s impairment has declined significantly, after last year’s high credit impairments. But, unlike industry, Ningpo Bank has taken the initiative to write off off its off-the-shelf credit, resulting in a significant increase in the same amount, resulting in a 21.38 per cent increase in the first half of the year in the net return, which has increased less than income.
At the end of June, total assets grew at an initial rate of up to one quarter of the year: income increased at a significant rate.
In the loan structure, retail loans have been growing faster than public loans. For public and retail loans, the growth has been 14.6% and 18.2%, respectively, at the beginning of the period, and the retail strategy has accelerated since the second half of last year.
See, housing mortgages and self-employment loans are growing at a very high rate, which is fully consistent with our assessment in the quarterly report, the annual report: one single one! net interest rate, which is 27.9 per cent and 46.1 per cent, respectively, compared to the beginning of the period.
After three years of continuous high growth, owing to the company’s historically small stock, the share of loans is still only 4.3%, which is significantly lower than the urban comptoir’s 17.5% regulatory red line.
At the end of June, bonds payable increased significantly from the beginning of the period.
Capital adequacy is still under pressure, and equity refinancing is necessary. Because of the continuous high growth in size, the core-level capital adequacy rate has fallen again from 1 bp to 9.38% at the end of the quarter, considering the need for three quarters, so that the new round of equity refinancing, launched in January this year, is necessary and is now cleared by the SEC and the new capital will be added.
Net interest differentials: how to achieve a reversal increase by 8bp? Strong lending + controlling deposit costs are key.
Ningbo Bank ' s net interest spread for the first half of the year rose in reverse by 8bp to 2.33% (comparable to the new caliber), which is also 3bp higher than the year 2020. The main reason is: 1 end-of-asset: the loan ratio increased rapidly, resulting in a smaller reduction in the rate of return. The asset end-of-life return for the first half of the year was 4.69%, compared to the same year.
This approach is difficult to replicate for most slow-growing, structurally entrenched commercial banks.2 At the end of the line, the lower cost of the debt benefits from savings cost control. Lower cost of the liability also greatly boosts the net difference.
The cost of the liability of 2020h1 is between 12bp and 2.10% below the same line, which is 4bp lower than the entire year of 2020. The core is the effective control of deposit prices.
▪ Non-interest income: Net revenue from fees is slightly lower than expected, but investment returns are growing flexibly. Increased expenditure on retail costs has led to a failure to increase net revenue from fees.
Cost revenue increased by 11.4 per cent over the same year, resulting from higher expenditure (we expect mainly for wealth management-related costs), resulting in only a flat net income for retention. Income growth was relatively weak, mainly due to higher agency income base last year, resulting in an increase of only $13.2 per cent to $3,394 million over the same year, while other utility-related fees were difficult to increase in the current environment.
There are also bright spots, such as a significant increase of about 40 to 239 million yuan in trust income over the year, which has also benefited from significant advances in wealth management in recent years, with a rising “fashionable” brand, reaching $3.27 trillion by the end of June. A significant increase in wealth management aum and client growth has been achieved.
Private banks have grown more rapidly, with the number of customers growing by between 47.2% and 11.2 million households at the beginning of the period, corresponding to aum’s growth of between 34.7% and $128.8 billion at the beginning of the period. Interest income has grown significantly.
▪ Expenditure: Cost income is flattened by higher-than-cost income, and credit impairment accounts for a full range of off-the-shelf business risks. Cost revenue continues to be high. Ningpo Bank, one of the most marketed banks, always has higher cost income than its counterparts, and the retail transition in the last two years has required more cost inputs. As a result, cost revenue in the first half of the year is higher than 34.34 per cent.
Unlike other leading banks, Ningpo Bank did not release profits by significantly reducing the amount of credit that was lost in the first half of the year, but rather by taking credit-depreciating measures against off-the-shelf operations and doing everything in its power to clear the asset quality of off-the-shelf operations.
The credit impairment in the first half of the year increased by 36.3 per cent over the same period, with a negative rate of 0.79 per cent for the same period for five consecutive quarters in relation to the increase in the credit impairment of the loan operations in the table. The negative rate at the end of June was 0.79 per cent, the same rate as at the end of the quarter, and at the same time was 0.84 per cent, of which the 90-day + ratio was 0.69 per cent and was always fully integrated into the poor caliber.
See, we measure the negative net rate of production after write-off for the first half of the year at 0.50%, which is not only a very low level in the banking sector, but also below the historical average of Ningpo Bank itself, indicating that the quality of dynamic assets is excellent.
It was emphasized that the poor expectations at the core of the capital fundamentals of the flagship bank lie in taking the lead on the potential issue of asset quality, which means that asset quality is at an all-time high.
Figure 5: Share of loans in retail interest-bearing assets of Bank Ningbo, 2019 ~ 2021h1
The increase in returns has been more favourable to stable asset yields, mainly as a result of the continuing downward trend in the cost of deposits. Figure 8: Retailing since the Ningpo Bank relaunched the “Great Retail Strategy” in 2019
Figure 7: After credit card instalments were eliminated, Ningpo Bank charges were made up mainly of agency income, with strong growth in 2020 but slower in 2021.
Figure 10: Ningbo Bank credit impairments increased by 36.3 per cent over the year, and Figure 12: The negative net yield of Ningpo Bank has declined significantly since 2021
Figure 13: Significant lead in bank provision coverage 2017/03 ~ 2021/06 Ningbo Bank active high-value credit impairment