New Synthetic (002001): Short-term nutritional commitment, new production capacity to sustain a rich product system.
New and published annual reports 2022 and 1st Quarterly 2023: The company realized business income throughout the year 2022. Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, Inc. was founded in 1999 and placed on the market in late June 2004 as a small and medium-sized company.
In the first quarter of the year, operating income was 3,612 million yuan, yoy-16.15 per cent, and the net return to the mother was 643 million of a listed company. The company focused heavily on the accumulation of fine chemical synthesis technology, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate aerobic fork.
Linked to organic synthesis, it has been successful in expanding its operations to vitamins, nutrients with lower levels of profitability and better growth in fragrances and new materials.
The fall in the price of vitamins for major products, with corporate income from the nutrient plate falling by 1.94 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2022, has grown into an influential fragrance company that is now home to four of the world ' s top vitamin producers.
In addition to industry, competitively competitive enterprises and prospects for the production of ecstasy, in the first quarter of 2023, the prices of vitamins and ecstasy products fell on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a decline in corporate income and net profits for the whole quarter.
Vitamin markets are expected to become more stable and the company ' s nutrition operations are expected to grow at a surcharge of proteins.1 Vitamins, based on market data in ifind, are currently priced at the bottom of history with vitamin products such as vitamin a, vitamin d3, vitamin c, etc., of the company ' s main product, which is at the margins of downstream demand
Improved expectations are that future product prices are expected to hit the bottom. In the case of 2 glycerine, the 180,000 tons of liquid glycerin (purity) production capacity set up by the company is also advancing. We expect the company to sell the glycerin stock b/h shares (million shares)
The continued construction and orderly release of new capacity will help the company to enrich its product system. The company has more projects to develop functional chemicals on two core chemical and biological platforms. 1 nutrient plate: 5,000 tons of vitamin b6 and 3,000 tons of vitamin b12 have been added to the capacity of the company to produce ecstasy.
In order to achieve normal production sales, the 30,000-ton sulfonic acid project started to test the car. 2 flavour plates: 5,000-ton mintol project is in the pilot phase. 3 new material plates: 7,000-ton pps phase III project is in the pilot phase, and the 2-ton sulfon project is in the middle test phase. 4 raw material tablets: 500-ton nitrogen hybrid project is under way.
Production, marketing, and future upgrading of the pharmaceutical product structure of the raw materials. We expect that the construction and delivery of these ongoing projects will help to enrich the product system of the company, which has been expanded from vitamin operations to spices, raw materials, food additives, biofertilizers, and contribute to the development of the environment.
Corporate profit forecasts and investment ratings: new and emerging are high-quality congener syntheses in the country, industrial chains, integration and product clustering drive companies to grow into fine ones. Companies from the pharmaceutical intermediate.
The company’s new projects are expected to be gradually built in the future to enrich the company’s product system. Based on the company’s 2022 work.
A source of wealth and wisdom in the East, a source of new and new peace (002001): short-term nutritional pressure, the ability of new production to sustain a rich product system, a source of wealth and prosperity in the East.
Liu Woo-Chou has worked in the Research Department of China-King Corporation for nine years in research in the chemical industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that new products (002001) are subject to short-term nutritional pressure, and that the new production can continue to build a rich product system without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.