Issuance of the fourth staff holding plan for the construction of the project in an orderly manner, the new (002001.sz) event: the fourth staff holding plan, the construction of the project in an orderly manner and the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
On 7 June, the company issued the fourth draft of its employee holding plan, with a total participation of no more than 640 persons, with a total funding of no more than 48 million yuan; the plan was renewed for a period not exceeding 24 months, with a locking period of 12 months; and the project was carried forward in an orderly manner, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
• The executive and its co-actors intend to participate in the new period of the Staff Holding Plan, highlighting the medium- and long-term development of confidence, with a total amount not to exceed 48 million yuan at the time of the establishment of the Fourth Staff Holding Plan, of which the employee has his own funds up to 24 million yuan and the controlling shareholder is provided with a multiple of 1:1 at his own expense.
The total number of participants in this scheme is no more than 640, of whom 11 are senior directors, and 27.92% of the total share of this scheme.
The participation of Mr. Hooper, who is a member of the current employee holding scheme, amounts to 40 million shares and 30 million shares, representing 8.33 per cent and 6.25 per cent of the total share of the employee holding scheme, respectively. We believe that the participation of the actual controllers and their co-actors in this holding scheme is conducive to increasing the motivation of the company ' s employees and to highlighting their interest in the public interest.
• The overall demand for nutrients is still under pressure, new materials and fragrances are moving ahead in an orderly manner, and according to the Chinese feed information network and our calculations, as of 8 June, there had been an improvement in the purchase of ve markets, va.
In addition, the company ' s installation of 150,000 tonnes/year of 2 tonnes/year of ecstasy, and its installation of 150,000 tonnes/year of 2 tonnes/year of ecstasy, were regularly sold.
Construction of 180,000 tonnes/year liquid egg (purification) production units with a joint venture with China-Pulsification, 30,000 tonnes/Vitamin Demand Deficiencies Short-Term Profit Pressures, See the NBS Project in the Test Vehicle. We're looking at the company's focus on nutrients, fragrances, high molecular new materials,
Long-term growth of good companies — company updates, business blocks such as raw material medicines, orderly release of ongoing projects and steady growth.
On 7 June, the company released its fourth employee holding plan, with the company's real owners and their co-actors participating in the new employee holding plan, and its co-actors participating in the medium- and long-term development letter.
The total amount does not exceed $480 million, with a share of one dollar for each of these units, of which the employee owns a loan of up to $240 million, and the controlling shareholder intends to sign an agreement with the employee holding plan on the associated matching of funds.
The total number of managers is 11, with 27.92 per cent of the total share in the employee holding scheme, and no more than 629 other persons, with 72.08 per cent of the total share in the employee holding scheme. In addition, the company actually controls Mr. Hobsing and Mr. Hobbes Hobsing, who are part of the employee holding scheme, with a proposed share of 40 million and 30 million, respectively.
8.33% and 6.25%, respectively, of the total share of the employee holding scheme. We believe that the participation of the actual controlling person and his/her co-actors in this equity holding scheme is more conducive to increasing the motivation of the company’s employees and to enhancing the cohesion of the workforce as a whole, thereby enhancing the company’s competitiveness and demonstrating confidence in the company’s medium- and long-term development.
2. There is still pressure on the overall demand for nutrients, new materials and fragrances are ordered, prices of va and ecstasy are at historically low levels, and sales in the ve market have improved. According to China ' s feed industry, prices in the European market are 20.5-27 euros per kilogram.
72-75 yuan per kilogram, European market offer 7.4-7.7 Euro per kilogram. With the completion of the renovation season, there was an increase in the price of the plant, the new and Chengshandongve plant was suspended for 10 weeks from mid-June 2023, the North Sand Pharmacy Ve production line was scheduled to begin at the end of June, with some manufacturers offering 76-78 euros per kilogram, and the market stopped buying,
On March 13, the Singapore base was declared to have an additional 40,000 tons of condensed acid capacity, increasing its capacity to 340,000 tons a year; some solid-egg manufacturers stopped reporting and liquid-egg manufacturers slightly increased their offer. According to the Kichuan Tofu data, domestic solid-egg imports for January-April 2023 totalled 6.18 million tons, corresponding to +14.35 per cent of exports.
Tons of tons, year-on-year + 9.59 per cent. Limited support, and lower overall consumption of additives such as vitamins and pygmphetamine.
250 000 tonnes of H2O and 480,000 tonnes of N2O new materials integration project were accepted and the construction project was carried forward in an orderly manner. (1) With regard to new materials, on 9 May, the company produced 250,000 tonnes of H2O and 480,000 tonnes of N2O new material I project was received by the Eco-Environment Agency of Shao Hing City, which, according to the E.O.R. report, will be processed by fully funded subsidiaries.
Zhejiang New and Cheng nylon Materials Ltd., using continuous low-pressure hydrogen production processes, continuous polymerization processes and tons of new high-end nylon materials, produced by-products 597t/a cyclohexydamine, 2630t/a double-capacitated triamine and 8650t/a perditamine (qualified). (2) In spices, 5,000 tonnes/year of mintol are normally produced and sold (3).
In the area of construction works: according to the company ' s announcement, the company ' s construction projects are mainly: a two-year period of 250,000 tons/year of nutrient block ecstasy/year of 150,000 tons of ecstasy in progress; construction of 180,000 tons/year liquid egg (purification) production units under construction in a joint venture with Central petrochemicals: 30,000 tons/year of sulfonic acid in a test vehicle: alditine
In the construction phase; in the pilot phase of the Xuan diazole project, we are looking forward to the company’s focus on “Chemical +” and “Bio+” and to continuing its heavy nutrients business, without compromising its rich spice product group, and improving the overall competitiveness of its products; and continuing to make fast and new materials to improve the overall competitiveness of its products.
Cost leads, with a focus on the development of high-molecular polymer products and key intermediates, with distinctive industrial clusters and technological platforms, industry platforms, and sophisticated chemical platform-based enterprises that are mutually dependent.
The operations of spices, new materials for high molecules and raw materials maintain innovation-driven practices and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Project construction is not as fast as expected, prices of nutrients continue to fall, exchange rates fluctuate significantly, etc.