Increased rates of cost have slowed short-term performance growth, client structure Stars (601799.sh) Investment Incidents issued a performance report for 2022, with the company operating throughout 2022
Ishigashi's (i) leading and well-established headlights have benefited deeply from the reform of the automobile industry and the replacement of national production. Throughout 2022, companies achieved $8.248 billion in operating income, compared to +4.28 per cent.
Corporate revenue growth is slightly weaker than industry performance, and is expected to be linked to the continued weakness of sales by major clients, with revenue improving over time as the company ' s client structure improves. In 2022, the company generated $7.518 billion, representing 91.15 per cent of total revenue, the largest revenue to the company.
Qin Zhikun, BMW, General Motors, Toyota, Hiro, Toyota, Dong Fung, Hiro Honda, Dong Feng Honda, Chang Anjuda, Red Flag, Car, Free One, Jili,
Many domestic and international car-to-car manufacturing firms, such as V.M.V., B.V.V., Chirí, U.S.A., P.V., Ideal Cars, etc., have been able to reap the full benefits of the business growth opportunities created by the expansion of the industry as a whole and by the increased concentration of the industry.
(ii) A small upswing in sales and administrative cost rates has delayed performance growth. Corporate sales costs were 1.44 per cent for the whole of 2022, compared to 0.22 pct, and sales costs were 04-quarter rounded +0.89 pc, mainly due to increases in remuneration, depreciation amortization and service costs of current employees.
While sales and management costs have risen, absolute levels are still healthy. (iii) Increased R & D efforts drive competitiveness and internationalize development potential. Companies, as domestic front-runners, follow industry trends and invest in new products and projects.
Corporate R & D costs amounted to $522 million in 2022, compared to +34.65 per cent, R & D costs amounted to 6.33 per cent, an increase of 1.43 per cent in the same year, and R & D costs increased significantly ahead of collection.
The company continues to upgrade its intelligence, manufacturing capabilities, and is now partially operational at the Automobile Electronics and Lights Research and Development Centre, and the intelligent industry.
In 2022, corporate globalization progressed steadily, with foreign revenues reaching 130 million yuan, and in the future internationalization is expected to lead to new growth in the company’s performance as the overseas auto industry recovers and downstream customer demand recovers.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The Institute is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.