Starwoo shares (601799.sh) have entered into a strategic partnership with Horizon to advance the "one-stop solution" in terms of volume.
On February 15, according to the company's official message, Starwood shares signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the horizon in Changzhou, announcing that they would be "the rules of the car."
The grade chip plus algorithm is the core base, building on the accumulated experience of Starwood in the field of intelligent manufacturing over the years, using the goal of business cooperation as “one-stop shop”, “one-size-fits-all” and meeting delivery”, and strategic partners such as the joint mainframe plant, spare parts suppliers, to jointly advance the "one-stop solution" production. The horizon had previously announced the completion of the c3-round $350 million financing, including the share of the planet.
After that, it will further expand its intellectual driving vehicle perspective: in our view, the Stars are on a high-start, flexible, long-duration roadlight track, with high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end, high-end.
With 30 years of experience in the car-light industry, Starwoo shares have the ability to develop, produce, and have a good market base at the end of the line, and this company has developed a long-term strategic partnership with Horizon in the area of automobile intelligence.
The company will further expand the sequence of its intellectual products. Given the impact of the epidemic on the company's downstream customers in the second half of 2022, we maintain a profit.
Sit, based on the accumulated experience of Tosingu over the years in the field of intelligent manufacturing, with the goal of operational cooperation in the area of compliance with the rules, production and delivery, and strategic partners such as the joint mainframe and spare parts suppliers, to move forward with the volume of production of the "loose as one solution" . The horizon was previously announced to have completed the financing of c3 rounds of $350 million and to have access to a wide range of auto chains, including star stock holdings, up and down.
Figure 1 Strategic collaboration between Stars and Horizons. Figure 2: Strategic collaboration between Stars and Horizons
The Seng Woo solution, developed on the basis of the Horizon 3 car code chip, has been officially identified by a head car company in the country and is expected to produce in 2023. It uses only a single inch #3 with a sensor configuration of 5r6v to easily achieve a level-I2+ car support that includes variable aids; and, at the same time, optimized software and algorithms to allow the calculation of resources to be reused on the same soc chip.
The program fully exploits the potential of journey number 3 through a unique software architecture designed to enhance product competitiveness at high value, thereby enabling more end-users of entry-type vehicles to experience the benefits of mobility support. As a follow-up, the SONG shares will further expand the sequence of intellectually driven products.
The work is being synchronized with a more traditional smart camera, Star Woo, building on his 30-year research and development experience in the area of car lights, which will integrate visual sensing techniques and smart light control, giving the lights a stronger sense and interactive ability to upgrade the user’s product experience. The high-calculation platform’s products, with multi-producer series of chips, are ready for launch, and will support pilot-assisted driving and memory mooring at the functional level.
Based on a sequence of procession chips and other cutting-edge smart driving technologies, horizons provide a solid technological “ground” for the development of a “one berth” and an enabling smart-car light solution for the Star, and there is a high degree of convergence in the judgment of the two sides on future trends in the intelligent car industry.
A slight cooperation would fully facilitate the integration of the two sides into a multi-sector business, jointly actively explore intelligent frontier technologies, develop market-led smart-car products, and jointly promote the development of the smart-car industry. Carlight products will continue to be upgraded, complementary clients will be extended from joint ventures to new forces and autonomy, and the prospects for development will be promising.
At the end of the industry, the current trend in technology for car lamps is towards electronicization and intellectualization. For front lights, with the spread of light headlights, the headlights have evolved towards adb, hd-adb, and dlp functions, thus enabling auxiliary driving, exchange of information, human vehicle interaction, etc. For post-combining lamps, the trend is evident from the end of a separate, back-to-back, back-to-back, and back-to-back lights have increased the size of the backlights and made the whole car more beautiful.
In the case of small lights, the domestic atmosphere has risen to a new point of growth, owing to the needs of the individualized consumer. At the same time, car outdoors, such as logo lamps and lighting grids, have gradually been recognized and applied by the major mainframes.
Figure 5: Technical upgrade route for front lights, Figure 6: Technical upgrade route for rear-tail lamps, Figure 7: Technical upgrade route for car climate lamps
At the company end, product dimensions enhance new technology development applications, and customer dimensions continuously scale up new energy vehicle-type projects. Product dimensions, companies enhance new technology development applications.
“Externalighting application-supports” was approved; high-quality digital lamps were successfully developed and obtained c-ncap high ratings: advanced the development of the front lights of the “Cutting One” product, which is large in size, with high electronic technology and process requirements, and raised the information interaction of smart lamps with vehicles, people and cars: the Institute continued to increase its exploration of front-line technology and car-related electronics.
In the first half of 2022, companies accounted for about 40% of new energy vehicle projects, and high-quality new projects provided strong guarantees for the company’s future development. At present, the company’s clients cover a single-voltage, upper-voltaic, upper-voltaic, Daimler, etc.
BMW, General Motors, Toyota, Toyota Volkswagen, Toyota Tung Fung, Hiro Moo Honda, Dong Feng Honda, Chang Anmajeda, Red Flag, Cars, Jili Cars, General Mitsubishi, Cars, Chiri Cars, Uri Cars, Ideals, Pelicans, Kirin Cars, Cars. On July 14, 2022, Idea Global Partnership Conference was held in Changzhou.
Starwoo was invited to the Congress as an ideal car strategic partner and was awarded the "Ideal Top" award for the year 2022. Figure 9: Starwoo won the "Ideal Top" award for the "Ideal Top" award for the "Ideal Top" award.
On October 15, 2021, a strategic cooperation agreement was formally signed in Hangzhou between Changzhou Starlight and Ion SoftTech Ltd. Both parties will integrate and collaborate on the basis of rainbow soft technology in the design of smart visual systems, the use of optical sensors, the integration of system software and innovation development capabilities for full-scale visual algorithms and appliance, as well as on the full-scale integration and collaboration of sung-woo shares in the manufacture of sophisticated optical electronic products, supply chain management, etc.
In addition, the horizon announced the completion of three rounds of c3-$350 million in financing to gain visibility in numerous car industry chains, including the share of Starwoo shares. On 16 February 2022, the Changzhou Starlight Company Ltd. and China Tech Ltd. held a China-for-Light Smart in East China.
Under the agreement, the two sides will use their respective advantages to win and benefit from each other, with the objective of serving global clients, and will work together strategically in the area of smart car lights to forge a close strategic partnership for sustainable development. Together, the two sides will build smart car lamps from set-up to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, lead the smart car light industry, and compete for a continuous lead smart car light system solution in industry.
We believe that the entry of dlp projector lamps and adb lamps into the market is both an opportunity and a challenge for traditional car-lighting companies, where industrial chains are particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the light industry, where the Star is working with enterprises such as upstream chips, software algorithms, etc., based on their own traditional structures.
The advantages, such as optical and electronic design, are expected to continue to pre-empt the development of forward-looking products, widening the gap with the branding of other autonomous domestic car lamps. Figure 12: Mr. Lin and Mr. Liu Xingjun signed a letter of intent for cooperation on both sides. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investment proposals: new orders from the share of Star Woo + new products + new products + new products to protect performance. Client dimensions, current Toyota-Japan collaboration (take the next Toyota “Competition Merit” Award, Hiro-Toyota Research and Development Co-operation Award, Quality Winner), entering the supplier system of the new power (America, Peng, Ideas) and head autonomous brand customers (Gily),
In the first half of 2022, the number of new energy vehicle projects undertaken by companies accounted for about 40%, and the quality of new projects provided strong guarantees for the future development of companies. The production dimension, the company’s smart manufacturing industrial parks I, II, and III projects have been completed and put into operation, and the construction of factories in Serbia abroad is steadily advancing.
The European mainframe project moved from 2022 to bulk production. Product dimensions, adb continued penetration (from less than 2% in 2019 to 6% in 2020), with new technologies such as dlp projector lamps and adb lamps coming into the market, new technology development and applications were enhanced, high-quality digital lamps were successfully developed and acquired c-ncap in the first half of 2022.
The company continued to promote the acquisition of adb headlights, dlp headlights and atmosphere lights, and other car smart projects, increasing the proportion of high-tech, high-value-added products in a step-by-step manner. On February 15, 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed between Starwoo shares and the horizon in Changzhou to jointly promote the mass landings of the "Mooring One Solution" and the "Beath One" shares based on a 3-car chip development program.
In 2023, the company is expected to achieve a performance resonance from the release of new products, such as car orders plus overseas plants plusadb, and the “one berthing” solution. The pace of globalization (the Japanese, the high-end German), and globalization (the construction of the Serbian factory) has moved forward and is active in the larger context of the rise of autonomous brands and new forces.
Building on 30 years of experience in the light industry, as well as the end-to-end capacity for custom development, production capacity and a good market base, this company has been working more closely with the horizon in the area of car intelligence to form a long-term strategic partnership, and the company will further expand the sequence of intellectually driven products. Given the spread of the disease in the second half of 2022, the company's downstream client platoons will be affected.
Comparable company valuations: we have selected the same import substitution logic as Burtley, Kobuda, the leading soundproofing company, which is also the core of the chain of carlights industry, and the Business Top Group, which conducts comparable corporate valuations (comparable market value levels or close to the business area), with four comparable companies averaged around about the industry core risk in 2023; the domestic market climate continued to decline; and the risk of annual drops and price volatility of raw materials.
“Sung-woo shares (601799.sh) - Second Quarterly Māori Rate Ring Up, New Energy Orders Successfully” - 2022-08-26 Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future