Rapid growth in performance, advanced deployment of the new generation light module — New Esquire (300502) 2022 performance forecast rating
Type of report: Corporate studies: New Leisure to launch the annual performance forecast for 2022, where the company forecasted that it would achieve net benefits attributable to shareholders in listed companies throughout the year 2022.
The growth of demand in the industry is robust, and equity incentives are encouraging confidence. According to the Light Market Research Institute, five cloud companies will grow 15% by the same year in 2023. Among these, Amazon, Google, Microsoft purchases are growing more flat, but Meta (facebook) purchases are forecast.
According to the Agency’s projections of future capital spending by the top five cloud companies, even by the most secure measure of growth slowdown, the light module market can reach 9% in the next five years, with 14% cgar in normal circumstances. Against a background of weak global economic growth, the growth of the light module market is particularly expensive.
The 800g light module product is expected to grow at a compound rate of 44% over the next five years. This is the basis for the company’s future performance growth.
For the next generation of light module products, the company has now launched 800g products from qsfp-dd and osfp to meet the next generation’s speed requirements for building the centre. Meanwhile, this year, the company has completed the acquisition of alpine, a silicon light enterprise, and now has 400g and 800g light module products from the silicon light technology path. Overall, the company has a technology reserve for the next generation of light module products.
Adequacy to respond to technology indicators such as transmission speeds, wavelengths, and technological competitiveness of products for the long-term development of the company, as well as its long-term operational development capabilities. [Honkawa Finance Research] New Essin (300502.sz): high-quality light-module enterprises, 5g and full double-wheel drive (20191111). docx
After more than 30 years of change and growth, the company has now grown into a China-China-China-China-China-Coopers Capital Holdings Ltd.