Science and technology support inclusive and retail, banks – large state-owned banks – have a strong traditional advantage in transforming growth dynamics over time.
The domain maintains a traditional public advantage, with a clear combination of advantages, and the financial license is a leading partner. As business growth slows down in the traditional infrastructure sector, it accelerates the development of new growth dynamics, taking advantage of the technological advantages of the big industry to provide inclusive services, and small populations to sink even further; and taking advantage of the large retail customers of the past.
Since 2017, the construction of banks has built strategic housing rentals, inclusive finance, and finance.
Science and technology are “three strategies” that can be released continuously, and the results that have been achieved gradually. S0980500002 Innovative “digital inclusion” models, technology dripping and financial inclusion.
It is digital, and the core advantage is digital, and the main features include: (1) technological enablement, digital technology replacing “human-sea tactics”, platform-building of service ecclesiasticals; (2) precision drawings, subdividing, sub-customer-based demand, building differentiated product systems; and (3) smart wind control, and quality of credit assets.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices. Good. Addressing traditional modes of credit distress. By the first half of 2022, the balance of concessionary financial lending had been $2.14 trillion, top of the list, and the rate of financial disadvantage was further reduced.
The construction bank is the largest retail lending bank in the country, with a poor retail business rate of 0.44% at the end of the first half of 2022, with zero asset quality.
In consumer finance, corporate credit card lending balances rank first, and credit card operations are ranked first on multiple indicators.
The higher profitability benefits mainly from the differentials associated with low cost of indebtedness, rising intermediate operating income in integrated operations, and lower management costs and better asset quality. To benefit from the lower cost of indebtedness, building banks are able to perform low rates of return at the end of the asset.
Building Banks (601939.sh) - 2022 - Quarterly Reviews - Low-risk, low-risk operations, and hence asset quality. Building Banks (601939.sh) - Performance in line with expectations and asset quality excellence -
Building Bank - Quarterly 601939-2021 Review: bright deposits, low net interest differentials, Building Bank - Annual Report 601939-2020: Significant Performance Improvement - Corporate Profile: Comprehensive High Quality Business, High Quality Development
Building banks is a leading commercial bank in the country and a leading global bank. Building banks has gone through four major development periods, formerly the People’s Construction Bank of China, founded in 1954, and became the State Council in 1979.
Direct financial institutions began the transition to a comprehensive commercial bank in 1994. In 2005, the build-up of banks reformed the stock system and became the first State-owned commercial bank to be listed (0939.hk) in Hong Kong in October 2005; and in September 2007 it was listed (601939.sh), according to the United Kingdom.
The Bankers magazine, “Global Bank 1000,” has been ranked second in the world for nine consecutive years in the ranking of first-level capital. Building banks support national infrastructure and maintain traditional public advantage in the area of infrastructure.
The balance of loans in the infrastructure sector has been increasing year by year, and has slowed slightly in recent years, although it is still high among practitioners. In 2020, 2021, and the end of the first half of 2022, the balance of loans in the construction infrastructure sector was 4.33 per cent, the end of the year and the end of the second half of 2022, and the balance of loans in the construction infrastructure sector was 51.85 per cent, respectively, of loans in the corporate category.
52.82 per cent and 51.66 per cent (in-country calibre). Specifically, in the construction bank ' s public loans, the traditional capital sector has a low rate of non-performing loans and a high quality of assets. At the end of the first half of 2022, three traditional capital industries, namely, the delivery of warehouses, the supply of electricity, the poor rate of water facilities was 0.8 per cent, 1.13 per cent and 1.01 per cent, respectively, well below the domestic company category.
Figure 2: Sustained growth in the balance of loans in the infrastructure sector: infrastructure sector loans account for about half of construction-to-public loans
By 2020, the building banking consolidation group was completed, with comprehensive and balanced coverage. In 2014, the building bank took the lead in a new process of comprehensive transformation, focusing on customer-centred and market-oriented approaches. In 2014, the building bank developed the China Building Bank Transformation Development Plan, which proposes to accelerate integration, multifunctionality, and integration.
Development framework for the year. By 2020, the Bank had largely achieved its transformational goals and its business structure had been optimized. Banking operations, individual banking operations, funds and other operations of banking companies (including offshore operations and subsidiaries) accounted for 36.73 per cent, 42.32 per cent, 6.13 per cent and 6.13 per cent, respectively, of operating income in the first half of 2022.
Figure 7: Change in operating income per building bank, Figure 8: Change in total profits per building bank operations, change in institutional networks, both within and outside the country, and continuous improvement in the capacity of global services. As of the first half of 2022, building silver
A total of 14461 establishments, including 14427 in the country and 34 outside the country; together with 19 of the major subsidiaries, a total of 596 institutions, including 440 in the country, and 156 with integrated subsidiaries operating under a financial license. In the area of non-bank finance, bank build-ups are being built.
There are a number of integrated operating subsidiaries, such as CBFs, CBLs, CBTs, CBTFs, CBBS, CBSTs, CBLs, CBLs, CBTI. In the first half of 2022, the CBM subsidiaries were generally well developed, with assets totalling $814.559 billion.
Achieving a net profit of $3.470 billion, or 215 per cent of the total net profit for the whole industry, with a significant integration result. Figure 10: Coverage of 30 countries and territories by offshore institutions, due to time constraints: consolidation of capital advantages and transformation of economic dynamics
With China’s urbanization ending, the growth of traditional infrastructure and mortgage sectors has slowed, and the construction of these sectors has become time-sensitive, accelerating the development of new growth dynamics based on public advantage, and the transition to light, integrated, and internationalized banks. Since 2017, the three main strategies have been building banks to provide strategic housing rentals, inclusive finance, and financial technology.
From three strategies to “new finance,” the second development curve is becoming clearer. Housing rental strategies have not only improved the long-term mechanisms of the real estate market, but have sought markets for “settled housing.”
Landing sites have also enabled the construction bank to win a new business group. In the first half of 2022, housing rental loans for the construction bank had a balance of $18.617 billion, an increase of $47.156 billion, or 35.33 per cent, over 2021.
In the first half of 2022, the balance of inclusive bank lending was $2.14 trillion, an increase of $26.758 billion over 2021.
In 2021, 23.576 billion yuan, or 2.86 per cent of operating income, was invested in building banking finance and technology; 731 licences were accumulated, an increase of 167 from 2020, of which 455 patents were invented, and the number of patents authorized were created to open a “second development curve” in the upgrading of new financial practices, creating an engine of innovation for the future.
Since 2017, it has been proposed to reshape the delivery capacity of banking services so as to facilitate access to financial resources by as many institutions and individuals as possible. Specifically, the areas of practice guided by the new financial philosophy include inclusive finance, housing leasing, the “technology stream” evaluation system, smart government, etc.
A good example of good practice is the integrated service brand created as a foundation-based, inclusive financial service point and on-line integrated financial services platform, which was revitalized by the new financial services village, with a total of 490,000 "Huuntungsong" in the first half of 2022, covering nearly 80 per cent of the country's townships and administrative villages, based on financial technology.
In the strategic transition, the building of banks has developed a unique new business area. One is with finance technology.
The second is the “retail priority” strategy, which sustains the huge mortgage customer advantage and channel resources of the past. Building banks, while maintaining traditional advantages in the public domain, nurtures new economic dynamics in the new financial age.
Digital inclusion: Changing patterns, technology-based drip irrigation and inclusive finance are trends in domestic banks. The World Bank ' s Microfinance Gap for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMSMEs), released in 2018, shows that more than 41% of China ' s MSMEs have credit difficulties and potential MSMEs financing gaps are even high.
In 2013, the Party's eighteenth plenary session formally introduced the theme “Developing inclusive finance”; in 2015, the Conference for Deep Reorganization considered the adoption of the Plan for the Advancement of Inclusive Financial Development (2016-2020).
The former is highly dependent on the personal experience of its clients, managers, with some replicability but slower diffusion, and the latter on the Internet, eco-system trading data, but is generally more effective in managing small, short-term loans.
Building banks have taken the lead in proposing a new path for “digital inclusion” that goes beyond the traditional path model and business architecture. Building banks’ digital inclusion finance model is centred on “dequation of recipients, precision drawings, automated approvals, smart wind control, integration services” with the following main features: (1) deep integration of technological capabilities, number
The advantages of word technology and technology have been highlighted; (2) differentiated product systems, with precision reaching more customers; and (3) smart wind control systems, with low rates of poor universal lending. Since the implementation of the strategy, the size and quality of corporate inclusive financial operations have grown well.
Building inclusive financial lending balances of $2.14 trillion, 5.3 times as much as in 2017, with a market share of 10 per cent, standing first in the world; building inclusive financial lending clients, 225.2 million households, 3.7 times as much as in 2017. Full implementation of the “false concessions” policy led to a decline in interest rates for inclusive micro-enterprise lending from 6.37 per cent in 2017 to 2022.
Six months a year, 4.08%. At the same time, lending pricing remains at the top of the four lines and is commercially sustainable. The target, that is, a loan balance of 1 trillion, 2 million clients, less than 3% of the poor, was achieved on schedule. 2021 is the “333” target, that is, 3 trillion sizes, 3.5 million customers, and 3% of the poor.
Against the backdrop of a thousand sails race, the pre-eminence of building inclusive finance is expected to become even more prominent. Figure 16: Comparison of the number of clients of six major inclusive financial loans. Figure 17: Comparison of interest rates on new inclusive micro-lending from six major lines.
The greatest innovation in building inclusive finance is in digitization, and the central advantage is digitization. The digital inclusion model is based on the traditional way in which customers are marketed, digitized, automated, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized, digitized.
The "digital inclusion" model has emerged, thanks to the technological foundation laid by the “financial science and technology” strategy.
To “manual” financial operations insert “digitized” wings. The growing maturity of big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc., as well as larger and complete databases and circulatory circles, make building bank development “digital and inclusive” a natural barrier to the development of stock-based banks and urban farmers.
Figure 18: Construction of the "Digital Inclusion" model explores the path to implementation process, where construction banks have been spearheading the launch of micro-enterprises in 2018.
The model financing service platform, “You know what you're doing” app, seeks to create a silver bank that is easy for the general public to master and use, and achieves a mass acquisition and a re-engineering of the online process. When you get a customer, the establishment transforms the actual economic status of micro-enterprises into quantitative data, moving from a credit rating that is “based on financial indicators” to a “trade booking”
The ability to perform judgement on the central analysis of big data such as recording, which provides a wealth of data on public and private users, external communications, business, justice, social security, customs, etc., is statistically relevant and used to construct a credit model. At the same time, the risk early warning system (rad) and risk screening systems are built with its own help.
In the future, building bank digitally inclusive services will be further upgraded as new technologies such as biometrics, artificial intelligence, etc. Financial technology empowers banks to build up a digitally inclusive financial model to achieve real incremental growth.
Understanding you, as the main platform for small recipients, combines a variety of functions, such as online precision measurements, book openings, loan processing, value-added services, inclusive intellectual capabilities, and provides comprehensive, one-stop, multitouch, zero-distance services to clients. This has significantly increased the coverage of bank-inclusive financial services, creating online precisions, etc.
In 2020, a version 2.0 was introduced, with credit financing at its core, a system of exclusive products for all-inclusive customers, and a combination of financial and non-financial services.
In the first half of 2022, "Build Built Built Built Built Built Built Built" was designed to enrich the platform's non-financial landscape, incorporating the functions of demand matching, erp, manpower management, financial management and training management, and providing micro-enterprises with a user experience to leapfrog from "single finance" to "integrated service functions".
More than 170 million visits, more than 22.5 million downloads, more than 1.65 million clients, more than 10 million families, credit support of $7.41 trillion.
Millions of households, with “56,789” characteristics: they contribute more than 50% of taxes, more than 60% of gdp, more than 70% of technological innovations, more than 80% of jobs, and more than 90% of the market. But for a long time, they are “marginal groups” that cannot be covered by financial resources, and the “small and scattered” characteristics determine their needs.
By using big data for inclusive guest groups, the construction industry has increased the coverage of long-tailed groups, focusing on taxpayers, electricity users, individual business owners, micro-business owners, business owners, home lenders, credit card customers, supply chain customers, farmers, and creative clients.
In the first half of 2022, the average loan balance of bank-building inclusive finance providers was $949,000, an increase of about $220,000 compared to 2019. This suggests that when more small and medium-sized banks joined the inclusive finance sector, the customer structure for building banks moved upwards accordingly.
But it is still at a relatively low level, because of the very low cost of one-person operations under the BDS model, so that single-person credit is smaller and the customer structure is more depressed. At the same time, the Bank is working to create a differentiated product system that expands the client base.
Individual business owners, farmers-related clients, downstream customers, etc., and other inclusive financial sub-prime groups, such as individual business owners, farmers-related customers, supply chains, build up and upgrade “you know what you are” app, micro-prime loans, individual-run fast loans, Xuang fast loans, trading fast loans, etc., a range of box products that effectively connects market demand and supply of services, and enhances customer demand capacity and service efficiency.
For small and medium-sized micro-credits, the “Cloud Tax Credit” is based on tax information for small businesses, using big data analysis to provide micro-enterprises with a full-line, self-directed operating service that automatically calculates creditable amounts, speeds approval, and lends in a timely manner. For small and medium-sized micro-client groups, the “Employer Bay” service model has been developed, and the “Employer Bay” has been promoted.
To 25 provinces and cities, over RMB 37 billion in credit support has been provided to more than 15,000 businesses entering the Gulf.
Weaknesses and high credit risk. According to the United States Fortune magazine and the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry's China National Enterprise Development Report, SMEs have an average life cycle of 2.5 to 2.9 years, with a lack of collateral and a generally high rate of poor lending by micro-enterprises.
However, with the implementation of the “Digital Inclusion” strategy, the rate of inclusive finance has fallen further below the total group level. In November 2022, at the launch of the “Build You Know You” app3.0, Vice-President Choi Yong of the Building Bank.
According to the report, the default rate for building inclusive financial loans is only 1.18 per cent (about 2.5 per cent of potential non-performing loans), below the overall negative rate of 1.40 per cent for the 2022 quarter; and the accumulated write-off (processing) of non-performing loans is $28.6 billion. At the same time, the Bank has increased its provision for inclusive financial loans, amounting to more than $80 billion in total.
There is a continuing downward trend between 2017 and the first half of 2022 in the build-up and retail sectors, both of which include a larger number of small and individual businesses with an inclusive caliber.
Currently, building banks have a lower rate of financial impatience than other banks generally, and their good asset quality benefits from the technology-enabling business model. Building banks use digital technology to fine-tune risk controls and reduce the risk costs of inclusive lending.
The positive rate is 2.18%, well above the 1.82% rate for commercial banks as a whole. In a macro-level environment where the scale of poor assets of micro-enterprises has risen and pressure on financial institutions to dispose of them has increased, the indicators for building an excellent inclusive financial climate will be as follows: Building an inclusive financial disadvantage rate is lower than that of other banks as a whole
The data were disclosed in late 2021, the “Build Bank Inclusion” data was disclosed in November 2022 at the “Build Bank You Know You” app3.0, and the general inclusion data were disclosed by the Superintendence of Silver Insurance at the end of April 2022 as the default rate for bank-based inclusive micro-enterprises.
In addition, the construction bank explores the creation of a two-way, two-way, coordinated risk control mechanism in front of inclusive finance. First, it improves the two-way reporting lines and two-way communication mechanisms for inclusive finance, such as opening channels for front offices to report directly to the Chief Risk Officer on business developments and risks. Second, it creates a “policy plus technology” financial intelligence toolbox.
During the year, the risk early warning system (rad) was established to cover more than 80 per cent of MSMEs' poor customers; the risk screening system (rsd) automatically screened 78,971.12 million online operations, with 357,000 effective interdiction operations.
Risk assessment and rating card development for new loan products, joint construction of a three-pronged micro-credit anti-fraud control system for rules-plus lists-models, etc. The inclusive financial sector is expected to continue to develop of high quality as the industry continues to improve its digitally inclusive financial model.
Retailing priority: Housing rents advanced, consumer finance operations Construction banks were the largest domestic retail lending banks, with personal banking loans of $8.18 trillion in the first half of 2022. In recent years, the share of retail business in the banking sector has grown rapidly, and retailing has shifted more rapidly.
The construction bank is more complete than other banks as a large-scale State-owned bank, and the concept of “retail banking” has not been highlighted, but the “retail priority” strategy has been launched with a much stronger push. In 2017, the construction bank proposed a “retail priority” development strategy, with retail lending in the construction bank accounting for 2017-2019.
The share of retail trade in the first half of the year was 40.20 per cent, which is in the middle of the industry; total profits in the first half of the year increased as a percentage of total profits in the first half of the year, from 61.21 per cent to 56.74 per cent and 62.81 per cent, respectively, and contributed more to total profits in the second half of the year;
As an outstanding advantage, the unfavourable retailing rate was only 0.44 per cent in the first half of 2022, which was significantly lower than the industry and higher asset quality.
(b) Housing rentals: to deepen the housing front, and to take the lead in domestic banks, to take advantage of their mortgage lending, to fully implement the housing rental strategy and to deepen the housing front line.
Mortgage loans have long dominated the retail business of building businesses. Since 2017, companies have taken advantage of the core advantages of their own housing finance to insist on rent-buying and faster growth in current regulations.
In the context of the rental market, the forward-looking housing rental strategy. By the first half of 2022, mortgage lending had reached $6.56 trillion, representing 80.05 per cent of individual loans, and was higher in size and proportion than other majors; the housing rental integrated service platform had been built to cover 96 per cent of the country.
Over 10.25 million houses have been certified and 7.8 million contracts have been filed to provide trading platforms for 15,000 businesses, 4.034 million individual landlords and tenants; 200 long-term rental communities have been opened through ccb to provide rental environments for groups such as park blue collars, white collars and youth creators; and substantial support has been provided.
(b) The construction of secure rental housing, which corresponds to more than 500 secure rental housing projects in the main cities of the country, and the development and promotion of guaranteed rental housing apps and public rental apps, which are on-line in nearly 200 and nearly 100 cities of the country, at 35.33 per cent of the same amount; of this amount, the balance of corporate housing rental loans was $121.78 billion, or 48.47 per cent;
(b) The public rental housing loan balance of $58.84 billion, or 14.39 per cent of the year.
As of the first half of 2022, the default rate on individual housing loans at the construction bank was 0.25%, the lowest among the major banks. Housing loans, because of their long duration, characterized by stable and low rates of return on loans, have been an excellent asset for banks.
As its housing rental strategy deepens, it is expected to continue to protect asset quality. Consumer finance: credit card lending balances are at the top of the list, adapting to consumption-driven new times.
In 2002, a bank’s credit card centre was established in Shanghai; in 2003, a Lonecard credit card was introduced; and in 2017, the bank’s “retail priority” strategy led to a steady credit card loan balance. The construction of a deep-farm consumer finance system for banks has led to innovation in the creation of a rich credit card product system.
Building credit cards closely to all life scenes, matching the full range of consumer financial services that create crowds, meeting the diverse needs of customers, etc., car cards, global payment cards, etc., precision focus, client pain points, market advantage; "Lonka Saturday", "Change the World" and two brands that meet the internal needs of the country.
Recreational purchases demand such as daily consumption and offshore mining; innovative introduction of products such as green low-carbon cards, long-carat chains and city-based new-star cards; and introduction of new products such as credit cards, Bilibili credit cards, golddale credit cards, deformed diamonds, and continuous credit card migration and development of new products for young client groups.
Number of bank credit card clients, turnover, loan balances, quality of assets, etc., are among the leading players in the construction of thousands of accounts with a cumulative total of 107 million customers; consumer transactions of $1.44 trillion were achieved in the first half of the year; domestic credit card loans are shown in figure 32: number of bank credit card issuances and peer comparison
Figure 33: Comparison of credit card loan balances by line, the construction bank has been at the top of the list since 2017.
Compared to banks, eight larger banks with four main lines were selected for average composition indicators and bank-based financial data ratios. Overall, the advantages of bank-building operations are reflected in their financial indicators, with the roa and roe indicators at large.
At the forefront, profitability continues to be higher than the industry as a whole and more stable, with a strong built-in capital growth capacity and a strong performance advantage. The build-up of banks’ excess roa vis-à-vis their counterparts comes mainly from the low-cost margin advantage, rising levels of intermediate business income in integrated operations, and lower management costs.
As of the third quarter of 2022, the total assets of the construction bank had reached 34.30 trillion yuan, an increase of 13.37 per cent from the end of 2021. The growth rate in the construction of the bank had been favourable since 2020.
The rate of net profit growth in the construction of banks has been consistently higher than the average in the four major banks since 2017, with robust growth; in the third quarter of 2022, the rate of net profit in the construction of banks was 6.52 per cent, with a stronger profitability than the average in the four major banks: roa and roe have been at the top of the list.
The construction bank Roa, which is well in the forefront of the big business, is at the upper-middle level, with not only strong profitability, but also low leverage and correspondingly lower risks than its counterparts. Overall, the construction bank Roa is comparable to the business bank, but consistently higher than the agricultural bank, the Chinese bank, and other major banks.
The annualization of Roa was 1.02 per cent, third in 12 major businesses, less than 1.52 per cent in merchant banks and 1.09 per cent in industrial banks; the annualization of construction banks was 12.77 per cent in the first three quarters of 2022, the seventh in 12 major businesses, after seven years in a row in four.
Figure 38: Construction Roe is at the upper-middle level of the industry, Figure 39: Construction Roa is at the top of the industry.
In comparison with the four major banks, the excess of bank construction rose mainly from: (a) “net interest income/average assets” exceeding about 0.10 percentage points for the four main lines, with a strong net difference; and (b) “service charges and commission net revenue”
“Income/average assets” exceeds about 0.05 percentage points for the whole of the four main lines, and the level of middle-level operating income is higher.
Good; (2) “Operational and management costs/average assets” exceeds other major lines by about 0.21 percentage points, per cent, and assets are of better quality.
Bank, Bank of Hing, Bank of Puan, Bank of Sino-China, Bank of Min Seong, and Bank of Light are strong. Interest differentials are strong: the debt structure is superior, the peer leadership is maintained, benefits from its debt structure, and the bank balance is strong.
2.13 per cent, ranked first among the four main lines; the construction bank net difference was 2.05 per cent in the first three quarters of 2022, and second in the fourth, after 2.65 per cent in the agricultural banks, and remained at the same level as the industry upstream. The construction bank net difference continued its narrow trend in 2022, but it benefited from a recovery in interest-producing assets and interest interest in the first three quarters of 2022.
On the cost side, the advantage of low-cost liabilities has been maintained in relation to the rest of the industry as a whole, including the construction of the four major estates, where the interest-bearing liabilities of the construction bank in the first half of 2022 were 1.82 per cent, the highest in the four major estates, mainly due to upward pressure on the cost of the liabilities under the market competition; on the return side, the rate of return on the construction-based assets is four.
First on the row, but below the average for major lines other than the four. Figure 42: Construction net interest differentials and peer comparison. Figure 44: Construction interest-bearing asset rate of return in the top four rows
Figure 45: Cost ratio of interest-bearing liabilities compared to industry
Since 2019, as the poor rate of construction banks, business banks and Chinese banks is lower than that of the rest of the world, the poor rate of construction in the four branches has begun to rise above that of the rest of the world, close to and above that of the middle (higher than the ratio of middle-level loans to overseas loans and lower than the rate of poor lending to overseas banks).
At the end of the third quarter of 2022, the default rate was 1.40%. The build-up bank has maintained a high stock level and has been in second place in four major banks since 2017, after the agricultural bank, and at the end of the third quarter of 2022, the build-up default (late/bad loans) and the loan deviation (over 90 days)
Loans/non-performing loans for more than 90 days have been below the average of four lines for 10 years in a row, indicating that the construction bank’s bad findings are even more stringent. The late loan deviation from the construction bank at the end of the third quarter of 2022 was the lowest of the four; the late loan deviation from the construction at the end of the third quarter of 2022 was also at the lower end of the previous 90 days.
Figure 48: Comparison of builder ' s overdue loan deviations with industry: Figure 49: Comparison of builder ' s loan deviations for more than 90 days with industry, we assume that the key drivers of corporate profitability growth are as follows:
(1) Total asset growth: Given the central bank’s attempt to match the m2 growth rate with the nominal gdp growth rate, we expect that the overall growth rate in the banking sector will fluctuate around the nominal gdp growth rate over the next three years. We assume (2) net interest differentials: current bank consolidation due to the impact of the fall of lpr in the previous period and weak credit demand.
There may be significant errors, and we have provided a sensitive analysis of the net difference in the following text; (4) others: assuming that the future red rate will remain stable, without taking into account possible external financing factors.
Due to the high volatility of market interest rates, the net difference is highly uncertain about the projected impact, and we are sensitized to the following: we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the reasonable value range of the company; we use the three-stage ddm model for valuation, with the following assumptions:
A sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the discount rate and the constant growth rate, is presented in the following table. We have all listed banks together for horizontal comparisons.
We calculated the company's reasonable valuation using a combination of absolute and relative valuations, but the valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the assumptions about the company's discount rate and the constant growth rate, as well as its selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies, which included a number of subjective judgements:
(1) There are a large number of investors in the market, with varying investment terms, financial costs, opportunity costs, etc., so each investor may have its own margin of appreciation for discount rates, which may result in a market ' s unanimous judgement of the value of the company ' s internal value not being consistent with the conclusions we have drawn. We did a sensitivity analysis, but we did it.
Sensitivity analysis is not necessarily a comprehensive reflection of all investors' value for discount rates; (2) our assumption of a company's constant growth rate is subjective. We have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but the real situation is likely to fall outside of the sensitivity analysis:
(3) The risk of fluctuations in the overall valuation of the market may not be fully taken into account in the relative valuation, i.e., the change in Beta. Because of the current low overall valuation of the bank plate, there is a risk that the industry as a whole will be undervalued in the relative valuation method, resulting in an undervalued valuation of corporate horizontal comparisons.
Uncertainties about the future profitability of companies arise mainly from two factors: first, because of the high volatility of market interest rates and the fact that banks themselves adjust the configuration of their asset liabilities to market interest rate fluctuations in terms of the type, duration, etc., which exacerbates the impact of market interest rate fluctuations; and, second, because of the determination of non-performing loans and the corresponding provision for the transfer of silver,
There is more room for subjective regulation of our own, and this may lead to a much different reality from what we assume. For possible deviations from the net difference, we have conducted a sensitivity analysis before, and for possible deviations in the quality of assets, we have taken a cautious assumption.
Companies are subject to strict regulation in their industries, and their operations are heavily influenced by macroeconomic and monetary policies. If there is a larger adjustment in future industry regulation, monetary policy, etc., it may have an impact on their operations.
Banks are engaged in high-risk operations, including credit risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk. Changes in the macro, interest rate environment may have an adverse impact on the company’s financial data.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject