Incident: On 14 March, the Bank of Nanjing issued an announcement stating that BNP Paribas, which held more than 5 per cent of the company ' s shareholders, and the concerted actor, BNP Paribas (qfii), had increased the company ' s shares through a centralized competitive trading system with their own funds between 26 February 2024 and 13 March 2024.
Between \triangleright and 13 March 2024, BNP Paribas (qfii) had a combined increase of 79,868 thousand shares in the company.
However, it is hoped that this will support the conversion. By the end of 23 years, the balance of the debt that has been transferred to South China, which accounts for the total amount of its issuance, has been set up by the new senior management team, which has also sent a positive signal.
\triangleright has been put in place, with the Chairman of the Board being “after 75”, and the overall senior management team being young and expected to remain stable over a longer period of time, facilitating the long-term and stable implementation of the corporate strategy.
The ratio of fixed-term deposits is high, and the cost savings from the increase in the interest rate on deposit are even greater. For 22 years, the Bank of Nanjing (601009.sh) incident rating: the bank bank bank bank deposit rate has been revised downwards several times, with interest rates on fixed-term deposits falling more frequently and more significantly.
Stalled, strategic anchoring - 2022/12/11 Late 23h1 Nanjing bank term deposits account for 52% of interest-bearing liabilities and ranked among the listed city comptoirs 2. Nanjing Bank (6010009.sh) in the third quarter of 2022
Second, the end of the debt is expected to benefit significantly. On rhythm, according to the Nanjing Bank announcement, 23 years of bank deposits are low, with significant returns on dividends. At this stage, active public fund-raising has been retrenched, upstate funds are held at 0.4 per cent and 2.8 per cent respectively in the Nanjing Bank ' s free-flow pallet, and they are lower in the listed banks.
Quick performance rating: high performance, low performance, real gold not afraid of fire, and institutional fund entry and exit have a less negative impact on stock prices than long-term holding. At the same time, high dividends guarantee a significant return on long-term holdings, with the Nanjing Bank having a 30% share of cash, a steady high score of red and a comparison over the last three years.
Low valuations bring bright dividends, measuring the company ' s 23e dividends at 6.3%, which is no less than the state-owned stock market.
The large increase in foreign shareholders reflects a recognition of corporate values, the implementation of new executives, and the rejuvenation of executives in the long-term strategy. The Bank of Nanjing, as the leading comptoir in Jiangsu province, has a solid market base, and credit has been able to sustain steady growth.
23 years pb, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright includes BNP Paribas (qfii) as at 15 March 2024
Figure 1: The performance of Nanjing Bank up to 23q3 increased at the same rate, Figure 3: Time deposits at the end of 23h1 in the listed city comptoirs as a percentage of interest-bearing liabilities Figure 6: The public revenue warehouse, the North cash warehouse as a percentage of the free circulation shares of the listed banks
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.