Large banks have maintained robust asset quality, deposits have grown faster, bank receipts have grown steadily in the first half of the year, and fees and revenues have recovered rapidly. Companies have grown faster.
Long, but credit is constrained by low core-level capital adequacy rates, which slowed down in the second quarter, followed by a renewal of the capital replenishment process. Given firm fundamentals and low valuation levels, maintaining a robust growth in revenue and a recovery in fees
In the first half of the year, large banks achieved a robust overall growth rate of 9.0 per cent (vs + 10.2 per cent, 2020q1) on a year-on-year basis, with net interest income increasing by 11.1 per cent from the same year, which remained largely stable with the first quarter (+12.0 per cent); net fee income recovered in the context of a gradual decline in the impact of the epidemic.
The increase of 10.9% compared to 5.4 percentage points in the first quarter of the year. The increase in the cost of financial services was strong, with a 450% increase in the same year, making it the main dynamic to boost the growth in revenue from fees. Other operating income was reduced by 21.2% from the same year in which investment earnings were underperforming, with some delay in overall collection performance.
Stable growth and cost control are making a profit by making a 10.2% increase in pre-repreparation profits in the first half of large banks alone. But in response to the potential risks of the epidemic to banking operations, companies have increased their provision, with credit costs increasing from 1.63% to 0.58 percentage points.
2-quarter credit delivery slowed and deposits grew faster, with 2.30 per cent net interest spreads in the first half of the year for the larger banks, 2-quarter interest differentials for the larger banks measured according to the end of the period, 2-sixth per cent, compared to 11-bp down in the first quarter, where interest-bearing asset returns fell by 15 bp, a drop.
Downwards (7bp) above the cost of interest-bearing liabilities.
At the end of the debt, the growth in bank deposits in the first half of the year, 24.4 per cent in the same year, the share in the debt rose by 4.1 percentage points at the beginning of the comparison, and the quality of bank assets in the first half of the year remained stable. At the end of the year, the negative rate was 1.55 per cent, with the ring rising by 1 quarter.
At the market price of 28 August 2020, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
The downside of the economy led to a deterioration in the quality of assets that was more than expected. A steady increase in revenue from revenue from revenue from fees and charges, and a steady overall increase in revenue from large banks in the first half of the year, with a 9.0% increase in the same year (vs + 10.2%, 2020q1), with net interest charged.
A 11.1 per cent increase in revenue in the same year, which remained largely stable with the first quarter (+12.0 per cent); and a recovery of 10.9 per cent in the same year compared to 5.4 percentage points in the first quarter in the context of a gradual decline in the impact of the epidemic. A strong increase of 450 per cent in the same-year increase in the cost of financial services was the main motivation for the increase in revenue from fees. Other operating income was reduced by 21.2 per cent, compared to the overall battalion, owing to poor investment returns.
In the first half of the year, large banks achieved 10.2% pre-repreparation profit growth, while steady growth in revenue collection and cost control are making a profit. But in order to address the potential risks of the epidemic to bank operations, companies increased the provision, and credit delivery slowed down in the second quarter.
The net interest gap for the first half of the period was 2.30 per cent for large banks, and we measured a 2-quarter interest gap for large banks according to the end of the period, 2.16 per cent lower than for the first quarter, with interest-bearing asset returns declining by 15 bp, which was lower than the cost of interest-paying liabilities (7 bp). The asset end-of-year rate of return dropped by 52.8 per cent, with large banks increasing the ratio of portfolio-type assets mainly in the second quarter, and a 3.0 per cent increase in the 2-quarter ring, which represents an increase in the size of the company.
At the end of the year, the growth in bank deposits in the first half of the year was impressive, with 24.4% rise in the same-ring ratio, and a 4.1 percentage point to 73.5% increase in the share of liabilities compared to the beginning of the year. The quality of bank assets in the first half of the year remained stable. The negative end-of-year rate was 1.55%, and the ring was equal to the one quarter; the focus group loan was lower than at the beginning of the year.
We estimate a negative yield rate of 1.88 per cent for the company ' s write-offs in the second quarter, a steady increase in the first half of the year (1.72 per cent) and a recovery in fees and fees. The company ' s size is growing faster, but credit is constrained by low capital adequacy at the core level, the pace of growth slows in the second quarter, and the follow-up capital replenishment process is noteworthy.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)