Lithium prices have fallen and performances have been reduced, and projects have advanced to upgrade the public.
2. Our analysis and judgment that (i) the decline in lithium prices and the change in fair value have brought down the company ' s performance
In the reporting period, the actual production of the company ' s lithium product (dithium carbonate equivalent) was 54.2 million tons, an increase of 28.24 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the sales also reached 48.4 million tons, an increase of 24.33 per cent over the previous year. However, the market price for lithium product was lower, according to the Asian metal network.
The spot prices for lithium carbonate (99.5 per cent) and lithium hydroxide (56.5 per cent) in 2019 were $6.9 million per ton and $8.28 million per ton, respectively, down 40.91 per cent and 39.90 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year, plus the company ' s cost input of raw materials for lithium and lithium battery series products.
The overall Māori ratio of companies decreased by 12.6 per cent over the reporting period, with an increase of 22.75 per cent over the same period, followed by a loss of $395 million in net profits due to a change in fair value due to lower equity prices of participating companies pilbara.
At the end of the reporting period, the company had nine production bases worldwide, lithium amalgamated.
The total production of lithium hydroxide products increased further in 2018, and the company ' s lithium hydroxide production is expected to increase further, as are its lithium-carbonate operations, lithium hydrogen oxide, lithium-hydride, and lithium metal, which are designed to produce 40.1 million tons, 3.1 million tons, and 0.160,000 tons, respectively.
Progress has been made with the creation of $603 million (yoy+37.54%) for companies during the reporting period, and the existing 30 million/year polymer lithium battery project and the 0.6gwh high-capacity battery project have been successfully launched during the reporting period.
(iii) Ongoing development of construction projects, purchase orders from the Hard Nuclear Client Resources Guarantee Corporation, which intends to access global upstream lithium resources and focus on the extraction of halogenated water. In 2019, the company actively promoted 40,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate from the cauchari-laroz lithium salt lake
The aim was to develop and plan for production in 2021; the 50,000-ton battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line will be operational this year, and the company plans to produce 100,000-ton lce ore lithium, 100,000-ton lce halogen and clay-based lithium production capacity in 2025 based on the project; this is a cycle.
With the exception of a number of projects, the company’s high-quality customer resources are hard core, such as Tesla, BMW, Korea’s ligology, and the German public all have contracts with the company for the supply of lithium hydroxide products.
The company, as the leader of the lithium industry, has a wealth of lithium resources and a high capacity for lithium production, and, in addition to increasing its strength, has the soft power to bring together well-known customers such as Tes, Germany’s BMW. Lithium products are currently relatively low, but new.
The reliance of energy vehicles on lithium hydroxide batteries may bring back other opportunities for the company. We therefore expect that the company’s 2020, 2021 ps 2) projects will not advance as expected;