At the bottom of the company ' s profits, watch for future growth -- a review of the 2019 annual report and a review of the 2020 quarterly report.
The company published its annual report 2019 and its quarterly report 2020. In 2019, the company realized its business income, and all shareholders found a gold dividend of $3 per 10 shares. In the first quarter of 2020, the company's operating income continued to fall short of corporate profitability and non-recurrent gains and losses.
In 2019, the company sold 4.84 million tons of lithium salt and metal products, an increase of 24.33 per cent. Business revenue of $4.161 billion, a decrease of 0.19 per cent, was recorded. According to information from Begawa, the average domestic battery-grade lithium carbonate in 2019 was $692,000 per ton, a decline in the same year.
43.15 per cent; battery-grade lithium hydroxide at an average cost of $85.2 million per ton, a decline of 38.41 per cent over the same period. The share price of lithium, mainly held by companies, dropped in the pilbara stock.
The company ' s current upstream mineral resources include, inter alia, Mountmarion, pilgangoora, Mariana, and cauchari-olaroz, mainly from the Ningdu River; among them, Moonmarion currently produces 400,000 tonnes/year of lithium concentrate.
The company now has 405 million tons of lithium carbonate production, 310,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production, and is building 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production lines every year.
The company’s downstream customers include the Ninder era, Biadey, 100% latitude, the country’s top clients, and the foreign clients are Tesla, lig, BMW, the general public, and Matsuko.
In 2019, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the public and BMW to designate the company as the supplier of upper lithium salt and to cooperate in areas such as lithium battery recycling.
Lithium oxide is of high quality, and the company is currently in short supply of lithium hydroxide production capacity. Lithium prices have reached the bottom zone and are expected to warm with end demand. Lithium salt prices continued to decline in 2019, and supply and demand conflicted significantly, especially after the subsidy transition period.
The end demand is weak, downstream producers are concentrated in stock, and at the end of the year they are subject to financial pressure, low prices, frequent low prices, and even low prices. Prices are now falling below the cost line for lithium, which is lower than for some salt lakes, and many small businesses do not have it.
With the price of lithium salt falling, firms in the industry gradually cut production, shut down production, and slowed down their plans for new productive capacity. Moreover, lithium salt products are not suitable for long-term storage (up to three months), and the industry’s inventory cycle is not very long.
The subsidy policy has been extended to 2022, and the downside of the subsidy has slowed, and the public transport subsidy has not broken down in 2020.
Lithium battery operations have developed differently, and there has been a high rate of development of the company ' s lithium cell plate, which in 2019 generated $603 million, a year-on-year increase. Batteries were launched in the first quarter of 2019, using soft and hard-shell tight designs.
The containment of batteries, a significant reduction in the risk of leaks and an increase in anti-magnetic interference, are more safe and relevant than the products of other competitors in the market, and downstream should be based on manufacturers such as customers, mainly jbl and walkers. At the same time, companies are forward-looking layout solid-state power.
The pool, which has now been invested in the development of a test production line for the first generation of solid lithium batteries produced in a billion-watt-hour year, has also been actively configured for lithium recycling, for the dismantling of decommissioned lithium batteries and for the integrated recovery of rare metals, which has now generated 34,000 tons of recycling capacity.
The price of lithium fell over time and over-expectedly, the company’s capacity was not released as much as expected, downstream customers’ new capacity was not sold as expected, and tws batteries were not delivered as expected.
The author is an independent and objective person with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Industry Association to consult on securities investment, with due diligence and professionalism.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.