Reshaping value chain efficiency, and growth driven by out-of-cycle migration Investment rating: increasing (first) the number of middle-country electric taps in the world
After 52 years of development, the United States has become a global technology group with a conglomerate of intellectuals, a motor and electrical enterprise, a heating and building industry, a robotics and automation industry, and a digital innovation business, with products and services benefiting more than 200 countries and territories around the world.
• Core competitiveness: good tissue genes and how to express them.
The right strategic decisions are made and, in the course of business practice, good principles of doing things are applied to companies whose prices are compared to their 300-year-old trends, whose genes are brought into the United States, whose culture and values are beautiful, and which produce efficient businesses.
• Governance structures that guide America to do the right things in change, create value for its clients on a continuous basis, and move through multiple economic and industrial cycles. • Core point one: R & D plus channel change, driving value chain re-engineering, digging deep moats
The company is well aware of the retail nature of domestic electricity, driving value chain re-engineering and creating better products and faster services for its users by increasing research and development inputs and driving change in its channels.
(b) Channel change: full implementation of the “t+3” model, based on cloud sales, cloud numbers, Anderswig, to promote a comprehensive digital transformation, to accelerate information, products and financial flows and to create a “cut-off” model;
Soft manufacturing capacity, guaranteeing a faster and more accurate response to demand. • Core two: Industrial expansion + global breakthroughs, driving the outer circle of capacity, widening the moats, growing through industrial expansion and global breakthroughs, expanding through industrial expansion and global breakthroughs.
Industry and incremental markets, promoting the out-migration of capacity circles, opening up new opportunities for growth. Industry expansion: Tob industries, such as industrial chains, deployment of core parts of new energy vehicles and industrial robots, using advanced corporate governance experience, strong financial power and extensive marketing channels.
Enabling, emerging industries are promising; global breakthroughs: use of product+brand+channels+supply services; multiple breakthroughs to increase the number of home brands on the sea and to plan to collect more than 40 billion raw materials abroad by 2025 at risk of rising prices; globalization is not as fast as possible due to repeated overseas epidemics and international relations
Phase risk: increased risk from competition in the industry.1 The world's leading Chinese electric taps, the North Koreans, raised funds in the name of “production self-help”, and created the American predecessor, the “Standing plastic production unit on North Park Street”, and benefited from it.
Ken, as head of the team, started a half-century-long drive to start a business. The company initially focused on simple products such as plastic bottle caps, and continuously restructured its main business in order to survive and develop, then engaged in various industries such as hardware and auto parts.
Since then, the United States has set up a home-owned industry, which for decades has been “doing not to relax” and has been doing great things. By 2020, the company had achieved a net profit of $27.2 billion for its mother, leading the world's domestic power industry.
The history of the United States is a great business history: 5,000 to 500 billion. We divided the development of the United States into five stages: 1) 1968-1979: Making whatever money you make. On May 2, 1968, led by Mr. He He Hen-Han,
Twenty-three residents of the North have raised 50 yuan each to raise funds from other sources to start a business based on the concept of “production of self-help” for 5,000 yuan to start up the company's predecessor, a plastic production unit. The original facility was poor, semi-mechanized, and was dominated by the production of simple small plastic products, such as plastic caps; in 1969-1974, the company was still “what makes what makes what”.
At this stage, the product was added to the plastic caps with medicinal glass bottles, leather balls, etc.: in 1975, he took note of the frequent malfunctioning of the company's customer's transport vehicle and the high rate of Maori in the zero-air industry, and then started producing gold products, rubber accessories and standard parts, and renamed the company the “Shonde County Northern Commune Plastic Metals Factory”;
In 1976, the company changed its name to the “Shond County North Community Automobile Parts Factory” and started producing auto parts; in 1979, it introduced a policy of stimulating industrial development, increasing the supply of electricity, finding commercial opportunities, and the company began producing generators.
In 1980, the company received a large production order from Guangzhou Second Electrical Plant for the production of electric fan spare parts.
In November, the company produced its first metal fan, named Ming Ju, officially entered the home electrical industry and renamed the company the “Shondeh County Northern Commune Power Company”; in 1981, the company registered the “American” trademark and renamed the “Shundeh County American Fan Factory”; in 1984, the company launched a full plastic fan replacement metal fan, with a gun and red, and then changed the name to “Shond County American Home”.
Electronics Company: In 1985, the company's air conditioning project applications were not approved because of the State's restrictions on the electricity-intensive sector, and the company began buying it from the Guangzhou Marine Equipment Plant because it was not well run to sell an air-conditioning production line, becoming the first air-conditioning company to produce air-conditioning in Sindh County, four and six years earlier, respectively.
In 1986, the company set up a board of directors, set up a system of functional structures, launched an export-oriented strategy and effectively avoided the country's fan market.