The United States group: value chain re-engineer efficiency, power-cycle migration driving growth, leading the world’s middle-country electric poles. After 52 years, the United States group has developed into a conglomerates of smart households, industrial technology in the United States, the Ministry of Building Science and Technology, the Ministry of Robots and Automotive Industries, the Globalized Technology Group, which is a five-block digital innovation business, with products and services reaching about 400 million users in more than 200 countries and territories around the world.
Core competitiveness: excellent organizational genes and culture. The founding team, led by the right people at critical points and in the face of critical changes, has vigorously implemented the right strategic decisions, and has injected the principles of good doing into the United States of America's genetics in continuous business practice, shaping good corporate culture and values, giving rise to efficient corporate governance structures, and providing guidance.
• Core point one: R & D plus channel change, driving value chain re-engineering, digging deep protected rivers. Companies understand the nature of domestic electricity retailing, driving value chain re-engineering and creating better products and faster services for their users by increasing R & D inputs and driving a shift in channels. R & D: strategic axes upgrade to further establish technology leadership.
In part, the cumulative investment in R & D by companies in 2013-2020 exceeded 57 billion yuan, gradually building up the advantages of the scale of R & D and safeguarding product quality and innovation; and channel change: the “t+3” model was fully implemented, based on cloud sales, cloud numbers, and IUPAC, to promote a comprehensive digital transformation, to accelerate information, products and financial flows, and to create a flexible “product-free” manufacturing capacity, to guarantee faster and more accurate demand response.
By expanding their industries and global breakthroughs, companies constantly explore incremental industries and megamarkets, pushing out capacity circles and opening up new opportunities for growth. Industry expansion: through upstream and downstream extension of the industrial chain, deployment of core parts of new energy vehicles and industrial robots, tob operations, using advanced corporate governance experience, solid intellectual manufacturing capacity, robust financial power and extensive marketing channels, new industries can develop for a long time; and global breakthroughs: profit.
The product+brand+channels+supply services have made a multi-faceted breakthrough, increasing their own branding, planning to collect more than $35 billion overseas by 2025, and making a lot of money in overseas markets.
Nucleus one: R & D plus channel change, driving value chain re-engineering, digging deep moats.
Huaansecurities.
The history of the United States is a great business history: from $500 million to $500 billion. We divided the development of the United States into five stages: 1968-1979: “What makes money, what produces.” On 2 May 1968, under the leadership of Mr. He He, 23 residents of the North gathered $50 each to raise funds from other sources.
In 1969-1974, the company was still in the “what earns and what produces” phase, and the products were added to the plastic caps; in 1975, the company changed its name to the “Shondish City Park plastics and metal factory” and started producing hardware, rubber accessories and standard parts, among others.
(b) In 1979, the change of policy to stimulate the outbreak of industrial production, the excessive use of electricity, the insufficiency of electricity, the sniffing of commercial opportunities and the shift of the company to the production of generators.
Figure 1 Collection receipts for business start-ups, Figure 2 Company's early production of equipment and plastics • 1.1 development journey: from $500 million to $500 billion over 50 years of shock
In 1980, the company received a large production order from Guangzhou's second electrical plant for the production of electric fan spare parts.
Pearl, which formally entered the household electricity industry and changed the name of the company to “Shondeh County Northern Commune Electrical Plant”; in 1981, the company registered the trademark “American” and renamed the “Shond County American Fan Factory”; in 1984, the company introduced a full plastic fan to replace a metal fan, a gun and a red one, and used it as a symbol.
In 1985, the company acquired the Guangzhou Marine Devices, an air conditioning line, to become the first air-conditioning company to produce air-conditioning in Sindh County, Bihuabao, Coroné, four and six years earlier. In that year, the company began to bring in talent from outside, “Saturday Engineers.”
In 1986, the company set up a board of directors, set up a system of functional structures, launched an export-oriented strategy and effectively avoided the brutal competition in the domestic market of fans; in 1988, the company acquired direct import and export rights, the first to be achieved in the country.