Resource and Environmental Research Center Short-term Impact Needs, Pulsification to Reduce Volatile Risks The company released a 1-quarter report in 2020 and realized business income of $15,343 million in the first quarter of the year, a decline in the same year
The polyurethane sector continues to expand, petrochemical operations are steady, the epidemic has short-term effects on mdi demand, and an orderly competition is expected to stabilize the product base profit space.
3. "According to the edges of the thorns, the multi-dimensional fabrics seek to lead the business, have a good market base and branding influence. Short-term overseas epidemics are expected to demand products.
Influencing, however, firms are expected to reduce market pressure with cost advantages and market influences, and gradually stabilize base profits with centralized market patterns. Companies are expected to gradually strengthen their competitiveness in the field of tdi through constant cost excellence and market layout.
On the basis of the size and line expansion of the Phuket base, which is based on the production capacity and later layouts, it is based on the size and composition of a two-pronged approach that continuously consolidates its market influence on polyurethane plates and stabilizes corporate industrial voice.
The price of oil fell sharply in March, the price of the lpg agreement had not yet been adjusted, and the average price of the propane and butane agreement had increased by 10.3 per cent, 14.5 per cent, the ring had increased by 16.3 per cent, 20.9 per cent, while the petrochemical products had been affected by crude oil prices and demand, the price had fallen, and the book price of the product had been significantly reduced.
The East cp Prices Commission, with its unique lpg hole storage advantage, has enabled the company to adjust the volume of lpg purchases flexibly, while, with the trade and inventory of lpg, the company has effectively smoothed the risks of the petrochemical project cycle and continues to make the petrochemical project profitable in the process of a significant contraction in product price differentials.
Continued high levels of R & D inputs, fine-tuning of long-line layouts and developments in the chemical industry. 1 quarter of epidemic conditions, impact on product sales and prices, and downside profits, but companies still maintain high levels of R & D investment, quality upgrading and process optimization of existing products, together with new product development research and development.
With the extension of the end-product of new materials, high-tech value-added is exchanged to withstand the risk of significant cyclical fluctuations based on an enhanced development space.
In the short term, as a result of the epidemic, the demand for some products, such as polyurethane, has been affected, taking into account that the polyurethane industry, Wang Minghui, has a better pattern and has cost and size advantages, while the price adjustment for petrochemical raw materials in the second quarter is expected.
Epidemic affects downside risk in the price of demand products; new projects fall short of expectations; and risks from price volatility of raw materials.