Chemicals (600309) Chemicals, short-term performance, long-term growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company achieved business income of 15.34 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2020, a 3.8 per cent decline in the same year; Net profit of 1.38 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2020, a 50.7 per cent decrease in the same year; Epidemic factors influenced by a quarter performance pressure. The company ' s overall Māori rate for the first quarter of the year was 20.1 per cent, a significant increase in the same year.
The sale of ester series products dropped by 8.7 per cent on the same date. The average price of polymdi in Shandong region was RMB 1275.0 per ton per quarter, a decline of 9.2 per cent on the same year, while the average Māori in Polymdi fell by 31.6 per cent on the same year, and the total income of polyurethane operations declined by 22.7 per cent, while the price of the products fell by the same period last year.
The price of acrylic, epoxypropane, mtbe, formalbutyl alcohol, acrylic acid and acrylic esters increased by 60.4 per cent on a quarterly basis, resulting in a 35.8 per cent increase in overall income and a 15.4 per cent increase in refined chemicals and new materials.
The mdi market does not have to be pessimistic and is expected to rise in the future. The domestic mdi market price has been weak since the beginning of the year, with prices in Shandong and East China now around $11,000-12000/tonne, pure mdihua, the Shanghai Federation's 590,000-ton installation scheduled to be overhauled in May, and other plants will be cut back in May.
The high level of pure mdi stocks at the time, but the storage conditions are high, and the current low downstream demand makes it difficult to increase significantly even after the re-opening of the refurbished mdi device, and the future of the domestic polymer mdi market is either tight or prolonged.
The liquids, slurry, and ammonia plants are more severely affected in Zhejiang. The price of upstream raw materials is under greater pressure as international oil prices soar, and we believe that domestic mdi prices in May, in the supply and demand structure, will be put into production in the fourth quarter of 2020.
The first environmental impact evaluation of the polyurethane industrial chain integration - ethylene II project, Inc., will result in the construction of a new 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene and downstream integration project, based on graphite oils, mixed butanes, which produces acetylene, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream products through a 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission device, including mainly ethylene.
Devices such as fission, fission gasoline plus hydrogen, aromatic aromatic pump, butadiene, high-density polyethylene, low-density polyethylene, polyolefin plastics/elastics, polypropenes, and accompanying public engineering and ancillary production facilities. With the launch of the first phase of the 1 million tons of ethylene project in 2020, the company will begin to build the second phase of the ethylene project, which will go into one.
A step-by-step extension of the upstream industrial chain and diversification of downstream products. The construction of the ethylene project is conducive to the complete integration of the polyurethane (PUR) industrial chain in the all-breeding plant, addressing the raw materials of ethylene oxide and epoxypropane in the industrial park polyol production process and the consumption of by-product salt in the ICCP industrial chain.
Acids contribute to the balanced development of the industry. In addition, the project, using state-of-the-art international processes and the technology of HDRO production, will create the highest ethylene chain in the country, fill gaps in the domestic sphere and break the monopoly of foreign technology.
Risk: The ethylene project is in progress or not as expected.
The company, the construction mdi, the expansion tdi project assumes that the prices of the company ' s polyurethane operations mdi and tdi products remained stable for the period 2020-2022 and that, due to the effects of the epidemic, the prices of the company ' s petrochemical products, such as epoxypropane, butanol and acrylic acid, remained stable for the period 2020-2022.
Based on the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2020-2022 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.