Kim is not afraid to see the company grow.
In the reporting period, the company sold 601,000 tons of polyurethane, Liu Shaying, 564,000 tons or -82 per cent of the ring, $6.37 billion in revenues, and 1.28 million tons of petrochemical products (including trade) in sales.
The volume was 4.49 million tons, with $5.46 billion in revenue; the sale of new materials was 94,000 tons, with $1.4 billion in revenue. There was a decline in gross q1 stocks, with $10.58 billion in inventory at the end of the reporting period and $20 billion in ring line, linked to pressure on product sales and a decline in raw material prices.
The price of the main product has fallen in relation to the same price difference and the ring ratio has remained stable. In the reporting period, the average price of the polymer mdi was 124,000 yuan/tonne/mdi-methamphetamine price difference of 7396 yuan/t; the same price was nearly 1850 yuan/tonne lower; the ring price was 440 yuan/tonne; The price of propane-propene was 2597 yuan; the price was 635 yuan/tonne lower compared to the same price; and the ring price was 74 yuan/tonne higher compared to the same period.
Monetary funds remain strong with a 20% slide. Trading financial assets amounting to $4.23 billion, compared to $400 million, have been released or will gradually improve as the global epidemic improves at the bottom of the spectrum.
The value of research and development provides the basis for the development and industrialization of a variety of products in the company’s new materials.
With 708 million yuan, +764% of the same year and 6.15% of the ring, mainly due to the fall in the harvest, the construction project is well under way. The fossil block 1 million tons of ethylene is expected to be in production in four quarters, with new material attached to the low-grade hydrocarbons, and the ethylene project is net every year in the event of a drop in oil prices to $25, chemical products and falling chemicals.
At $3 billion, the design of the project product programme is sound. The Ethylene II phase is in the EXCE phase. The new material plate, pc2, 130,000 tons, is expected to be ready for production in mid-year, and the project on 250,000 tons/year high performance modified resins in the Humnihu Mountains was successfully launched in 19 years and is expected to be ready for production in 21 years.
In the future, the share of ICCP will expand steadily, with future postnatal companies having an interest of 2.3 million tonnes, tdi rights, innovation, integration, and gardening being the three core advantages of the chemical industry. The moat river is becoming more and more prominent.
2. "Wanhua Chemical Company Review: Vanhua Fujian Base 1,600 yuan/t/t/t/t/t/t, new materials are being industrialized, and new processes are gaining ground. Innovation is the core competitiveness of the chemical industry. The company builds long-term moats with its roots of innovative genes, integration and gardening.
In the long term, with a number of major advantages, it will become more evident as a nuclear asset in the chemical field, with a weaker cycle. The retrace of recent years has been better than the actual roe 2-12 ptt.
Quantifying it is becoming better through product program optimization and effective expansion of production capacity. Investment proposal: We firmly value the company’s long-term growth and its full range of advantages in the chemical industry, predicting public fluctuations, less demand from mdi, less progress from project to project, and the impact of the epidemic on the global economy.
Liu Shaoqing, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Xian Transport, University of Tianjin, formerly employed in the China Ball Engineering Company Ltd., six years of chemical consulting and design experience, 2019 years of which have not been, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.