Material materials, self-made blood, a new cycle of capital spending, accompanied by long-term growth of the company.
Layout, self-breeding, and entering a new cycle of capital spending. Investors may be worried about corporate cash flow and project returns, and we believe that the cash flow of the company is easy, that the project is well organized, that the investment returns are good, and that investors are advised to hold it for a long time, with the company growing.
In 2001, when the company was listed, the main product was a single product with a modified mdi capacity of only 100,000 tons. After 19 years of growth, the company has built a new round of capital spending in Shandong, Zhejiang Ningbo, Fukuk, China.
The construction of the six integrated chemical industrial parks of Fukucing, Guangdong Joohai, Sichuan Hills and the European Hungarian Chemical Industry Parks, which formed polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials, evolved into a global leader with total equity/flow (million shares)
Primary suppliers and service providers, tdi,adi, polyether, tpu, etc., new total market value/flow (millions of yuan) are highly competitive suppliers of petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials.
Highest/minimum (md) for 12 months with 2.1 million tons of mdi capacity, 550,000 tons of tdi capacity, acquisition of Fujian Cornell project, increased to 27.44 per cent, remaining the world ' s first), tdi total production capacity of 800,000 tons/year (global market share)
Quarterly review of Van Hwa Chemistry: Reverse winds, 17.21% up to 23.22%, third-higher to first-tier global) and reserve of Ningbo-to-Smoke mdi expansion project, totalling 800,000 tonnes.
-20/20/04/26 million chemosynthetic (60309), t-butylol, 300,000 t-polyether polyol, etc., are also being built with 1 million tons of ethylene and accompanying projects.
We've got a report of the year: short-term returns, medium-term and long-term returns, 70,000 tons per month, 2 130,000 tons by the end of November 2019, 50,000 tons per year.
Mma (in production January 2019), 80,000 tonnes/year pmma (in production January 2019), and so on.
"Multichemicals: Bubufu base, mdi and Xia, 200,000 tons of sap, lemon allips, spices, adi, 40,000 tons of nylon 12, membrane plant, tdi tap status further consolidated"
Several new projects, such as Phase II of the Southwest Base Project, and the Huanhua Chemical Fortune Industrial Park. - From 2020/03/05, cash flow expenditure on corporate investment activities has increased significantly since 2016, showing company entry
Self-building, a new period of strong capital spending, coupled with long-term growth of the company, we believe that (1) the net cash flow of the company ' s operations continues to grow. This is much greater than the corresponding net cash flow of the year ' s investment activity, which stood at $10.21 billion in 2017-2019, respectively.
In recent years, the polyurethane and petrochemical industries have gone down, adding to the impact of the epidemic, and are expected to have some impact in the short term. But the company’s new investment projects are largely linked to its own strengths and many devices.
Using its own technology, the base layout covers China’s regions of China, China, China, South China, South-West and Europe, building up and downstream integrated recycling chains, continuing to do more than polyurethane, petrochemicals, and more than 30%. With new projects coming into operation, the company’s profits can grow over time.
2 million tons of ethylene project q4 in 2020, with 1.2 million tons on the agenda in two issues The company is building a million tons of ethylene project, with a total investment of 16.8 billion yuan into the c2 industry chain, the first one to be completed in the Eastern Province of Hills, scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2020
The project covers 2,400 acres, and its main products include 1 million tons of ethylene, its advantages and implications: (1) addressing the bottlenecks of mdi, tdi by-product hydrochloric acid (2) addressing the feedstock problems of ethylene oxide (3) making full use of existing feedstock advantages (4) making full use of the present.
With public works (5) benefiting from the mature global lpg trading system and accompanying facilities, the company “ethylene plant material propane” is sufficient, convenient and easy to acquire, and the company's lpg trade experience is significant (6) We believe that it is best for itself to choose the raw material for ethylene cracking.
At the same time, on December 23, 2019, the first E.C.E. II project was launched. The project was based on scerebral oils and mixed butanes, with 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission.
Devices for the production of aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream products include, inter alia, ethylene fission, fission gasoline plus hydrogen, aromatic aromatic pumping, butadiene, high-density polyethylene, low-density polyethylene, polyolefin plastics/elastics, polypropylene, and accompanying public engineering and auxiliary production facilities.
With a total investment of about 20 billion yuan in 1.2 million tons of Ethylene II projects, the net profit center is at $4 billion, considering the impact of the epidemic, and maintaining the last profit forecast, we expect the company to build its own blood from 2020 to 2022, a new period of capital spending that will accompany the company's long-term growth.
The ethylene project was launched after the birth, and the profit center of the support company went back to the next step, maintaining 200 billion dollars, self-made blood, a new period of high capital spending, accompanied by long-term growth of the company.
Figure 3: MCF, construction in progress and cash flow (in billions of yuan)
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report