The performance is consistent with our expectation that the three main advantages will continue to deepen - Quantico Chemical (600309.sh) Cao Xuant.
Ningbo collects $17.6 billion, net profits $4.67 billion, bc collects $11.5 billion, net profits $1.44 billion. Mr. Liu's performance is exactly what we expected, and we're using the full plant material, power Ping in our 2019.12 depth report.
Prices and price differentials for major products have declined during the reporting period. The company’s polyurethane series sold 2.62 million tons, collected $20.1 billion, raised 11.15 per cent and +0.88 pct, sold 415,000 tons of new material series, lost $3232/ton by 750/ton.
The mdi and pure mdi prices fell to $11,400 and $14650 per ton, respectively. Mission: “Chemicals, make life better!” sharpened its determination to focus on the chemical industry, to stay green, to grow beyond client expectations, to follow human standards, to strive for more technological innovation for the benefit of humanity.
New chemical materials. In 2019, the Global Research and Development Headquarters on Magnetic Mountain was inaugurated; Ningbo High New Technologies was found successful; 553 new patents were applied for and 116 new inventions were authorized throughout the year; the number of R & D personnel was 2,348 + 65%; and the industry-wide manufacturing of technology was awarded the IUC Principal Award for Scientific and Technological Progress.
The company has full access to proprietary intellectual property (IPR) posm techniques, mma, pmma, tdi combinations, dib, mibk, etc., the industrialization of nylon-12 and lemon formaldehyde, the continuous extension of the industrial chain through tests such as polyether ammonium, and the credibility of product high-end processes that will upgrade the company.
The 1 million tonnes Ethylene project is expected to be launched in four quarters, with new material attached to the upper-ranking light hydrocarbons, reliable, adaptable, downstream rich, 1, and the W.W.C.E. Review: W.W.W.B. Base.
The supply of raw materials to create synergies among the series of products and the recent drop in the price of propane, which, according to our estimates, represents an average annual net profit of $2.96 billion for the ethylene project at current prices, 18.7 per cent after tax, 19.4 per cent for roi, reflecting the sound design of the project product programme. In addition, the 130,000 tons of pc2 are expected to be produced in mid-year, and the 250,000 tons in the Wanwam Mountain are expected to be produced in mid-year.
2. The Manpower Chemical In-depth Study 2019-12-/year high performance modified resin project was successfully launched in 19 years.
3. " The Quantities Review " (restructuring of the new industry 16-60% and 40%. Guidance catalogue published: Deeply grasping industrial structural development.
There are three important advantages to innovation, integration, and gardening. The company isocyanate is an efficient and manageable field. Direction 2019-11-06 mdi is a technological leader, project implementation is efficient, costs are more than $1,600/t, and new materials are available.
The new process continues to be industrialized, with a strong core advantage, and in recent years it has become more superior to the actual roe2~12pc scale by validly validating its excellence through product program optimization and productive expansion. Volatility, less demand from mdi, less progress from project to project, and the impact of the epidemic on the global economy.
Liu Shaoqing, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Xian Transport, University of Tianjin, formerly employed in the China Ball Engineering Company Ltd., six years of chemical consulting and design experience, 2019 years of which have not been, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.