The polyurethane sector has continued to expand and petrochemical operations have steadily advanced with a net profit of $10.13 billion, a decrease of 34.92 per cent over the same period.
Tons, 22.3% lower compared to the same year, and polymer mdi, an average billing price of $15,5558/ton less than 26.2% compared to the same year. Companies continue to expand the range of products such as tdi in the polyurethane sector to mitigate the profit effects of industrial shocks through constant cost advantages.
The base is based on a further expansion of size and production lines, based on a combination of size and cost, without compromising the market implications of polyurethane plates and stabilizing corporate industrial discourse.
The Fujian base layout, which continues the polyurethane industry, increased production by 11 per cent on a year-on-year basis, reduced the fixed cost of single-ton products by nearly 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2019. At the same time, the company built 1.2 million units based on its geographical advantages.
" Stringencies built up with thorns, multi-dimensional layouts seeking long-term lpg denominations that allow for a continuous increase in the volume of lpg trade on the basis of low-cost storage of raw materials " . By the fourth quarter of 2019, the volume of company lpg trade continued to increase, and single-quarter lpg trade was achieved.
Approximately 1.2 million tons are easy to go, thus increasing the company’s bargaining power over raw materials and driving the cost of raw materials further down. As the company’s two-phase construction of about 1.2 million cubic caves progresses, the company will further scale up its trade and strengthen its base from the source side.
The company's Magnetic Mountain Global Research and Development Headquarters was launched in 2019, combining research and development with industrial production depth, while 250,000 tonnes/year high-performance modified resins began work at the Maroon base, extending the company's layouts of polyolefins and pc resins downstream.
The company spends $1.7 billion on R & D, continuing high investment in R & D, quality upgrading and process optimization of existing products, while continuing extension in fine product areas, thus leveraging the end-product extension of new materials for high-tech value-added and resistance to cycles based on increased development space
Companies have both cost and size advantages in the polyurethane industry; petrochemical projects are expected to contribute to medium-term performance growth; end fine products are expected to contribute to long-term growth. In the short term, they are affected by an epidemic, both within and outside the country, which affects the downside risk of demand for products; new projects are not as expected; and raw material prices are at risk.
The company has greater control over mdi as a whole, and it has greater control over mdi from the domestic supply side. At present, Manhua has 1.1 million tons of production capacity on the smoke station, Ningbo 1.2 million tons of capacity, and in Ningbo 300,000 tons of expansion plan in the future.
At the firm ' s technical capacity, the lowest costs are achieved across the industry, and the rates of start-up and output can be adjusted according to market supply and demand to achieve a balance between profit and output; the 50,000 tonnes of the original Koth initiative expansion in 2020 have now been extended to 2021: Chongqing Basfmdi ' s capacity is mainly reflected in an increase in load rates, mainly nitrate,
Products such as chemicals are slowly matched and bottlenecks removed, before starting at about 40 per cent and now at about 70 per cent. In addition, Manhua Chemistry and Fujian have a joint venture with Wanhua Fujian, which will be planned for the mdi sector in the future and which, in terms of volume, has a strong supply of mdi.
▪ Globally, major mdi companies such as Bastov, Kostov, Sankoh, etc., have expansion plans for the next five years, and these manufacturers are looking at the mdi area, believing that the mdi demand will continue to grow as global economic growth, new applications are developed. They want to maintain their share through expansion.
From the point of view of domestic demand, aggregate mdi and pure mdi downstream demand patterns are generally stable. In 2019, domestic aggregate mdi demand increased by about 1.17 million tons, a slight increase over the same period. The largest downstream applications in China ' s polymer mdi are refrigerators and freezers, as China is the global manufacturing centre for refrigerator home appliances.
Electricity exports are relatively high, with a slight increase in demand for polymer mdi in 2019; the second largest area of use is in the automotive industry, where demand fell in 2019; and the second is in the areas of adhesives and sealants, as well as freezers.
In 2019, China’s net mdi demand fell by 693,000 tons, a slight decline over the same period. In the downstream of the industry, the production of artificial annual resins, soles and soles declined, while the production of ammonia and tpu increased.
The world as a whole, the first major application area of mdi downstream is architecture, followed by domestic electricity, which is once again glue and sealing glue, and finally, plate spray, cold chain, etc. The year 2020 is expected to be under mdi demand due to the weakness of global automobile sales.
Decline; white power will grow robustly; construction industry will grow steadily; glue will grow fast, but the base is small. We believe that 2020 will be affected by the epidemic, and the demand for mdi is expected to decline.
▪ In 2019, the company ' s petrochemical business earned RMB 20.1 billion, a decline of 3.21 per cent in the same year, and its Maori rate of 11.15 per cent, an increase of 0.88 per cent over the previous year. Overall, the company ' s petrochemical line maintained a high production load, increased production by 11 per cent, reducing the fixed cost of a company ' s single ton of products in 2019.
The depreciation of the product is approximately $563 (in terms of output), down by almost 20% from the same year in 2018, further optimizing the cost of the product.
The 1.2 million cubic-cubic lpg Hole has been able to continuously increase the volume of lpg trade on the basis of low-cost storage of raw materials. By the fourth quarter of 2019, the volume of company lpg trade had continued to increase, and the current level of lpg trade was about 1.2 million tons up and down in a single quarter, laying the foundation for companies to make purchases of raw materials for the ethylene project.
The company’s bargaining power over raw materials purchases is thus constantly increasing, leading to a further reduction in the cost of raw materials. With the gradual construction of the company’s 2nd round of approximately 1.2 million cubic caves, the company will further expand its trade and consolidate its base from the source side.
▪ The price of crude oil fluctuates sharply or will affect the profitability of petrochemical operations in the short term. Since 2020, global crude oil prices have been on a downward trend as a whole, but since March, crude oil prices have fallen sharply, driving down prices for most petrochemical products, taking into account that company lpg purchases mainly propane/butanecp
Prices are price-driven and monthly price adjustments have resulted in timely changes in raw material prices in the procurement of raw materials, thus short-term effects on a monthly cycle during a sharp drop in crude oil prices or profit margins for petrochemical products that will affect lpg as feedstock; but with relative stability in oil prices,
The lpg price will be stabilized, the company's profit margin for petrochemical products will be quickly restored, and if in the future the price of crude oil is gradually repaired, the company will fully capture the increase in profit space due to the lpg time lag in pricing.
▪ The launch of the Ethylene 2020 project will continue to expand the company ' s petrochemical business, leading to further improvements in performance. Through the introduction of the Ethylene project, the company will gradually improve the company ' s c2, c3 and c4 industrial chain, absorb the by-product hydrochloric acid of the existing polyurethane industrial chain and reduce by-product production while achieving capacity-building
The cost of handling the goods, while ensuring the smooth operation of the existing production lines, is expected to be operational in the second half of 2020, with the company ' s ethylene project expected to contribute to performance in the fourth quarter, leading to further firm performance in terms of 3 and high levels of R & D inputs and continued fine-tuning of the chemical panels.
The company's global research and development headquarters in Magnetic Mountain was launched in 2019, combining research and development with industrial production depth, while 250,000 tons/year high performance-modified resin spends 1.7 billion yuan annually on research and development, continuing its high investment in research and development and quality of existing products.
Upgrades and process optimizations, while continuing to be extended in the area of fine products, thus offsetting the risk of significant swing cycles based on higher development space, with the end-product extension of the new material in exchange for higher value added at a high technological level.
In 2019, the company achieved a relatively stable level of profit of $7.087 billion in operating income in the area of refined products, while production of the sap, pc, which is produced year after year, rose gradually, pmma came into production in 2019, started work loads remained low and is expected to rise gradually in 2020.
In the short term, the company’s polyurethane business is under short pressure, but it has a long-term development basis.
▪ Intra- and off-sea epidemics affect the downstream demand for polyurethane and drive down the price of products; new projects do not invest up-to-date risks; raw material price volatility risks; and related report rating ratio analysis in the market.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment