According to Reuters, many eda software providers, including the three companies listed above, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, and Siemens eda, received letters on 23 May requesting them to suspend deliveries to Chinese customers and to continue to do so in the future.
China’s exports of related software require new licences, and some of the licences that have been issued will be withdrawn. The global eda market is monopolized by the three giants nuance, Quest, and Siemens eda, according to Trendforce data, 2024, nuance, Quixen Electronics, and Siemens eda.
They account for 32%, 29%, and 13% of the global market share of the eda market, respectively, with a combined high market share of 74%; in China, these three major producers account for more than 80% of the market share. According to China's semiconductor industry associations, China's eda market is expected to reach 18,490 million yuan in 2025, making up the full market.
18.1% of the world market is bound to speed up self-innovation in the national industry. Through more than a decade of re-innovation, companies have continued to enrich and refine the full-flow design system for analogue circuit design, the system for storage circuit design, the entire flow-inda tool system for storage circuit design, and the design of radio frequency circuits.
Solutions such as the full floweda tool system, the digital circuit design eda tool, the flatboard display full circuit design processeda tool system, the crystal circle manufacturing eda tool, the advanced encapsulation design eda tool and the 3dic design eda tool, and continued market breakthroughs to accelerate national production eda substitution
The company intends to purchase core and semiconductor technology from 35 shareholders, including Shanghai Cheuk and Information Consulting Limited, by issuing shares and paying cash.
China Electronics Ltd. (Shanghai) Ltd. shares 100%, and simultaneously issues equity packages to China Electronic Information Industries Group, China Electric Investment and Holdings Ltd.
The industry is shifting from focusing solely on the chip itself to optimizing the synergy between the system and manufacturing. The three major international eda giants are accelerating the transition to the system level through strategic acquisitions, and the new technologies announced last year that they would buy anths at a price of $35 billion.
Through M&As, the growth of the company is increased, and the company plans to acquire cores and semiconductors. The cores and semiconductors are capable of cores in the fields of electromagnetic field simulation, field collusive simulation, electric heat stress multiphysical field simulation, signal integrity, power integrity analysis and system-level validation.
Through this acquisition, multiple key core tools can be filled with complete solutions ranging from chip to system level, such as a complete 3dic solution.
At the same time, it can expand the size of the market to reach, expand the client base and improve business performance. Risks of technological innovation, product upgrading, loss or shortage of skilled personnel, risks of changes in industrial policies, market competition risks, friction risks in international trade, overseas operations.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.