For the first time in the country, semiconductor-cleaning equipment has been covered by three major strategic military advances, the interstate semiconductor platform company, Shen Mei Shanghai (688082).
On 16 March 2022, the company was the leader of the domestic semiconductor cleaning equipment industry, and its size was growing rapidly and market space opened with the deployment of three strategies: technology differentiation, product platforming, and household globalization.
Driven by increased domestic semiconductor capital spending and the substitution of equipment for domestic production, companies will move into a rapid development phase, with the prospect of growing into internationalized semiconductor equipment platform companies. Beginning: Technology differentiation opens the market, with a national semiconductor cleaning facility.
The market for body cleaning equipment is highly concentrated, with dns, tel, and semes accounting for 90% of the world’s market share. Companies use differentiated competitive strategies to develop their own global mastery technology.
Good technology will enable the company to break into the well-known crystal-crystal production lines of Hercules, Yangtze Storage, Warnos Group, Nakaroo International, etc., and to achieve a breakthrough in replacing the national semiconductor cleaning equipment. In 2020, the global market for cleaning equipment was 4%, and the domestic market was only 20.3% lower than the dns, making it a national product.
As the chip process is reduced and the structure is complicated, the value of the device is increased, and companies have the potential to increase their income from the equipment. Growth: client globalization has produced remarkable results, and product platforms have opened up market space.
The spherical strategy has been successful. The company has maintained a platforming strategy, introduced new products on a continuous basis, and has gradually developed semiconductor cleaning equipment, semiconductor plating equipment, advanced encapsulation wetting equipment, and scalding tubes, which are ready for a platforming layout for the core products, which have been ordered by domestic and international customers.
The expansion of the line + the recognition of the technology by the client, the high growth in corporate-scale profits, 2017 - It is estimated that the current market size of the company ' s products is about $8 billion, with two new equipments expected to be introduced in 22 years, which will double the size of the service market. We believe that with the internationalization of customers and corporate products, it will be possible to double the size of the market.
Lines are getting rich, new products are being sold, and companies are expected to grow into internationalized semiconductors Markets: downstream capex increases + national production alternatives double-drivers, domestic semiconductor equipment meets development dividends. In recent years, new demand has emerged from downstream semiconductors, with semiconductor industries growing from 2000 to 2000.
Zhou Chunlin, with a combined growth rate of 10.8 per cent in the two decades of 2020, the semiconductor industry has gradually moved to mainland China, adding a global core deficit background, and global semiconductor manufacturers have been actively expanding.
The capital expenditure on the semiconductor sector will continue to increase by 23.7 per cent, while the semiconductor industry will rise to the national strategic level, and the import of domestic equipment will be replaced by the company as a platform.
Risks; technology upgrades are not as high as expected; international trade disputes exacerbate risks; controlling shareholders acmr are at risk of class action; acmr is included in the Foreign Companies Accountability Act of the United States.
The company has now become the leader of the domestic semiconductor cleaning equipment, with a global clean-up market of 4.0% in 2020.
With product platforming and client globalization advantages, the company’s future performance is expected to grow rapidly and become an international semiconductor, a platform-based equipment company. The market is currently the leader of a domestic semiconductor cleaning facility for companies, but we believe that the company is a semiconductor platform.
The market for services has expanded further to $8 billion by moving into advanced containment equipment, plating equipment, and scalding equipment, from wet equipment to drying equipment. From 2018 to 2021, company cleaning equipment collected increased from $50 million, and future company performance is expected to benefit from the release of product lines.
As a leader in the domestic cleaning of equipment industry, state-of-the-art encapsulation of wet equipment under the platform strategy, plating of equipment that is expected to meet the release of new company products, increased penetration of clean-up equipment and higher expectations of new customers will all become catalysts for the increase in public-sector equity prices.
Industry cycle fluctuations and downstream capital expenditures do not meet the expected risks; market competition increases the risks; technology upgrades do not add to the expected risks; international trade disputes exacerbate the risks; controlling shareholders acmr face the risk of class action; accr is at risk of being placed on the provisional list under the Foreign Companies Accountability Act by the United States Sec
Shanghai: Technology differentiation, product platforming, customer globalization, domestic semiconductor cleaning equipment taps to accelerate growth 1.1 National semiconductor cleaning equipment taps, technology differentiation to open up international markets
Focused on semiconductor equipment development, which became the leader of domestic cleaning equipment. Shenhua Shanghai was established in 2005 as a small number of manufacturers of semiconductor-specific equipment with a certain degree of international competitiveness. The main products include semiconductor cleaning equipment, semiconductor electroplating equipment, advanced wet containment equipment and stereotube equipment, and product coverage of the manufacturing of the front-track chips and back-tracking.
In this case, cleaning equipment is a corporate boxing product that can be applied to 28 nm and nodes in the field of crystal cleaning, successfully entering the Hercules, Yangtze Storage, China Rainbow Group, China Cholestery International, through self-researched and world-leading saps mosaic technology, time-sequencing stumps, tebo megasonic cleansing technology.
According to gartner 2020, the global market for cleaning equipment has risen to 4%, with the global market share of single, slot-based cleaning equipment reaching 5.2% as domestic semiconductors.
Differential programs open up domestic and international markets, and clients reach industry leaders. The company’s controlling shareholder, the United States accr, was established in 1998 to develop semiconductor-specific equipment, with major technology layouts including polyyangic copper plating techniques, non-responsible copper polishing (sfp) technologies.
Scrubbing is also in the area of washing equipment that belongs to the wet process, using a differentiated competitive strategy to select technologies that are different from mainstream cleaning techniques. The company ' s megasonic cleaning technology saps was successfully developed in 2008 and the saps cleaning equipment successfully entered the top ten semiconductor enterprises worldwide in 2009, the global repository leader, the Korea Hercules (no tin) opened.
In 2015, the company obtained saps orders from its leading domestic customers, such as the Yangtze Storage, China Harbour International, and the China Rainbow Group. In the advanced containment of wet equipment, plating equipment, non-responsible polishing equipment, Li
In the area of piped equipment, the company has also obtained client approval: orders for high-tech, high-end, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-level plating equipment and orders in 2018; and, by 2019, China Rainbow Group orders for copper interconnection plating equipment and long-tech orders for non-resilient polishing equipment.
Single, in 2020, the company's stand-up tubes took orders from the China Rainbow Group. Chart 2: The main customers in Shanghai, the United States, long power technology, micro, medium core long power, nepes.
Advanced encapsulation, semiconductor silicon chips made in Shanghai, Jin Rui-chung, Taiwan Crystal Technology, Taiwan Xingyang
1.2 The product layout continues to expand, and the platforming strategy continues to open the market space, starting with the wet process and gradually moving towards the platform. From the wet process, the company developed wet process equipment, which is represented by cleaning equipment, first by encapsulating wet equipment, plating equipment, and started to develop dry equipment in 2018, and
In 2020, the launch of a stand-alone tube facility completed the transition from wet process equipment to dry process equipment, gradually moving towards a semiconductor equipment platform. According to company estimates, the market space for the company’s current product lines is about $8 billion.
It is expected that these two products will be available for client validation in 2022. Figure 3: Companies currently have a serviceable market size of $8 billion, and product lines are abundant, covering areas such as crystallized manufacturing and advanced sealing.
The most value-added and complex processes are made of integrated circuits, and the equipment used in the integrated circuit area can normally be divided into the two main categories of pre-channel process equipment (crystal circle manufacturing) and back-channel process equipment (encapsulation testing). Through continuous R & D inputs and long-term technological and process accumulation, companies expand product lines from the field of crystal circle manufacturing to the field of advanced containment.
The company has three product lines, including semiconductor cleaning equipment, advanced encapsulating wet equipment, semiconductor plating equipment and semiconductor plating equipment.
Tile pipe equipment, which accounted for 65.1 per cent, 13.4 per cent and 16.9 per cent of the company ' s revenues in 2021, respectively, semiconductor cleaning equipment: semiconductor cleaning equipment is the company ' s core product and consists mainly of single-swap cleaning equipment, slot cleaning equipment and single-shut cleaning equipment, of which single-swap cleaning equipment accounted for the cleaning facility camp in 2020.
A total of 87.7% of the proceeds were derived from single-discreet cleaning equipment, which relies mainly on two of the company's uniquely patented technologies — space transposition (saps) technology and time-sequencing (tebo) technology – to achieve a good cleaning of the plane and graphic crystal circle, 3d graphics and very small-sized hyperbolic structure of advanced technology nodes.
Into several domestic and international integrated circuit manufacturing enterprises, such as the Hercules, the China Rainbow Group, the Yangtze Storage, etc. Advanced encapsulation of wet equipment: mainly wet etching equipment, coating equipment, visual equipment, decoupling equipment, advanced cleaning equipment, and non-responsible polishing equipment.
Semiconductor plating equipment and tile tube equipment: 1) plating equipment: mainly front-line copper interconnection plating, ready for and advanced back-way containment plating equipment. Companies are one of the few companies in the world that currently own chip copper interconnection plating core patents for copper technology and are industrialised, and the front plating equipment can be used for 55/40/28 and 55/40/28 and 55/40/28.
In 2021, the equipment was ordered by the main integrated circuit manufacturer, Demo. The advanced plating equipment in the rear lane was ordered to repeat the order.) Sterilized tube equipment: the unit tube equipment developed by the Department was first concentrated in the lpcvd equipment and then developed into the oxidizer and diffusion furnaces.
Finally, the device was gradually introduced to the ald appliance. The tile pipe has been ordered by the China Rainbow Group.
Tahoe single slot combination cleaning equipment slot cleaning equipment saps north sound cleaning equipment
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something.
ultractebo should be used to remove microdefects without damage, efficient cleaning performance, sulfuric acid conservation, etc.
Small-sized, high-yielding capacity, plane and graphic crystals with advanced [pa] applications for advanced technology nodes of integrated circuits
The art and the more sophisticated high vertical-to-thirty structure are widely applied to advanced integrated circuit manufacturing, drying methods are applied to crystal-circle envelopes, which are designed to create a high-level, high- longitudinal-to-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty.
For crystal circle seals, for crystal circle seals, for crystal circle seals
Precision control etching, two-pronged, efficient cleaning.
For Bi-Damascus and foreground: for 55/40/28 and below lpcvd, oxidation, de-fire and ald applications
The key plating steps can also be applied to the deposition of the Damascus copper metal layer.
Fao-out, tsv and tmv process Tile tube equipment Product application logic chip 28nm and above
Applications to production lines 5 nm and above 1.3 focus on the global semiconductor equipment market, steadily driving the globalization of customers, maintaining a globalization strategy and actively expanding new customers, both within and outside the country.
Since late October 2021, the company has received new orders from a number of customers, both domestic and foreign, for cleaning equipment, decoupling equipment, copper-plating equipment. Gradual breakthroughs for new domestic and foreign customers have been successful in the globalization strategy.
The Division’s client base has been poorly expanded and new client outreach has been significant. 1.4 Equity structures, R & D teams are stable, R & D inputs are highly valued.
Caohuiwang holds 82.5% of the company’s equity through acmr and is the actual controlling person of the company. According to the company’s offer note, uiwang held 0.95% of the accra class and 67.17% of the b class by 30 June 2021, with a total of 44.59% voting rights.
The company has three fully-owned subsidiaries, Hong Kong Cui-chi, one of its fully-owned subsidiaries, Shen-mi, which is responsible for research and development, production and marketing of semi-conductor-specific equipment and the development and acquisition of semi-conductor equipment parts and components.
Purchases, wholly-owned subsidiaries two in Semeo California are mainly responsible for the purchase of parts and components of the company semiconductor equipment; subsidiaries in Yumeo Tin are responsible for post-sale services; subsidiaries in Shanghai are not yet operational and are planning to engage in the development, production and sale of semiconductor equipment.
The company’s founder, Wang Xiao, is a master’s degree in technicals and a doctorate from the Faculty of Fine Machines of the University of Qinghua and the University of Osaka, Japan. In 1998, acresearch was created in Silicon Valley, which invents local, multi-yangal copper-plating, non-resistible copper polishing techniques and processes.
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Semmy Semiconductor. Wang Jian, General Manager of the Company, was a master's degree in mechanics, computer science, successful in the development of non-responsible copper polishing and electrochemical copper plating technology, and was involved in over 100 patent applications for inventions, with responsibility for major scientific research projects. Chen Fungping, Deputy General Manager, was a master's degree in materials.
He participated in and succeeded in the development of advanced encapsulating wet equipment, saps unit cleaning equipment, tebo unit cleaning equipment, tahoe single cell cleaning equipment, fully automated slot cleaning equipment. The Vice-President of Electrical Engineering, Wang Joon, is a Master of Technology in Electrical and Communications Engineering and is responsible for the development of a number of major projects.
Figure 9: Some of the company's core technical staff Equipment-related patent applications for major special research and development projects in China on technology 02: “65-45nm copper interlocking non-responsible polishing equipment development”, “20-14nm copper interlocking copper plating equipment development and application” and strategic and emerging production in Shanghai
The development of the electrical control system of the major industrial project “Single-hull mix cleaner development and industrialization” maintains high R & D inputs, with emphasis on building research and development teams. The manufacture of semiconductor equipment is typical of high-precision equipment, and the production of products is more important than the technological sophistication of other equipment industries.
Since its establishment, the company has continued to develop and bring in professionals in the global industry, and after years of accumulation, the company has an international, specialized technology research and development team. At the same time, the company has formed a professional research and development team in Korea, relying on the Republic of Korea.
Technical talent in the field of mechanical and electronics has been supplemented by research and development teams in mainland China. As of 31 December 2021, the company had 391 technology R & D personnel, 163 more than at the end of 2020, with 44.99 per cent of R & D personnel, and a high proportion of R & D staff provided human security for the development of new products for the company.
Many of the company’s own core technologies remain at the forefront of international and domestic research and development. Through years of technology research and development, companies have mastered the core technologies in the areas of cleaning equipment, plating equipment and advanced containment equipment, and are constantly innovating the equipment process in terms of performance, productivity, improved client productivity and lower customer costs.
As of 31 December 2021, companies and holding subsidiaries had 347 patents, including 156 domestically authorized patents, 191 offshore authorized patents, and a total of 342 patents.
In December 2020, the company “saps (space transposition) megasonic cleaning technology” received a first prize for science and technology from Shanghai City.
Figure 11: Corporate ownership in the development of core technology 1.5 Revenue profits increase rapidly, firm performance is guaranteed by hand orders Widening product lines + customer recognition increases, company operating income keeps growing rapidly.
Arts accumulation, new product abundance and maturity enhancement, increased customer recognition, 2017-2021 Equipment and advanced encapsulation wet equipment; 2018, sale of the first front-track advanced encapsulation plating equipment; 2019, company successfully achieved slot cleaning equipment, single-hull combination cleaning equipment and forward copper interlocking plating equipment III
At present, front-stamping equipment, non-resilient polishing equipment, has been successfully developed and successfully entered into client certification. Companies are increasing the sale of mature products, single cleaning equipment, advanced encapsulation of wet equipment, and continue to do more.
In recent years, net corporate returns have grown rapidly, with net corporate returns growing faster than income gains in 2017, reflecting increased corporate profitability.
Figure 12: Corporate operating income and the same business lines continue to contribute to profits, with the share of semiconductor cleaning equipment decreasing from year to year. As companies move on to new products, they benefit from the semiconductor industry landscape and the development strategy of diversifying the structure of their products.
RMB 1,056 million, an increase of 29.34 per cent in the same year; other semiconductor equipment (plating, stand-up tubes, non-responsible scraping, etc.) revenue was $274 million, an increase of 35,244 per cent in the same year; advanced encapsulation wet equipment earned $218 million, a higher degree of customization of semiconductor-specific equipment, downstream customers ' specifications, product standards, technical parameters, etc.
The higher requirements, the higher technical, market and customer certification barriers, the characteristics of the product and industry determine the relatively high Māori ratio of the company. In 2018-2021, the Māori rate was (1) semiconductor cleaning equipment: in 2018-2021, the Māori rate was 44.50 per cent, and the Māori rate was 44.50 per cent, respectively, for semiconductor cleaning equipment.
45.34 per cent, 45.01 per cent and 44.31 per cent were relatively stable and high, mainly because: 1 semiconductor clean-up equipment was a mature product of the company and the Maori rate was relatively stable; 2 companies had higher customization of semiconductor cleaning equipment and therefore higher industrial barriers; 3 companies were the pioneers of semiconductor cleaning equipment in the country.
Industry, which has a strong competitive advantage in mainland China; 4 companies, semiconductor cleaning equipment, which has successfully entered and continues to be sold to the top 10 semiconductor companies worldwide, Hercules. (2) Semiconductor plating equipment: 2018-2020 (the Māori rate of semiconductor plating equipment not disclosed in 2021), half
In 12018, afterstood semiconductor plating equipment was in the early stages of the market, with a lower Māori rate; in 222019, the company achieved the sale of the first copper interconnection plating facility, which was higher than the advanced back-envelope plating system, leading to an increase in Māori rates; in 32020, the company sold its products mainly as an advanced back-envelope semiconductor plating facility.
This has reduced the overall Māori rate for plating equipment. There are more advanced packaging and washing equipment, which has a lower Māori rate for the product and lowers the overall Māori rate for advanced encapsulation and wet equipment.
The impact of higher transaction costs is mainly the result of a sharp decline in the exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi during the year, with higher exchange losses resulting from corporate sales resulting in higher financial costs in the year. We selected four comparable companies in the country, the North, the Middle and Micro-Credit Division, the pure technology, the core source, with an average of 29.5%, 31.7%, and the industry average for the first three quarters of 2018-2021.
Figure 19: Cost rates for the period of comparable companies in the domestic industry The company has sufficient orders in hand to guarantee its short-term performance. In 2021, there was a significant increase in corporate contract liabilities and inventory, due to an increase in the number of new contracts each year. The company’s inventory consisted mainly of raw materials, products in production, inventory and distribution.
The main reason for the significant increase in the company’s inventory is a significant increase in the distribution of goods. Head customers are stable, and concentration is decreasing.
In 2020, the top five clients of the company were the China Rainbow Group, Yangtze Storage, and the head clients continued to contribute to steady income while expanding their new clients, reducing the risk of dependence on head customers. We selected key financial data from the country’s leading semiconductor equipment companies.
The annual revenue of $1.01 billion is the fourth highest for comparable companies, with a 33.1% increase in the same year, and the sixth highest for comparable companies. The Māori rate is 43.8% for companies in 2020, the first of the forward equipment companies, with a net interest rate of 19.5%, and the second second of the forward equipment companies.
Semiconductor equipment industry: Industry has a high climate, semiconductor national production opportunities, and 2.1 The global semiconductor industry market is large, with the industry moving gradually to China. Informationization drives the global semiconductor industry up, estimated to be $601.5 billion in 2022.
Global income from the semiconductor industry has continued to rise, driven by strong demand for new applications such as web, artificial intelligence, car electronics, smartphones, smart wear, cloud computing, big data, and security electronics. Since 2020, the epidemic has driven demand for home-based office equipment, while artificial intelligence, 5g product overlaps, and the development of new energy vehicles.
According to wsts, the global semiconductor industry grew from 2044.0 in 2000 to 24: Global semiconductor sales (US$ billion) and by comparison, Figure 25: Computer, telecommunications, consumer electronic demand over 75%.
Looking at the evolution of the global semiconductor industry, it has experienced several shifts from the United States to Japan, to South Korea, to Taiwan, and to mainland China. China’s continent is now engaged in the rapid rise of new generations of smartphones, material networking, artificial intelligence, and 5g communications.
One of the major semiconductor applications and consumer markets. The next few years will be a rapid development in the semiconductor industry on mainland China.
In the high industry, sales of semiconductor equipment have increased rapidly worldwide. Semi expects sales of semiconductor equipment to reach $10,279 billion in 2021, an increase of 44.7 per cent compared to the previous year, breaking the 100 billion mark; global semiconductor facilities are expected to reach $11,434 billion in market size in 2022.
$88.01 billion, an increase of 43.8 per cent over the same period, and $6.99 billion in sales of encapsulation equipment, a significant increase of 81.6 per cent over the same period, and detection facilities Figure 28: Semi ' s projected share of equipment in 2021 Figure 27: Global semiconductor equipment segment sales ($ billion)
Industry capital spending is expected to continue to increase in 22 years, with 29 crystal-crystal plants projected to be built around the world in the last two years. According to the icinsights, global semiconductor sector capital expenditure was $153.9 billion in 2021, an increase of 36.1 per cent compared to the previous year, and semiconductor sector capital expenditure is expected to rise to an all-time high of $19.4 billion in 2022, an increase of 23.7 per cent since 2020.
According to the proposed crystal circle, Semi predicts that 29 semiconductor plants will be built around the world in the coming year and this year. In terms of geographical distribution, China is in the lead: China’s mainland and Taiwan will build eight new crystal circle plants each; the Americas region will build six new, Europe and the Middle East three, and Japan and South Korea two each.
The projected expenditure on equipment in 29 crystal-crystal plants is expected to exceed $140 billion. The demand in the semiconductor equipment industry continues to improve, benefiting from increased capital spending in the industry.
China became the largest semiconductor equipment market in the world, with a 26% share in 2020. As international production continued to shift to our mainland region, some of the major international plants continued to invest in construction plants in our mainland region, while, under the guidance of the Government and the capital market, the development of integrated circuit production lines on our mainland grew in enthusiasm and demand for semiconductor equipment was enormous.
From 2016 to 2020, the size of the semiconductor equipment market on our continent grew from $6.45 billion to $18.730 billion, with a 30.5 per cent annual compound growth rate. In 2020, China’s mainland semiconductor equipment sales accounted for 26 per cent of the world’s total, and Taiwan, China, became the world’s largest semiconductor.
Figure 31: Sales and growth rates of semiconductor-specific equipment in mainland China
Global semiconductor equipment sales in 2020 amounted to $71.18 billion, of which semiconductor equipment sales in mainland China amounted to $18.3 billion. According to data from the China Electronic Specialized Equipment Industry Association, sales of semiconductor equipment (including integrated circuit equipment, solar cell equipment, led equipment, splitware equipment and others) generated $24.29 billion in 2020.
On the basis of this same increase of 41.8 per cent, Chinese semiconductor equipment accounted for 4.9 per cent of the global semiconductor equipment market in 2020 and 18.8 per cent of the mainland Chinese market, with film sedimentation equipment, light etching equipment, and corrosion equipment as key processors. Technology is more difficult and investment is greater with domestic crystals.
In the area of corrosion equipment, thermal treatment equipment, cleaning equipment, the national production rate is about 20%, mainly on behalf of Sino-Mimi Corporation, Sino-China, Qing Tang Half-conductor, and Sumi-Shanghai; and in the area of pvd equipment, the national production rate is 10%, mainly on behalf of the North.
China’s invention; cmp’s national production rate is 10%, representing the company’s main producer, Hua Haichinko. The current rate of national production of integrated circuit equipment is still low, and there is a wide range of national alternative spaces.
3.1 Nationally produced cleaning equipment lead sheep and global leader in the technology of megasonic cleansing 3.1.1 clean-up is an important part of chip manufacturing, with a reduction in process and structural complexity leading to an increase in the value of the cleaning equipment. Clean-up is one of the major factors affecting the production, quality and reliability of chips. Semiconductor cleaning is a chip manufacturing component.
An important part of the process is used to remove impurities that may exist in semiconductor silicon manufacturing, crystal round manufacturing and encapsulation tests, and to avoid impurities affecting chip wellness and chip performance. As the advanced process of chip manufacturing continues to improve, the quality requirements for cleaning are constantly increasing.
Silicon silica, which ensures surface flatness and performance and improves good quality rates; (2) in crystal circle manufacture, the critical stages of light etching, etching, deposition, etc. require cleaning, removal of chemical impurities on crystal circle and reduction of defect rates; and (3) sealing, where root, is used for tsv cleaning, ubm/rdl cleaning according to the encapsulation process.
Chart 35: Both the front and the back lanes of chip manufacture involve cleaning steps The advanced process leads to an increase in cleaning steps and the value of cleaning equipment is about 6%. As process propulsion and chip complexity increase, the chips become more sensitive to impurities, and small impurities also affect chip efficiency.
The number of steps amounts to more than 30% of all chip manufacturing processes, the largest of the chip manufacturing processes, and the cleaning steps will increase as the technology nodes move forward. According to company certificates, 90 nm requires about 90 cleaning steps and 20 nm takes about 215.
In the future, investments in cleaning equipment under the same capacity may increase as the process shrinks. Figure 36: Purge steps increase with nodes
With the development of the microchip from 2d to 3d, it is expected that the cleaning equipment will continue to be valued. As the chip is refined and integrated, the semiconductor device structure becomes more complex and the technical requirements for cleaning will increase. For example, storage
When the process size reaches 14nm, the current flash storage technology will reach the size limit, and the memory technology will move from 2D to 3D to the 3d age.
By increasing the number of cubic layers to solve the problem of microfiche processes on the plane, the stacking layer has also evolved from 32 to 64 layers to 128 layers. The chip 3dization requires clean-up equipment on the basis of clean-up of crystalline surfaces, without damage to internal contaminants, which imposes higher technical requirements on cleaning equipment, leading to an increase in the value of clean-up equipment.
Figure 38: 2dnand and 3dnand structural maps The advances in the chip process and the complexity of the chip structure have led to a continuous increase in the value of cleaning equipment. According to the gartner data, the global market for cleaning equipment was 3,341 million dollars in 2020, with the global semiconductor industry going up.
Market size is expected to rise to $4,324 million in 2022.
In 2020, Japan’s dns, Tel’s global cleaning facilities accounted for 45.1%, 25.3%, Korea’s Semes and the United States of America for 14.8%, 12.5%, and Semmy and other companies, respectively.
In 2019, the city of dns accounted for 48.0 per cent of tenders for semiconductor cleaning equipment in the domestic market, and the city of Semper was ranked second in 20.5 per cent, while the northern city of Sengmi accounted for 1.0 per cent and 0.5 per cent of tenders for semiconductor cleaning equipment, respectively.
Wet cleaning is a mainstream technological route, accounting for more than 90% of the chip-making process. Depending on the medium-cleaning, common cleaning techniques are divided into wet-cleaning and dry-cleaning. Wet-cleaning is tailored to different process needs, using specific chemical fluids and deions, and cleans the crystalline surface without damage to remove the crystal-crystal manufacturing process.
Other substances such as particulates, natural oxides, organic matter, metal contamination, sacrificial layer, polish residues, etc., can be used simultaneously with assistive technology such as ultrasound, heating, vacuum; dry cleaning refers to cleaning techniques that do not use chemical solvents, including, inter alia, plasma cleaning, supercritical gas phase cleaning, beam flow cleaning, etc.
The hydroxyfluoric acid etching of a structured crystalline circle of silicon dioxide, which is irregularly distributed, although with a high selection of different membranes, figure 42: Purge technology classification, unique sound wave cleaning technology, has successfully opened the market.
The manufacturer tried to do a megasonic cleansing, but because the megasonics could damage the key structure of the chip, the major manufacturers abandoned the layout of the technology. In order to open up the market in the global cleaning of equipment, the company insisted on developing a megasonic cleansing technology, which successfully solved the global challenge of evenly distributing acoustic energy on crystal circle and ensuring that the graphic structure was intact.
Successful entry into multiple domestic and foreign customer supply chains. Figure 43: Technical layout of major cleaning equipment companies
The technology of saps and tebo megasonics is leading the world, effectively increasing the productivity of the products. The technology of saps and tebos soundwashing, developed autonomously and under the protection of intellectual property rights worldwide, is technologically superior to the traditional single-speech washing and ultrasound cleaning. The technology of saps sound waves is technologically superior: 1) energy transfer is evenly uniform.
By accurately matching the velocity of the crystal circle, the thickness of the liquid membrane, the position of the megasonic generator, transposition and energy key process parameters, the megasonic energy is evenly distributed on the crystal surface, reducing damage and increasing the cleaning effect.
The surface fluid movement cannot affect the inner depth of the deep hole. And, with a megasonic effect, the boundary thickness of the crystalline surface becomes very thin, so the fluids can flow and the air cave tremors into the inner depth of the deep hole, accelerating the exchange of cleaning chemical components and increasing the efficiency of cleaning. Tebo megasonic cleaning technological advantage: control of the bubble's stable shock does not implode.
Effectively improves the productivity of products. This can be used for graphic crystal circle cleaning of 28 nm and below, for finer products such as finfet, dram and emerging 3dnand with 3d structures, and for future new nano and quantum devices.
Traditional ultrasound cleansing nozzie electricolezo
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Fineparticle effectively removes less than 45nm of contamination with a pyrotechnic overture.
The cleaning product mix is expanding from 80% to 90%. The company is expanding the cleaning product class, from critical cleaning to subcritical cleaning, and the current cleaning product consists of single pieces, slots, scrubbering equipment, which can be covered.
More than 80 per cent of the cleaning process is covered, and coverage is expected to increase to 90 per cent by the end of this year.
The encapsulation industry is going through the traditional envelopes to the advanced envelopes. The semiconductor seals are the back of the chip manufacture, which means the external connection of the electrical lead foot on the crystal circle with a guidance line, and which is fixed, sealed, protected, and enhanced. The advanced envelopes refer to the more advanced forms and techniques of encapsulation at present.
There are two directions for development: one is to reduce the size of the encapsulation entity and reduce costs, such as wlp (crystal circle sealing); the other is to integrate multiple chips into the same encapsulation entity, to increase the degree of internal integration of the encapsulation, and the main forms of encapsulation include sip (system-level encapsulation) and 2.5d/3d encapsulation.
Figure 46: Main trends in semiconductors’ advanced encapsulation, which benefits from the expansion of downstream product markets, is growing faster than traditional encapsulation markets. In the context of growing demand for products such as consumer electronics, material networking, and 5g communications, the demand for semiconductors’ advanced encapsulation markets is expected to materialize in the coming years
According to yole data, the global market for advanced envelopes is about $30 billion in 2020, and is projected to reach $47.5 billion in 2026. In terms of compound growth rates in 2020-2026, gartner data show a complex increase in the entire envelope market, with a projected global market demand for advanced envelope equipment of $2.3 billion in 2024.
Based on the front-end wet technology, the production line is expanded to a state-of-the-art encapsulation wet equipment. The company adheres to a differentiated competitive strategy, based on the front end wet cleaning technology, to extend product applications to the state-of-the-art containment area, with product coverage of the state-of-the-art encapsulation area as a whole.
The single wet equipment involved in the process includes cleaning equipment, coating equipment, visual equipment, decoupling equipment, wet etching equipment, non-repressive polishing equipment, etc.
For advanced encapsulation, a single cavity is used for wet etching of the crystald surface, which is an inch and 8 inches of crystallized wet.
All the liquids of the complete process, pure water and the gas used for drying wet etching silicon etching and ubm copper,
The tubeways are integrated into a cavity with small equipment, chemicals titanium, nickel, tin, metal such as gold and pure water consumption and high process elasticity.
Wet etching process. A single cavity is used to rotate the crystald surfaces, and the subsequent baking and cooling process is completed on the heat board and the cooling board; the first cavity is used.
The 12-dollar self-cleaning function, which can be used for advanced encapsulation, replaces the traditional manual disassembly of the cavity inches and 8-inch crystal circle.
The way the room works, avoids the damage done by artificially and frequently disassembly sophisticated coating machines to glue and thin glue coating machines, and at the same time significantly improves the efficiency of cleaning.
The cost of maintenance of the platform was reduced and its useful life increased. A single cavity was used to spray the crystal-crystal surface with a visualization of the 12-E in the advanced envelope.
Liquid crystal circle washes and drys. The device uses a visual combination of spray inch and 8 inch crystal circle (jet) and puddle.
The device integrates the chute deglute with the single, soaks the soaking process, which can be used for advanced encapsulation of 12 Eels, completes in the chutes, softens and removes most of the thick glues, subsequent disabling.
The removal of degenerative glue in inches and 8 inches of crystal circle, the removal of contaminants and particles, is done through a single piece of glue, which compensates for the insufficiency of a single piece of equipment.
Use a single cavity, spray chemical fluids on the back of the crystal circle or go to an advanced 12-e-envelope envelope that can be used for advanced encapsulation.
The ion water is washed, supported by a physical brush that brushes the crystal circle in inches and 8 inches.
The stressless polishing technology (ultrasfp) is based on electrochemicals, which can be used for advanced encapsulation in 3d, integrating stressless polishing, chemical machinery grinding, and wetting.
Tsv, 2.5d silicon intermediate layers, etching processes can significantly reduce polish rdl, hdfan-out, etc. in advanced encapsulation applications.
Advanced encapsulation of wet equipment into multiple customer production lines and increasing sales. The company’s advanced encapsulation of wet equipment first entered long-electricity production lines in 2013 and then obtained the first order of long-electric technology in 2018.
In 2020, many semiconductors increased their investment in pre-encumbering equipment, and the company’s sales and revenues from advanced encapsulation of wet equipment increased significantly, in a context of tight chip demand and a severe lack of domestic chip production capacity.
Xiaocheng, Jiang Su-chul, I.D., China Rainbow Group, Long Electric Technology, Nepes, Wise Weiner, Ximensranc.
Deutsche semiconductor 3.3 plating equipment: Both front- and back-track equipment is sold in bulk, with product release time of 22 years. The purpose of plating is to connect parts into circuits. The conductivity of semiconductors is between the conductor and the non-conductor, and electricity is therefore electrical.
Fluid control. When a transistor is constructed based on crystal circle-based light etching, etching and sedimentation processes, it needs to be connected to the metal to deliver and receive electricity and signals. Semiconductor plating refers to the process of plating the conductor material (e.g. aluminium or copper) to the crystalline surface, where the wires made of the conductor material transmit the telecommunications to the chip.
Different parts form circuit-connected components called "interconnection." Interconnection is also used as a normal metal link between the device on the chip and the entire envelope. Copper plating is now dominant in the plating technology. The interconnection process is mainly based on aluminium and copper, which gradually replaces aluminium.
As semiconductor processes increase in density and the size of the device, the speed of the aluminium circuit connection and the properties of the electrical circuit are becoming less capable of meeting the requirements. Copper, with the advantages of lower resistance, better anti-power migration, higher integration density, and fewer process steps, is able to achieve faster device connection speed and smaller power, thereby gradually replacing it.
Aluminium is interconnected. Semiconductor plating is no longer limited to copper deposits, but also metals such as tin, tin, silver alloy, nickel, and gold, but the deposition of metal copper remains dominant. The market for electroplating equipment is largely foreign monopoly, with the global market for semiconductor plating in 2024 being about $500 million.
In the field of front plating equipment, the global market is dominated by Lam, a few companies around the world with core patents and industrialization of chip copper interconnectivity, copper plating technology. In the field of advanced back-stamping, the world’s leading equipment dealers include amat, lam, ebaracorformation in Japan, and asmpcitechnology in Singapore.
Figure 52: Global semiconductor plating market, 2018-2024 (millions of United States dollars) Figure 53: Chip manufacturing front-line copper interconnection plating process map Chart 54: Advanced envelope plating process map for back-chip manufacturing
In 2021, the company completed four semiconductor plating units (three ultraecmap plating units, one ultraecp3d plating equipment).
Validation and entry into mass production, applied to 28nm, 40nm, 55nm, 65nm technical nodes and Tsva:r = 10:10. In February 2022, the company released 13 purchase orders for copper plating in front of ultraecpmap and 8 ultraecpapap backways for the most advanced encapsulation of plating equipment. This is the first time that the company has obtained plating equipment.
Bulk orders attest to the advanced performance of the company’s copper interconnection equipment. The front copper interconnection electroplating equipment: the company independently developed the forward copper interconnection equipment ultraecpmap, which covers 28-14nm and the following technical nodes.
The method is to achieve a rapid millisecond shift between anodes, to complete empty cave filling on super thin seed crystals, and to achieve better sedimentation after empty cave filling by adjusting the current of different anodes.
Backway advanced encapsulation equipment: the company's differential development in the advanced semiconductor encapsulation field addressed control techniques in the diostatic electric field to better control the diaphragm thickness and homogeneity control of the crystal-circle or gap area and to achieve better internal control.
Equipping, achieving plating under high current density conditions, and meeting client requirements for the indicators of contour products. 2-m super fine rdl plating and plating of various metal layers, including copper, nickel, tin, silver and gold, can be achieved in the field of high-density plating.
The technique achieves better sealing effects to avoid plating fluid leaks and plating problems.
It can be used for logical circuits and storage point forward copper interlocking copper plating technology ultraecpmap, mainly for front line copper interconnection.
Two Damascuss in the storage circuits are used to sequester a layer of dense, poreless, seamless and electroplating copper processes on a crystal circle.
He's defective, evenly distributed copper, which can be used for advanced encapsulation and differential development of the need for advanced encapsulation plating.
Pillarbump, rdl,hd high current high plating application and modular design for advanced back lane sealing
fan-out and tsv, maintenance and control, reduction of equipment maintenance time and improvement of equipment Copper, nickel, tin, silver, gold, etc.
3.4 Tiler equipment: on the dry-law market, market space opens. Companies move from wet process equipment to dry-process equipment, and autonomously develop and develop tile-tube equipment.
Similarly, it can be divided broadly into diffusion equipment, low-pressure chemical gas-phase sedimentation equipment (lpcvd) and atomic layer sedimentation (ald). The furnace equipment is constructed in a similar way, allowing for flexible oxidation, fire retirement, lpcvd, and ald functions depending on the process.
According to gartner, in 2024, the global stove market actively expanded the area of piped equipment applications, and client orders were obtained. In 2020, Shen Mei launched the first stand-up stove product) and delivered to one in early 20 years.
Important logical manufacturing customers, and a large-scale mass production test at the plant. At the same time, another mini-top, super-high vacuum, alloy-removement set-up device was delivered to a power device-making customer at the end of 2020, and the production capacity was certified. In March 2021, Shenxia expanded the stand-up product to a non-complex multi-crystal silicon.
Sediment, mixed multi-crystal silicon sediments, raster polar oxide deposits, high-temperature oxidation and high-temperature decomposition, with multiple acquisitions
The batch processing crystal circle process can be conducted, with low-pressure chemical phase deposition (lpcvd) and alloys; (2) non-combined multi-crystal silicon deposition
There are now different types of non-metal membrane in crystals, vertical tubes, accumulated, mixed multi-crystal silicon deposits, fenced polar oxides.
Sediment processes on the round surface Sediment, high temperature oxidation and high temperature decomposition, the main products of the company are currently semiconductor cleaning equipment, advanced encapsulation wet equipment, and other semiconductor equipment (plating, plating, etc.).
Single cleaning equipment: The company has developed three pieces of equipment based on saps megasonic cleaning technology, time-sequencing stumps, tebo megasonic cleaning technology with global intellectual property rights, and the product has entered the customer line of the Yangjiange, Hercules, Waron Group, Middle Core International, etc.
Tebo can be applied to more sophisticated products with a 3d structure, such as finfet, dram and emerging 3dnand, as well as to future new nano and quantum devices, in the transfer of the device structure from 2d to 3d.
Slot cleaning equipment: The company ' s sink cleaning equipment product has entered the China Rainbow Group production line and, according to the company ' s public name, the company acquired 29 slot cleaning equipment bulk orders in February 22nd. As the client expands, sales of the slot cleaning equipment are expected to increase steadily.
(3) Single slot combination cleaning equipment: the tihoe washing equipment has entered the Chinese Rainbow Group production line. The washing effect and process suitability of the tihoe is comparable to that of the single cleaning equipment, while significantly reducing the amount of sulphuric acid used, reducing the volume and protecting the environment, and is expected to extend to less than 14 nm in the future. Let's assume that 2022-
2. Advanced encapsulation of wet equipment: advanced encapsulation covers all individual wet equipment in the advanced encapsulation field, including washing equipment, coating equipment, visual equipment, decoupling equipment, wet etching equipment, non-resilient polishing equipment, etc., and the equipment has been marketed by a number of enterprises, such as microelectric, medium core long power, HED semiconductor, etc., and the number of customers continues to grow.
3. Other semiconductor equipment: 1) semiconductor plating equipment: company plating equipment includes front-line copper interconnection copper plating equipment and back lane advanced encapsulation
The plating equipment, which has entered the China Rainbow Group, long power and technology production lines, and has received customer bulk orders. In February 2022, the company released 13 purchase orders for copper plating in front of the ultraecpmap and eight ultraecpas backtracks for state-of-the-art plating equipment, attesting to the company ' s copper interconnection equipment.
Based on this, we assume a sales income of $70.10.14.9 million for 2022-2024, and expect a gradual increase in sales of front-track equipment, leading to an increase in the Māori ratio, assumed to be 43%. 2) Tile pipe equipment: companies move from wet process equipment to dry process equipment with autonomous R&D.
In view of the fact that the pipe is already entering the line of production and the future expansion of production by future customers, we assume that the sales revenue for 2022-2024 is based on a cost assumption: we believe that there is a downward trend in sales costs, management costs and R&D costs under the scale effect.
We have selected four comparable companies for semiconductor industry equipment, including the North China Corporation, China Micro Corporation, China Peak Survey and Cyclops, using the ps valuation method. It was collected on 14 March 2022, with an average of 21.21 times the average price for industry in 2021, and a company's department, ps.10.79.
It is expected that advanced encapsulating wet equipment and plating equipment under the platform strategy will be released, with first-time coverage given to “enhancement” Figure 59: Comparable corporate valuation tables Industry cycle fluctuations and downstream capital expenditures below expected risk.
The key supporting industries of the chain of conductor industries are directly affected by chip manufacturing, the sealing industry, and the end-use market. If the future semiconductor industry goes down, the downstream crystal round manufacturing, the sealing firm’s reduced capital spending drops, and the purchase of semiconductor equipment has a negative impact on the company’s performance.
Global semiconductor-specific equipment markets are highly competitive, dominated by international giants, whose products compete directly with international giants. There is a gap between corporate products and international giants on the one hand, and applicable technology nodes, market rates, etc. on the other, if firms are unable to respond effectively to them.
As the chip process nodes shrink, so do the cleaning technology. If companies fail to maintain technological sophistication, it may lead to core technologies like saps, tebo, tahoe, and so on.
The semiconductor sector is a priority sector in China-US trade disputes. If China-US trade disputes intensify in the future, such as the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers by the United States and the Chinese governments, it may affect semiconductor industry production.
On October 8, 2020, Jcapitalresearchusa was an operating entity in the United States of America, with a core asset and full business in the United States of America.
At the end of December 2020, Jeffreykain filed a class action suit against acr in the United States on the basis of the Jcapital Study. The class action is still under way, and the final action may have an impact on the company.
On March 10, 2022, the U.S. Securities Supervisory Board (“US SEC”) issued a list of five companies listed in the U.S. on the basis of the HoldingForign Companies Act (“hfcaa”, the “Foreign Company Accountability Act”)
Acmr 22-24 years in the US provisional list.acr is listed because the auditing firm currently employed by acr is not an accounting supervisor for US public companies.
Accr is now actively looking for a solution that does not affect acr’s control over and actual production in Shanghai. If acr is unable to withdraw from the list by 2024, it may be exposed to the risk of the United States stock withdrawal.