Wet-Foot Head is back on, semiconductor equipment platform is up, and on 13st of 2022, the U.S.S. Shanghai: Nationally produced semiconductor cleaning equipment taps. Through differential development, the company washes wet.
\triangleright has made a breakthrough and has also made a difference in plating and coppering equipment. The company's harvest has increased rapidly by 58% in the last three years. With advanced self-research products, the company has established close partnerships with a large number of internationally recognized businesses.
For 21 years, companies such as the Rainbow Group, the Yangtze Storage Group, the Sek Hercules and the Yangtze Storage have been long-standing partners of companies.
The \triangleright equipment scene has been up for seven months in 2021, with the number of semiconductor equipment shipments in North America growing for seven months. 2020-22 billion dollars; the size of the semiconductor plating market is expected to increase from $400 million to $450 million; and advanced containment.
With the support of policies such as the "02 Specialized Fund" and the "Big Fund" , China has created a number of local suppliers to facilitate the process of domestication of equipment. As the semiconductor industry moves faster, technology is being upgraded, high capital costs from crystal-crystal plants are being promoted, and major domestic producers are providing supply chains to national production.
In 2018, the self-sufficiency rate of domestic semi-conductor equipment was about 13%, and in 2020, the rate of national production of some equipment was raised to 20% left, different layouts, and multi-species expansion. In the area of cleaning equipment, she was able to achieve technological differentiation: saps.
The \triangleright technique, coupled with functional water, ensures the evenness of the megasonic cleansing; the tebo technology, by effectively using the aerobic effect, protects the clean-up without damage; and the tahoe combination cleans combine effectiveness and efficiency.
With the approval of a large number of mainstream domestic and international semiconductor enterprises, and with the establishment of stable partnerships, good slogans, support company equipment, and a long accumulation of technology in such areas as copper-plating, copper-pumping, stubble stoves, and the introduction of ultra
Many high-performance equipment products, such as ecp-map. The company estimates that at present, beautiful products cover a total market of about $5 billion, including cleaning, copper plating, stoves, etc. The company will also continue to develop two new, full-scale front-track equipment that will increase the market for corporate product coverage from the current $5 billion to $10 billion, while the company will continue to develop two new front-track equipment that will increase the market for corporate product coverage from the current $5 billion to $10 billion.
For 20 years, the company has collected only RMB 1,007 million, with considerable scope for upgrading. The company is going to raise 1.98 billion yuan, actually $3.69 billion, to be invested in the Hong Kong R & D manufacturing center project, new R & D projects, and re-routing to support the expansion of the company’s long line.
Investment proposals: The company’s performance is expected to expand as the company further expands its scope of operations.
This is less than the average of comparable companies in the same industry. For the first time, it is covered, with a “recommended” rating.
It focuses on the design and development of semiconductor-specific equipment, the main products of which are semiconductor cleaning equipment, semiconductor plating equipment and advanced encapsulation wet equipment.
Unresponsible polishing technology and scalding tube technology, among others, companies offer global crystal-crystal manufacturing, advanced encapsulation and other customers custom-made equipment and process solutions that effectively improve the productivity of their customers, improve product productivity and reduce production costs. Companies are now working closely with multiple semiconductor industry chains.
Among them are the Yangtze storage, Shanghai Wally, Sek Hercules, Nakakchi International, Long Pocket storage, back-end containment plant customers, including long power technology, and access to micro-electrics. The company has further deepened its industrial chain upstream and downstream cooperation through its strategic investment in the central core of the international stock, via its 100 million dollars in the Qingjin Island cluster core star.
Twelve-inch crystal-crysted film-cleaning equipment was also successfully accepted by Xiamenthran. Since October 21, the Division has announced on several occasions that it has received orders for electroplating, cleaning, decoupling equipment from major semiconductor manufacturers around the world.
Front-endcustoms Hlme skhynix
{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00}
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm going to have to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it.
$24bProductionfaciliityinwuhan (1) ProductioncapabilityFor35,000wafersper expectedtospend $107binthecoming
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Packingtechnologyr&dservice 3dnandproducts (2) platforms (6)
acm2020revenue%: 37% (primarily acm20revenue%): 27% (primarily 3d foundry/logic)
acm202020reveue%: <10% (primarily globalcustomer; expouretothe nad)
Westerneuropeandasia tier2/tier3ic
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices.
#7global(7) and mainlandchina'slargestfoundry hanghousilananmicroectonicsand
Top3inchina(8) tier-onecustomsincludequalcomm. additionunnamedchina-based
Fastestgrowingosatproviderobally wildcomandtextexasinstrustments ordered 12-chambersaps-vtoolfor
I've got 32% year-over-yearrevenuegroveth (7).
All right, sixstrategiallylobfabsinchinaand china-basedicmanufacturerstos support sixproducefacililesservingmorethan
Westerneurope 5g, iot, ev, andalindustrysectors allofofthothothophteploglobalsemiconductor
Building $10bfabtoproduce14nm, 10nm rangeofofoulsincludingsaps, ecpmap, manufacturers (8)
And 7mchips (5) finance, andsemi-critical acm2020revenue %: 12%
In 1998, the founder, Wang, established the United States Semiconductor Equipment Company (acmr) in Silicon Valley, which started with the study of non-responsible copper scraping techniques. At the beginning of the century, the accr started selling its products and in 2005 established the United States Shanghai Assistance Mother Company to complete the sale of equipment in the Asia-Pacific region.
Starting in 2007, the main battleground of the United States turned to the home country and began to allow the United States to take over the core business of its parent company, which uses an independent R & D, operation, and marketing sector, and whose main direction is transformed into a semiconductor cleaner. At present, the United States company of the United States has become the backbone of the group, which is responsible for all design R & D and manufacturing, while the parent company is responsible only for assisting.
This time, the ipo was only on the market in Shanghai. Figure 2: The development of Shanghai in the United States, where different competition strategies focused on the technology of sound-wave cleansing, pre-empted a major breakthrough in the area of disaggregation.
The company successfully developed the world’s first mobile megasound cleaning technology (saps), the next year the Korea storage plant, Hercules, carried out product certification, and in 2011 the company’s saps cleaning equipment for the 12 inches 45m process first obtained a formal order for Hercules, and in 2013 it obtained multiple duplicate orders for Hercules.
With the rapid growth of semiconductor industries in mainland China and the rapidly growing demand for semiconductor equipment, the company managed to obtain orders from its leading customers after 2015, such as the Yangtze Storage, China Hari International, and the China Rainbow Group. In 2015, the company developed a new wave clean-up technology for electrical bubbles.
(tebo) It can be used not only to wash the finfet silicon tablets, but also to clean up critical processes such as dram and 3d flash to achieve 16 nm-19nm. In 2018, the company released ultra-ctahoe high-temperature sulphuric acid equipment, again extending the product series of its monocrystal circle cleaning equipment.
In addition, the company has made a number of significant advances in the field of advanced containment of wet equipment, electroplating equipment, and non-responsible polishing equipment. In the area of advanced containment of wet equipment, the company has accumulated technology over the years.
The field of plating equipment and non-responsible polishing is one of the early business directions of the company ' s development. After years of research and development and market promotion, the company acquired long-term electrical and technological orders in 2018 and 2019, respectively.
In addition, to further expand the market size of the subconductor equipment that can be covered, the company began the development of drying equipment in 2018, based on the wet process, and introduced stand-alone piped equipment in 2020, which has been sold to the Group and has further enriched the company’s product lines.
1.2 High income growth, high product class enrichment, benefits from corporate technological accumulation and higher market climate, and high corporate performance. Corporate subconscious research, semiconductor-specific equipment for more than 20 years, has broken through megasonic cleaning, unresponsible copper scraping, chemical machinery grinding, etc.
In recent years, emerging demand in downstream markets has emerged, the international semiconductor industry has shifted to China, capital spending on China’s crystal-crystal plants and seal plants has increased, and demand for semiconductor equipment has continued to grow.
The company's leading megasound technology and other processes have accumulated, and in recent years the company's products have gradually passed through the market's major customers, billions, 757 million yuan, and 1,007 million yuan, with annual compound growth of 58.27 per cent. The company's differentiated strategy was achieved in the first three quarters of the year, before major breakthroughs were made in the area of semiconductor cleaning equipment, and the product is now the product.
The company ' s revenue consists mainly of cleaning equipment as a percentage of the company ' s operating income from 2018 to 2020, which was successfully sold in 2019, as well as the production and sale of semiconductor plating equipment, advanced encapsulation wetting equipment and scalding pipe equipment.
In 2018, the company’s first back-office advanced containment semi-conductor plating equipment was successfully validated and sold by its customers. In 2020, sales of the company’s back-office advanced containment semiconductor plating equipment continued to increase. In recent years, sales of advanced cover wetting equipment have been stable, with 6 in 2018-20, 7 in 2018-20, and 20 in 2020 q2.
The delivery of the first front-track copper-plating equipment was completed.
The Māori rate for the company’s core business cleaning equipment has stabilized at around 45%, contributing to major competitiveness, and the Māori rate for the plating and preparation of the business has increased markedly. Cleaning equipment is the company’s main business, with the Māori rate stable at around 45%.
Physical plating is the company’s 18-year-old business, with a Māori rate of 2021h1 at 29.59%. Technological progress has led to a steady increase in the price of the company’s products. On a unit price basis, the unit price of the unit was steadily rising, with an average unit price of RMB 1,953.86 million in 2017, compared to 2019.
The annual sale of single-share cleaning equipment was dominated by eight cavity units, while in 2018 the 12 cavity single-polywashing equipment increased its overall unit price. With regard to semiconductor plating equipment, the company’s forward copper interconnection plating equipment is now being marketed, and the forward equipment is more technically difficult than the advanced backstacking semiconductor plating equipment.
Only a few enterprises have the capacity to produce and the market is less competitive, so their unit prices are higher. In the case of advanced storage of wet equipment, there have been fluctuations in recent years in unit prices between $4 million and $5 million, mainly in relation to new product promotion, product combinations, equipment configuration (including number of cavities, functional differences, customer customization requirements)
There's a difference. 1.3 Shares are highly concentrated, employee holdings are tied to the depth of corporate interests, and the chairman of the board of directors of the company's stock concentration and Dr. Cao Wang is the actual controller.
The actual controllers, currently holding US shares of accr.168,000 a and 1147,000 b, together holding US shares of no less than 35% of the vote and indirectly controlling US shares in Shanghai 91.67% of the shares through US accr. Wang is responsible for corporate corporate strategic planning as the president of the company.
For the rest of the shareholders, the share ratio is 1.22%; for the Shanghai Integrated Circuit, 1.18%; for the National Integrated Circuit Investment Fund, therefore, the “large fund” has an indirect share in Seonami; and for Pudong, 1.18%, the share ratio is in Shanghai.
In addition, the Tai Hu National Union and Zhang Jiangko are linked to the Jiangsu Investment Fund and the Pudong State Finance Committee, respectively. The share of workers is nearly a quarter, and the company works together.
In addition, there are 29 core staff members in Hengry, 24 of whom are in the holding platform at the same time. The number of planned employees is 25.14% of the total number of company employees.
The fact that a technician holds shares in a company is a good way to bind the interests of the core and the company, thereby stimulating the motivation of the employees of the public sector.
Companies maintain more than 13% of their R & D inputs over the years, guaranteeing rising R & D spending, laying the foundation for product competitiveness and company growth. The technological complexity of semiconductor-specific equipment and the stringent requirements of customers for the technical parameters of the equipment and the stability of its movement make the accumulation of high R & D inputs a product of innovation and company maintenance.
With billions of yuan, 141 million yuan, and 184 million yuan, corporate R & D investment is growing rapidly each year. The R & D cost rate is also maintained at the same level of homogeneity and competitiveness, laying the foundation for the growth of the company’s performance.
Focusing on the R & D capabilities of corporate teams, thanks to the firm’s hard-core technology R & D capabilities and its persistence for more than two decades, core technology R & D teams are stable and have the advantage of a stronger technology R & D team. The company’s core technology R & D team is centred on Dr. Wang, and most of the major core technicians have overseas learning or professional experience and are internationalized.
At the same time, the company has formed a professional research and development team in Korea, relying on Korea’s technical skills in mechanical and electronics, to complement the research and development teams in mainland China. The company has maintained a differentiated strategy, targeting sound wave technology, and safeguarding its technological superiority.
Since the establishment of the parent company in 1998, the company has been focusing on products and investing in new products. Since the start of its research and development (R & D) and production tasks in Shanghai, Semmi has developed many of the world’s leading technologies on its own.
Soundwashing solves the global challenge of not evenly distributed energy, not only improving the efficiency of cleaning, but also significantly reducing the probability of damage from crystal circle. With a number of autonomously developed technologies, companies have achieved a technological curve, supercarrying, which is now an important business in China’s semiconductor washing machine.
The company’s core technology, saps and tebo megasound cleaning, single-hull combination cleaning, advanced plating and non-responsible polishing, were both autonomously developed and built up global intellectual property protection. As of 30 June 2021, companies and holding companies had a monopoly.
There are 322 major patents granted, 152 in-country and 170 offshore, of which a total of 317 have been patented, with the title “Engineering equipment for advanced wet-technology processes in the Shanghai market integrated circuits”, and companies are “Research and development and application of copper plating equipment for 20-14nm” and “65-45nm”
The main subjects of China's “02-specific” major research projects, such as the copper interconnected non-resilient polishing equipment development and development. 1.5 The executive team is experienced, and the company's main management team consists mainly of Wang Yiu, Wang Kin brothers and other executives.
The chairman and chief executive officer of the group, who was also the actual controller in Shanghai, was a graduate from Qinghua University and subsequently a PhD in engineering from Osaka University. The chairman, Wang Xiao, was not only the company’s main decision maker, but also the core technical worker. Under his leadership, the company developed two important technologies, saps and tebo, and successfully solved the core.
Wang Jin, General Manager of Shanghai, was a technician at the West Lake television plant in Hangzhou from July 1986 to April 1987, and a technician at the Fuzi printing complex in Japan from April 1996 to December 1999.
Since then, he has led a team that has successfully developed non-resistible copper polishing and electrochemical copper plating technologies. He has been involved in over 100 patent applications for inventions and has been responsible for a number of major scientific and research projects.
Engineer, Deputy Manager, S.A.S.A., January 2010-December 2017. Executive Manager, Technology Manager, Technical Director, Senior Director General. January 2018-present Deputy Director General, Semmy Semiconductor, engaged in and successfully developed advanced encapsulating wet equipment, saps single-sample cleaning equipment,
Tebo single-swat cleaning equipment, tahoe single-shut combination cleaning equipment, complete automatic sink cleaning equipment, during which five academic papers were published ... participated in the patent application for more than 100 patents. Sothearacheav, a United States national, has no permanent residence in another country, has a bachelor's degree in electronics.
From March 2007 to December 2014, he was the manager and director-general of the manufacturing department of the United States semiconductor. From January 2015 to the present, he was the deputy director-general of the United States semiconductor.
The high capital cost of the 2.1 semiconductor equipment type of multi-crystal mill boosts the equipment demand. The pre- and post-conductor integrated circuit processes are complex and involve a variety of processes and equipment.
oxidation/dissemination, light etching, etching, ion injection, thin membrane growth, cleaning and polishing (clean&cmp), metalization (metalization) as the main steps in the production of the front-track process (crystal circle manufacturing), which corresponds to specialized equipment such as oxidation/dissemination equipment, optical equipment, etching equipment, cleaning equipment, ion injection equipment, etc.
Of these, optical, sediment and film deposition equipment account for the largest share of the equipment spent at the crystal mill, which can generally reach more than 50% of the total equipment expenditure. The back-channel process (envelopement test) can be broadly divided into back thinning, crystal cutting, stickers, threading, plasticization, electroplating, slicing.
The semiconductor equipment is the cornerstone of semiconductor manufacturing, and there is the term “a generation of equipment, a generation of process, a generation of product.” The semiconductor equipment is the backbone of the integrated circuit industrial chain, mainly for the production of integrated circuits.
There is a wide variety of equipment involved in the production of integrated circuits, and the equipment used in the integrated circuit area can normally be divided into two categories: front-track process equipment (crystal circle manufacturing equipment) and back-track process equipment (encapable testing equipment).
The global semiconductor market has been expanding since 2011. According to wsts, global semiconductor sales in 2021 are projected to be $849.452 billion, an increase of 24.15 per cent. The semiconductor manufacturing industry’s boom has led to crystallization.
The demand for encapsulation, in turn, has led to sustained orders from equipment manufacturers, leading to an increase in the size of the equipment market. According to Semi, global semiconductor equipment sales in 2020 amounted to $71.119 billion, an increase of 19 per cent over the same period.
With China’s transfer of semiconductor industries, the demand for semiconductor equipment will grow rapidly. As China’s transfer of international semiconductor industries accelerates, a large number of crystal mill projects land in China, bringing significant market demand for silicon.
According to the statistics of the International Semiconductor Association, 19 new high-performance crystal mills will be built around the world in 21 years, and 10 more will be built in 22 years. The capital costs associated with the large number of new crystal mill projects will allow China’s semiconductor equipment to grow rapidly.
The data show that China ' s importance in the international market has increased further, with China ' s global share of semiconductor equipment rising from 6.74 per cent in 2012 to 26.31 per cent in 2020.
American and Japanese enterprises have an absolute lead in the field of semiconductor equipment, and the volume of equipment shipments from both places shows that the current heat level in the equipment market is still at its highest level in history. Among the world’s semiconductor equipment enterprises, the top 10 are now American and Japanese, with the exception of Asml and Euroasm International in the Netherlands.
In the field of semiconductor equipment, the North American region and Japan also have the greatest impact on the entire market. Since November 2020, the volume of semiconductor equipment in North America and Japan has continued to grow, with many months of innovation and seven months of record-keeping in North America.
Figure 18: Changes in the monthly turnover of semiconductor equipment in North America and Japan (millions of United States dollars) 2.2 Clean-up of equipment market overseas monopolies, process advances driving up prices. 2.2.1 Clean-up: process advances driving clean-up equipment up prices, domestic enterprises recovering markets
(i) Purge is an important part of semiconductor production processes. Purge is an important part of semiconductor manufacturing. It is a key element in improving chip efficiency and product performance.
In addition, the encapsulation process also needs to clean off the surface of the chip that affects performance, otherwise it will affect the performance of the encapsulation product, so that if there is a problem with the cleaning equipment, the mass of the chip will decline in a straight line. During the single crystal silicone silicon manufacturing phase, the surface level and performance can be guaranteed by cleaning the silicon silicon silica after polishing;
During the manufacture of the crystal circle, key processes such as light etching, etching, sedimenting, etc., need to be cleaned before and after to remove the chemical impurities contaminated with the crystal circle and reduce the defects rate; during the containment phase, tsv, ubm/rdl, etc., need to be washed according to the encapsulation process.
(2) Wet cleaning is the dominant technology for semiconductor washing. By process, semiconductor washing can be divided into dry cleaning and wet cleaning, where wet is the dominant method. Dry cleaning refers to cleaning techniques that do not use chemical solvents, including plasma cleaning, overpassing, etc.
Gas phase cleaning, beam flow cleaning, etc.; wet process means a process of clean-up of crystal circle surfaces with specific chemical fluids and deions, to remove particles, natural oxides, metal pollution, sacrificial layers, polish residues, etc. from crystal circle manufacturing, which can be supplemented by ultrasound, heating, vacuum, etc.
Technical means to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of cleaning. Both types of cleaning are used in semiconductor manufacturing, but wet cleaning has the advantage of cleanness and smoothness on crystalline surfaces and is now the dominant method of cleaning, accounting for more than 90% of process cleaning steps.
Disaggregates the wet process, with semiconductor scrubbers mostly in single and multi-discreet forms, of which the single form is the main stream. Under the wet process route, the cleaning equipment is currently mainly single-swap cleaning equipment, slot cleaning equipment, and group cleaning equipment.
Controllable, clean-up of complex crystal-crystal structures works well; deficiencies are slow-cleaning and liquid-cleaning. Slot-cleaning equipment is the simultaneous cleansing of multiple crystals (100-200 pieces) in the same sink, with the advantage of cleaning efficiently and saving liquids; the disadvantage is the high risk of cross-contamination.
(Preparation) Combining a single-size with a slot-type washing device, first putting the crystal circle in a slot-type module and then, under conditions of maintaining the moist surface of the crystal-crystal surface, sending it through a mechanical arm to a single-sized module, combining the advantages of two types of washing equipment, the disadvantage being that it is more expensive to build. The difficulty of cleaning is due to the constant complexity of the chip's structure.
It's increasing, and it's becoming more important to clean, controlled and purified. One-size-fits-all washing equipment, with better manipulative and higher cleaning quality, is the dominant choice for wet cleaning, which is used in lower-tech stages; and the combination-cleaning equipment, which is the first technology in the United States, is now being promoted.
Ultrasound cleaning is a widespread method of cleaning in the semi-conductor industry. The main mechanism of ultrasound cleaning is the hypersonic aerobic effect, radiation pressure and acoustic ultrasonic cleansing are fast-cleaning, of high quality and free from the complex shape of the surface of the scrubber.
The main difficulty is the even transfer of energy and the efficient use of the aerobic effect. The megasonic cleansing is used mainly for the removal of particles on a more flat surface, which are usually attached to a viscous layer. The thicker the viscosity layer.
The more difficult it can be to remove particles. A megasonic wave can well transfer the energy of the acoustic waves to the crystald surface, which, through the energy of the sonic shock, softens the viscous layer and then removes the attached particles. But a megasonic wave, because of its high carrying capacity, can easily cause the air bubbles on the surface to cause an implosion, thereby damaging the structure of the crystald surface.
The ability to spread the energy evenly and to make effective use of the aerobic effect is a challenge. (3) Advances in chip technology have increased the demand for and value of the cleaning process. On the one hand, reduced chip production has led to a significant increase in the demand for cleaning.
L, the chip production process is becoming smaller and more sensitive to impurities, and the demand for cleaning processes is increasing. When the chip production process is below 20 nm, the process is cleaned once every two steps, and the second is more than 30% of the total number of process steps.
On the other hand, the complexity of the chip structure makes the cleaning process more difficult, and the volume of the cleaning equipment increases. Specifically, as the chip structure evolves from 2d to 3d, and the crystal surface of the finfet chip moves from flat to graphical structure, impurities of the granules increase, and requires that the cleaning process not be able to map the surface.
The structure causes damage. Higher process difficulties are also expected to push up the price of cleaning equipment. (4) The size of the cleaning facility industry is expected to pick up.
34.17 billion United States dollars, influenced by the downside of the global semiconductor industry in 2019 and 2020, will show an annual growth trend in the global semiconductor cleaning equipment market, which will reach $2.89 billion in 22 years and $3,193 million in 2024.
(5) The market for cleaning equipment is highly concentrated, home-grown equipment is rising, and the global market for cleaning equipment is now more concentrated and dominated by solar manufacturers. In 2020, the global market for semiconductor cleaning equipment was overwhelmingly dominated by solar producers, with 45% of the market share for Dean.
The top four firms account for more than 90% of the world’s total market. Substitution of national production is coming closer. According to the latest tender data from the international tender network, domestic semiconductor cleaners are involved.
In 2019, the share of the city in the bidding process was nearly 22 per cent, with the United States being the main substitute for national production, with around 20 per cent contributing. Figure 27: Competition patterns in the global cleaning of equipment markets in 2020
Figure 28: Bidding for semiconductor washing machines in the country in 2019. 2.2.2 Semiconductor plating: Technological breakthroughs are realized, gradually breaking the foreign monopoly. Semiconductor plating equipment is equipment that covers ion plating to the crystal-crystal surface to form circuit connections.
The manufacturing requires not only semiconductors, but also the laying of a foot, connecting the foot to form a circuit, or the forming of a metal film on the surface of the chip, as is the case with semiconductor plating equipment. Semiconductor plating has multiple ways of achieving it, but as technology progresses, it uses c-cmp (chemical machinery grinding)
The main plating process is the copper mosaic process in Damascus. The basic principles of the copper plating process in Damascus are first laid, then plating with a layer of conductive substances, and finally removing excess plating copper using chemical mechanical grinding. The semiconductor plating can be used in chip manufacturing (pre-process) and chip encapsulation (post) in semiconductor production processes.
The market for the plating of the front process is largely monopolized by the American company Lamresearch, and a small number of companies, such as Semami, have acquired the technology and are industrializing and recovering the domestic market.
In the field of plating equipment made in the pre-crystal circle, the global market is now largely dominated by pan-forest companies. Shenmi is one of the few companies in the global conglomerates that have a core patent on chip copper interconnection plating technology and are industrializing.
The U.S. has autonomously developed copper plating technology (ultraecp-map) for front-track copper plating (ultraecp-map) for 20-14nm and more advanced technology nodes, and has now obtained multiple orders. The market for back-track plating is controlled by giants such as the US, Japan, and domestic firms such as Sem Mae have acquired it through differentiated strategies.
In chip sealing, semiconductor plating equipment is used mainly for sedimentary gold, which is a thin film, while the three-dimensional silicon perforation, heavy clothing, and congee processes require the involvement of the metal thin film deposition process, which typically uses deposits of metals such as metal copper, nickel, tin, silver, gold, etc.
Major equipment dealers in the range include appliedmatures of the United States, Lam, ebara corporation of Japan and ampacictechnologymited in Singapore, and, according to gartner, $400 million in semiconductor plating market space in 2020, which will reach 2022.
To $450 million. With a differentiated development strategy, Shen Mei developed advanced back-stream encapsulation plating equipment, using new current control methods to solve the problem of smooth plating under larger plating fluid flows. With an original second-yang control technology, it is possible to achieve better membrane thickness at the process formulation level in the crystal-circle or gap area.
Equivalence controls have increased the rate of containment; sealing can be better ensured by autonomously developed sealed technologies to avoid leaks of electroplating fluids; high-speed power plating has been successfully achieved through autonomously developed vibrations and structural design. With the introduction of a series of original solutions, it is expected that foreign firms will break semiconductor power in the coming years.
2.2.3 Encapsulations: advanced envelopes continue to penetrate and the market expands. Advanced encapsulation wet equipment is used in the field of advanced encapsulations.
In part of the advanced encapsulation process, the back-and-back process is integrated, and special wet-method equipment is required.
A typical advanced envelope has a inverted grid array (fc-bga). This process needs to produce a grid array on the crystald surface, which is directly attached to the link position on the base plate. In addition, the advanced containment process has a reverse chip, a cover (fc), a fan-out, a crystal circle envelope (wlp), a system-grade envelope (sip) and a
Three-dimensional (3d) wrappings, etc. The wrapping process involves a combination of mills, slices, washes, stickers, welding, plastics, plating, tweaking, and so on. Advanced wrappings have a very large market and are expected to grow at 8.2% per year.
According to the survey, the size of the world ' s advanced envelope market was about 42.1 per cent in 2018 and the market share will reach 49.7 per cent by 2024, while gartner predicts that the size of the market for advanced encapsulation equipment will be restored to 2.3 countries in the coming years, and that the national production of semiconductor equipment will accelerate.
The market for semiconductor equipment is largely dominated by overseas leaders, but domestic equipment companies are catching up. According to data from the China Electricity Subspecialized Equipment Industry Association, China sold 10.9 billion yuan of semiconductor-specific equipment in 2018, when the overall self-sufficiency rate of all semiconductor equipment was only 13%, and there was an urgent need to replace it.
Industry is on the rise, and North China has achieved zero breakthroughs in corrosion equipment; Qing Tang has achieved a higher share of national production in the field of decoupling; and the technological breakthroughs in the wet-law of beautiful, pure, core-sourced enterprises have led to a significant increase in the manufacturing capacity of our wet-law equipment.
The rate of substitution of the main semiconductor equipment produced in the country rose rapidly after 2019, and the country’s main crystal mills began to focus on the development of the national supply chain.
In 2019, the success rate of the body equipment (various process and selected equipment, including light etching, etching, cleaning, heat treatment, measurements, cvd, pvd, cmp, etc.) became apparent, and after a global trade dispute, the main domestic crystal-crystal mills became increasingly focused on the nurturing of the national production supply chain, with a central rim boom.
As domestic manufacturers continue to favour domestic equipment, Chinese semiconductor equipment plants will come up with rare opportunities to replace national production. A large number of national production support policies have been introduced to guide the semiconductor equipment industry.
With regard to policies to support the semiconductor industry, particularly the semiconductor manufacturing industry, there is a long history of insufficient support for semiconductor equipment and insufficient technological accumulation in the country’s enterprises. As the semiconductor industry develops, the equipment sector is becoming increasingly short-lived, and the government is constantly introducing new policies to adapt to the new situation.
In order to encourage the development of industry health, new tax incentives, support policies, etc., have begun to cover the semiconductor area of equipment widely. The “02 special” and large funds have provided financial support. The country has focused on the development of the integrated circuit industry.
The National Medium- and Long-term Science and Technology Development Plan (2006-2020) was issued in 2006, which places the integrated circuit industry in the project "Technology and Packages for the Production of Large-scale Integrated Circuits " , which is the second of 16 industrial projects and is therefore referred to in the industry as "Special " 02.
Ten billion dollars have been earmarked by the State, and most of the entities involved in the study of the subject are highly skilled in the relevant fields. The first phase of the project, involving dozens of enterprises, has raised nearly 100 billion dollars in funds, and is directed towards integration. The second phase was set up on 22 October 2019, with a focus on support.
Semiconductor equipment and materials are tilted.3 Discrepancies in the layout, multi-species expansion 3.1 single-swap cleaning is a core business, and megasonic technology is innovative.
Semiconductor washing equipment is used to remove surface impurities from semiconductor manufacturing and containment steps.
With regard to cleaning equipment technology, the company's differential development of megasonic cleaning technology has enabled the company to achieve international leadership in the area of cleaning equipment. The megasonic technology is a technique that uses high-frequency megasonic crystalline surfaces to glue the decomposition layer to obtain better cleaning effects, which, because of their high frequency and energy, are vulnerable to harm during cleaning.
The crystal-crystal surfaces also tend to lead to a clean-up of the imbalanced surfaces. The company has developed a differentiated approach to the development of saps and tebo megasonic cleansing techniques, in which saps megasonic techniques have adopted fan-sonic generators that are well controlled by the even distribution of energy on the crystal-crystal surfaces and have achieved better cleaning effects; the company ' s tebo technology has achieved better cleaning effects.
Graphical crystal circle cleaning for less than 28nm allows a clean-up that can be used in multiple steps. According to an assessment by the National Innovation Center for Integrated Circuits and Shanghai Integrated Circuits Research and Development Centre Ltd., companies have achieved international leadership in core technology in this area. By 2021, companies had 13 in the area of cleaning.
Core technology patents, six of which are internationally advanced. These core technologies have been applied in corporate products and have become continuously competitive.
By accurately matching key process parameters, such as crystal rotation speed, liquid membrane thickness, mega-sonic generator location, transposition and energy, the saps washing device can well transfer energy to the crystalline surface evenly. In combination with megasonic technology, the company has introduced hydrogen-functional water processes.
And the company's saps products also have a certain advantage in the Tsv structure. The dominant technology in the Tsv structure is the bosch etching process, which is based on multiple etchings that create deep holes. But the bosch process can easily produce particle residues at the bottom of the deep hole, which may cause
The company’s saps products can use the powerful energy of the megasonics to form a blend in the deep hole, so that the particle residues attached to the bottom can be well removed. The company’s tebo technology can effectively control the crystal-crystal surface bubble structure and achieve 3d without damage.
Purges. As mentioned earlier, the powerful energy of megasonics may cause bubbles on the crystald surface to burst, thereby harming the crystald structure. And the company ' s tebo technology changes through a series of rapid pressure changes (with a frequency of one million times per second) that keep bubbles in size and shape at controlled temperatures, controlling bubbles in a stable concussion state.
Without implosion, so that the crystal-circle microstructure remains intact and the crystal-crystal graphic structure is cleaned without damage. The company ' s tebo cleaning equipment, in the technology transfer from 2d to 3d of the device structure, can be applied to more sophisticated products such as finfet, dram and the emerging 3dnand with a 3d structure, as well as new products for the future.
Nano and quantum devices, among others, play an increasingly important role in improving product productivity. The company’s first-ever Tahoe single-shelter combination cleaning facility combines well the advantages of a single-simple and slot-simple cleaning facility, which is expected to penetrate international markets in the future and extend its advantages to a higher level of production.
After entering the process nodes below 28 m, the use of sulphuric acid has increased significantly, placing a huge strain on waste acid treatment and environmental protection. Single-hull combination cleaning is the first semiconductor cleaning facility in the corporate world with autonomous intellectual property rights, which can significantly save the use of sulphuric acid and significantly reduce sulphuric acid waste while achieving efficient cleaning.
Liquid discharges are now sold to customers and can be applied to more than 20 steps of cleaning. For future technological developments in 14 mm and below, the tahoe single slot combination cleaning equipment extends the advantage of low sulphur acid use for sink cleaning to a higher level of process, while ensuring that the cleaning quality does not lose a single-size washing machine.
3.2 Differential development of equipment such as electroplating, advanced encapsulation wetting, and horizontal extension of space Semiconductor plating equipment is the equipment that plates metals on the surface of the plating material, divided mainly into front and backtrack equipment.
The copper interconnection technology of the next technology node, ultraecp-map, allows for a rapid arctic switch to ensure the evenness of the surface sedimentary copper membrane thickness. The company’s advanced back-sewing plating device uses a differentiated plating approach to solve the problem of smooth plating under the current fluid flow.
The field technology is good for controlling the homogeneity of crystal round edges and gaps; for high-density envelopes, which can achieve ultra fine metal plating, which can better achieve sealing effects and avoid leaks of plating fluids. Advanced encapsulation wet equipment means advanced encapsulation equipment and wet equipment associated with advanced encapsulation.
Similarly, the company has a very deep technological reserve in the field of unresponsible polishing and its own chemical machinery grinding.
In this case, the semiconductor brassing equipment in the advanced wet containment equipment has been first sold as a potential new business growth point for the company. The semiconductor scraping equipment is equipment that removes excess copper from the semiconductor surface.
It is divided into front-track and back-track equipment, which is preceded by copper-coated copper-cumping equipment. The equipment is based on the company’s first chemical machinery grinding (cmp) technique and is mainly directed at electroplating chips using the Damascus process.
Pressure, impregnable crystal circle, and the company's innovative introduction of the concept of sfp - first to polish most of the copper by mechanical means and then to remove the remaining copper from the surface by electrochemical reactions; this method is a good way to avoid possible mechanical damage and has been used in 12 inches of crystal circle by innovative design changes.
At present, according to the performance statement, the company is trying to reach out to two major customers in Taiwan and the United States. The back way is a state-of-the-art package of non-responsible copper-pumping equipment, which targets mainly 3dtsv, 2.5d silicon mid-levels.
In the fourth quarter of 2019, the company successfully completed the first tests to validate and sell the first copper removal device, which is expected to have great market potential in the future.
The company is a major subject of major Chinese “02-specific” scientific research projects, such as the “R & D of 20-14nm copper plating equipment” and “R & D of 65-45nm copper interlocking non-resilient polishing equipment”, which received government subsidies of 20,883.4 million yuan and 138.7 million yuan respectively in 19 years.
The company’s accumulation of unresponsible copper-pushing technologies, which then transfer technology to Semmi Shanghai, is very strong. As the moor’s laws slow down, we believe that copper-plowing equipment will become another potential business growth point for the company after cleaning and plating equipment.
3.3 High level of client recognition, stable up-and-down supply chain operations 3.3.1 Accumulation of technology with industry excellence High professional barriers in semiconductor areas of equipment and difficulties in certification, while a large part of the popular core technology
The firm's client approval. Semiconductor-specific equipment is highly exclusive, technically difficult, and difficult to verify, and often takes months or even years from the beginning of validation, adjustment to real order production. After more than a decade of technological accumulation, she has made breakthroughs in many areas, both in ownership and internationally.
Its self-developed core technologies, saps and tebo megasonic cleaning technology, copper interconnection plating, etc. In terms of matching with customer demand, Shen Mei has been supplying domestic giants like Yangjiang, Nakachi International, and Hua Hong Group for 15 years. In October 2021, the company announced that
Budi's 2000 cavity semiconductor wet system equipment was successfully delivered; a global lead in idm's new field wet method was announced in November to recoup orders; a single piece cleaning equipment order for major American semiconductor manufacturers was announced in December; international passengers were offered upstream by a large number of suppliers; there was no overdependence on some suppliers; and priority raw materials were announced.
Supply is effectively controlled. The concentration of the top five suppliers of the company has declined over the last three years by 32.00%, 28.77%, and 28.93%, respectively. Companies do not procure more from individual suppliers than 50% of their total purchases in the year or rely heavily on a small number of suppliers.
The arm is mainly supplied by ninebell. Shen Mai has taken effective control of the source of the raw materials of this type, and now the niebell has 20% of the shares of Shen Mae's company as long-term equity investment, further safeguarding the security of the company's supply chain.
In 2020, prices of major raw materials for the top five clients of the United States stabilized and declined, further reducing the cost of company management of the supply chain. Companies customize specific products according to demand, but because models differ, prices are not easy to compare.
Price indices have made it easier to compare price fluctuations in raw materials in recent years. Price fluctuations in major products have been small in recent years, and have tended to decline for the most part. Moreover, the group’s interest in suppliers such as ninebell has enabled the United States to obtain price preferences when buying robotic arms in Shanghai, thus further reducing the cost of purchasing.
The stock turnover rate is higher than the industry average, sending signs of a strong increase in commodity sales. In the last three years, the stock of the United States was $267 million, $311 million and $615 million, respectively, showing a rapid growth trend, but the company's stock was still growing.
The turnover rate is still high in the industry. We have selected four semiconductor equipment companies in China, China, China, China, China, and Hasegawa for comparison, with a stock turnover rate of 1.51 per cent in the United States for 2018-20, consisting of raw materials, products in stock, goods in hand, and goods in circulation.
In 20 years, it is about 40.20%, and it is growing rapidly. The goods are sent to the customers, but they cannot be recognized as income because the customers are testing them. This increase is indicative of a rapid increase in commodity ordering and certification, which indicates strong corporate sales.
3.4 Ongoing research and development efforts in the focus area, a flat-down structure to improve management advantage, a break-out in the focus of equipment in the 3.4.1 operational focus, and a sustained focus in the areas of country-specific support. Sustained investment in the focus area will underpin corporate leadership in the relevant areas, and enable companies to maintain their strengths.
The company continues to invest heavily in research and development. At present, it is developing more than a dozen major projects, amounting to 140 million yuan. The study focuses on two main areas of company advantage: cleaning technology, plating technology.
50,58% of total inputs; plating technology is growing rapidly, with 36,339.89 million yuan in 2020, compared to the previous year ' s special subsidy of 02, to help fight the priority areas. The company ' s semiconductor equipment is a China-focused industry that promotes rapid development, and direct government subsidies are increasing the size of the industry.
The company is deeply involved in the national research project (“02 special”) and the government's research programme is designed to facilitate the company's continuous struggle to achieve breakthroughs in the field of new technologies.
In addition to helping to connect Shanghai with the United States for sale, Shen Mei has no core business. In addition to Shanghai Sein-American, there are Hong Kong’s core business company, Qingxi, Sheng Mi-mei, and Hong Kong’s central business company.
In 2019, five companies were controlled in Shanghai, the United States, after the restructuring of the group structure, to help the United States to complete its operations in all regions of the world and to improve its efficiency. Hong Kong’s Quiker and its flag, the United States of Korea and the United States of America, were primarily responsible for the procurement of parts and components for export sales. Hong Kong’s Qing Cui.
Hanwool, now that the company has been disbanded, the team has joined the United States of America; with the talent of the Korean electronics industry, the United States of America also has a part of its development mission. The United States of America has taken over from the United States parent company to complete the procurement of raw materials in the United States region.
Production and marketing work is still under way. A clear division of labor among the companies under the flag of the United States, making full use of their respective strengths, can be matched by the operation of the Shanghai company, which is running a limited number of subsidiaries in a flat-down model, and the management costs of the company are far lower.
By comparison, we've selected four companies in the same industry, Sino-Mino, Kotsu and Hasegawa, with an average management cost of 11.84 per cent over 20 years, compared to a fine management cost of only 4.99 per cent, which is far below average. In terms of sales costs, the initial cost of sales was higher, but the initial cost of sales was higher.
With the rapid growth in performance, the sales cost rate has returned to normal levels in 18 years. Figure 45: Levels of industry management cost
The funds raised by the first publicly released stock will be invested in three projects, including the United States semiconductor equipment development and manufacturing centre, the United States semiconductor high-end semiconductor equipment research and development project, and supplementary liquidity, totalling $882 million, $450 million and $650 million, respectively, to be used for each project.
The project is to build a new semiconductor integrated circuit facility in the new area of Shanghai port, with the project being implemented by a fully owned subsidiary of the company, Shanghai. The project will be operational in 2023 and will be fully produced by the company.
This project is planned for the construction of two production plants, one auxiliary plant, two research and development buildings, and related support facilities such as a chemical depot. The project will be built in a heavily equipped industrial area with a total land area of 42,786.30 square metres.
4.2 The US semiconductor high-end semiconductor equipment development project is around the strategic objective of the company to join the first echelon of integrated international circuit equipment.
For more advanced process nodes, using existing R & D systems, semiconductor cleaning equipment, semiconductor plating equipment, advanced encapsulation wet equipment, upgrading of high-end process equipment such as non-resilient polishing equipment, sterilized pipe equipment and product extension, thereby expanding and building up the full range of product lines that combine wet and dry equipment.
By equipping companies with advanced equipment, introducing high-end talent, making full use of the productive capacity and technological resources of the integrated industrial chain, upgrading their autonomous innovation capabilities and R & D in the relevant fields, and consolidating their technological leadership, the company quickly became an integrated international integrated circuit equipment group.
The company intends to raise $1.8 billion to supplement liquidity on the basis of business performance and in the context of future strategic development goals. With the continued expansion of the company’s operations, the growing product lines and the increased investment in research and development, a certain liquidity gap is expected.
This additional liquidity will be used for the design and development of semiconductor-specific equipment in research and development teams, business outreach, and excellence in the design and development of semiconductor-specific equipment, major products such as semiconductor cleaning equipment, copper plating equipment, advanced encapsulating wet equipment, etc. The company has introduced more than 10 pieces of equipment, covering several parts of the semiconductor industry.
The company’s overall performance is currently in a state of collapse, with revenue, Maori, and net profits growing at a pace. The company’s competitive barriers are prominent, and the technology of differential competition strategies has succeeded in achieving a technical turn-over supercarry, which is now the leading Chinese business in the field of semiconductor cleaning machines.
Cleaning up equipment: Benefiting from the company’s years of technological accumulation, accompanied by the expansion of domestic crystal mills, is beginning to be phased out. We believe that companies’ products have a strong national production substitution capacity, so that the harvest will maintain a higher rate of growth.
Advanced encapsulation equipment: A certain national production replacement capacity is available, with a low early income base, in 2018-21 plating equipment: the current income is still small, but it has grown rapidly since 2021, and in 2021 it was announced to have received an international flagship client order.
In terms of the Māori rate, there was a certain decline in 2020, mainly due to other operations: 20 years ago, mainly spare parts, which were expected to expand the coverage of cvd, plastics, etc., with a flat rate of income growth. Based on the assumption of high income growth, future sales fees are projected.
Management cost rate: The efficiency of the corporate management system and the low management cost, with a slight increase in 2020, is expected mainly to result in higher corporate incomes, but also to increase inputs in parallel with the expansion of new business lines such as plating and cvd, which anticipates that companies will continue to maintain a 14 per cent R & D rate.
Financial costs: The company ' s interest-bearing liability for 20 years is mainly a short-term borrowing, taking into account interest interest earned on cash deposits financed by ipo to increase interest income, financial costs are calculated on the basis of three tabulations of statements, 2021 - because of the rapid growth in the size of the company ' s income, the psg valuation method is used to reflect the growth of the company.
The selection of the national semiconductor equipment company, Sino-Mino Corporation, and Mwan Enterprises, as comparable companies in the same industry, could be 28/20/15/12 times higher than the average of the company ' s perps in 2020-23.
Competing. As the company further expands its scope of operations, the company’s performance will be scaled up. Comparable averages with the industry. First-time coverage, “recommended” rating. 1) product certification is less than expected.
This will have a negative impact on the performance of the company. 2) Downstream industry cyclical fluctuations. Downstream crystal mill expansion boosts the landscape, and if downstream expansion slows down, it will have a negative impact on upstream company performance.
3. Increased competition in the market. The entry of other domestic equipment manufacturers into the company’s track will have a negative impact on the company’s performance. The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the independent and objective production of the report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.