China’s Siah, a well-growing and cost-controlled market leader, grew 3% of the net profit ring of the company in the second quarter of the year. Net profits increased under China’s accounting standards.
In the second half of the year, we predicted that the increase in electricity would slow down the negative impact of the weakening of coal operations. Given the 13.8% net asset return in 2017, the current rate of return is 13.8%.
Net profits increased by 143 to 26.3 billion yuan in the first half of the year under International Accounting Standards. The main reasons for the rise in coal prices and their strong performance were a 57 per cent increase in average coal prices and an 18 per cent increase in sales.
The profits of the coal business increased by 373% from the same year. The coal business grew the fastest in terms of volume and unit cost reductions in the company’s own production unit. 4%, which was particularly successful in comparison with their counterparts. Moreover, coal operations contributed.
▪ In the second half of the year, we predicted that the increase in the profitability of power generation operations would also reduce the tax rate from 24 per cent in the first half of the year to the second half of the year, which would mitigate the negative impact of the weakening of coal prices.
The company has increased its total electricity sales target by 6.7 to 229 billion kilowatt-hours to reflect the strong demand for electricity this year. Despite the worst performance in electricity generation in the first half of 17 years, we predict that its profitability will improve as coal prices fall and the prices of electricity on the Internet rise in the second half of the year.
The company is trying to revive the production of the Treasure Hill and Haru coal mines. We don't think it's very likely that the coal mines will be out of production in the second half of the year, especially the Bozhi Hill coal mines, which are responsible for providing winter heating to the northeast.
We still value the h shares based on 1.2 times the expected market net rate in 2017, based on a performance adjustment model.
Investment Summary - a Unit Liu Ji-sung, cfa