The transformer, the multi-crystal silicon silicon silicon substrates growth expectations, □ electrical equipment, the multi-crystal silicon field, the apparent downside of power station operation, supported by steady performance. Sub-operational income from transformer operations was $9.83 billion, a slight decline of 3.65 per cent, but the same year.
Māori dropped between 7.98 pcts and 17.77 per cent, with a slight increase in transformer production compared to last year, and a marked decline in performance as a result of higher raw materials prices and a decline in the share of super-pressure products with a high Māori rate; the new energy industry and ancillary works, $10,485 million, remained the same as last year, but Māori rates resulted from a 531 policy that led to a multi-crysis.
Silicon prices fell by 4.35 pcts to 19.04 per cent; at the same time, the electricity battalion collected $1,850 million, an increase of 157.62 per cent, mainly the 2*350mw combined heat and power unit, which was delivered throughout the year in 2018, and the 430mw new energy power station, which delivered a similar increase of 83 per cent, and the Māori rate, which was higher.
11.96 pcs to 49.68 per cent; coal products generated 3,324 million yuan, an increase of 50.86 per cent over the same period, mainly benefiting from higher coal prices and higher production, but the Māori rate fell by 2.92 pct due to increased mining rights costs. Overall, the Māori rate fell by 1.78 pcs to 19.66 per cent, below the cost rate for the period.
With the deployment of the national network for energy Internet smart power grids and the National Energy Authority's push for 14 lines of the new 9 transmission priority projects, a new wave of ultra-high pressure has also begun.
With its high market share of current transformers and communication transformers, the company is expected to increase its performance. With regard to new energy operations, the company has built 35 million tons/year of high-purity multi-crystal silicon lines, 85% have been completed, the project will not only double its capacity, but the multi-crystal silicon product quality will be complete.
Improved quality and profitability of products by reaching level 2 of electronics and above; in addition, with the warming of wind and light, over-expected growth overseas and the introduction of new energy parity policies, there is also a company power plant construction operation, Xu Chengqing morning
Polycrystal silicon price fluctuations; hyperpressure construction and new multicrystal silicon project capacity is not released as expected without rating - because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are provided for information purposes only.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.