Guoxuan High-Tech
China
SELL
Remain cautious
Consensus ratings*:
We update our earnings forecast for Guoxuan High-Tech in 2019–2020.
Guoxuan High-Tech's earnings miss in 2018 was in line with our cautious view on the
Current price:
Rmb12.91
Company's core power battery business growth outlook. Earnings growth recovered in
Target price:
Rmb7.80
Q1 2019, but margin contraction remained a major concern for its earnings growth
Rmb11.00
Previous target:
recovery potential in 2019-2020E.
Up/downside:
-39.6%
We think further government subsidy cuts will put more pressure on China's power
CGS-CIMB / Consensus:
N/A
battery demand growth in 2019–2020. In addition, as a smaller player, it should face
more pressure on its ASP and margins. Accordingly, we cut our earnings forecast for
Reuters:
the Company for 2019–2020E by 20–30%.
002074 CH
Bloomberg:
We maintain our SELL rating on Guoxuan High-Tech and cut our target price (TP) by
US$2,127m
Market cap:
29% to Rmb7.80 (13x 2019E PER). Our TP is derived from our lower earnings
Rmb14,674m
forecast for the Company in 2019-2020E.
US$48.0m
Average daily turnover:
2018 results a big miss; Q1 2019 earnings growth recovered but
Rmb320.8m
margin contraction remains a big concern
Current shares o/s:
1.137m
Guoxuan's total revenue in 2018 grew only 6.0% YoY, 16.6% below its revenue
52.1%
Free float:
guidance. With bigger margin contraction and additional asset impairment for doubtful
accounts receivable, its net profit continued to fall 30.8% YoY in 2018 to
accelerated to 65.3% YoY, driven mainly by its core NEV battery segment, as OEMs are
pushing NEV sales before the new subsidy policy takes effect on 26 June. But its gross
profit margin contracted by 2.8ppt YoY to 30.0% in Q1 2019. There were some SG&A
cost savings. But rising financing costs and a higher effective tax rate led to net profit
growth of only 25.2% YoY in Q1 2019.
Low earnings growth visibility due to NEV demand growth
uncertainty and margin pressure from further ASP cuts
With further subsidy cuts, we expect China's NEV demand growth visibility to remain low
in 2019-2020. Although NEV battery sales volume in Q1 2019 grew 182.6% YoY in
China, this was mainly due to OEMs boosting sales before the new subsidy policy takes
effect. In addition, the subsidy cuts will put further pressure on ASP and margins for
power battery producers. Guoxuan High-Tech doesn't have the same technology and
cost competitiveness as domestic leader CATL, which puts it in a more dangerous
position when facing intensified competition resulting from the massive government
subsidy cut. Therefore, we cut our revenue forecast for the Company in 2019E by 14.2%
and maintain our revenue forecast for the Company in 2020E. Considering further
and 2020E by 33.7% and 24.4%, respectively. Overall, we expect its earnings to grow
6.9% and 23.8% YoY in 2019 and 2020E, respectively.
Rising accounts receivable a red flag
vs. 91% at the end of 2017 and 57% at the end of 2016. Accounts receivable turnover
days also lengthened to 382 days in 2018 from 268 days in 2017 and 175 days in 2016.
Operating cash flow remained negative in 2016 and 2017. Operating cash outflow rose
showed signs of improvement, the full-year operating cash flow situation still remains
wait-and-see.
Maintain SELL
to Rmb7.80, based on the same target 2019E PER multiple of 13x. The TP cut is derived
mainly from our lower earnings estimates for 2019–2020.
Analysts
Kelly Zou
An Zhang, CPA
Johnson Cheung
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA
國 銀 河 國 際
Auto Parts | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of interest
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.